The Sunday Call Christmas FictionDOUBLE
HARNESS
This is t!ic fifth installment of
♦•I.«o:tI?I«* Harness,*" by Anthonv Hope.
r ilii> ::cvcl will be complied next
\« cli. I'o'luuhig "Double Harness*'
v.!!l n-)»x-ar li. Rider Haggard's "Tlic
Brethren**' a tule of the orasades.
There Is no writer of roinaxwe or ad
irntnrc living ubo ha* ever held quite
.the Maine iiigrii rank as the author of
•*£!ir," "Allan Quartrnnain** and a
cJor.r:i other storks of mystery, and iu«
vcnlcre. "The nrethrcii,"' thotip.li
v.r:;:tn more la U»c spirit of the lat
ter day liMorieal novels, possesses all
the strong d;sn:i that was always
found :a the work cf Mr. Haggard. It
will upi>ca? in fcuv installments.
tCoBjrrtsSiL, 1UM. by McClure. Phillips & Co.)
•"I E sat down .to his vigil. The
I A house became very still. Once
j[ I or twice cteps passed to and fro
%y in the room above; then there
t. ii* silence. In a quarter of an
hour. j>erh^ps. there were steps
i<£ain; then another interval of quiet.
Thl3 alternation of movement and rest
v.eat en for a long time. If Harriet
Cuuitland sleat. her sleep was broken.
J.ut presently Crar.tley ceased to mark
the round— ceased even to think of the
Courtlanda or of the house where he
was. Led l>y the experiences of the
day and b; r . the feelings they had
tvoketi," his thoughts took their way to
iiill<2ta.n t to his own home, to his wife
ind son. How nearly tragedy had come
there too! Nay, was it yet gone? Waa
iiut' Its shadow still over the house?
And why? He looked back again at the
COmtiands — at Harriet's unhallowed
ri-gt, ai Tom's weakness and desertion,
tt ihe late of the children— not thought
of end forgotten by the one, ill used
and i^ut in terror by the other. He
lecollected how once they used to joke
tioo^it tiie Oourtlands, being at any
saie useful as a warning. That joke
had t&iien on too keen an edge to sound
luirthiul now. But the serious truth in
ii car-ie home to him, making plain
what he had been groping after ever
EiKct: that night at the Sailors' Rest at
t a.»haVen, ever since Sibylla had
u : .'<-E.ed her mouth against him and
BiMfcen the bitterness of her heart. Yes,
he thought he saw where the truth lay
low. Calamity held up a torch to light
ias wandering feet.
So borrowed light had made plain
the.etepa of the woman upstairs. The
bliire ci her own ruin had been needed
..o illuminate the way she trod, eo
uens'e was the turbid darkness of
be*- Esirit. She saw "now where she
Mood— and there ' seemed no going
Uitc)£ She had fallen Into fits of remorse
before— the had called herself cursed
over her betrayal of Christine. That
M~a4) nothing: to this; yet she remem
bered tt now, and it went to swell the
\>uve of despair which overwhelmed
ktr. Well might her eyes look like
thr eyes of one. in hell, for Ehe was
«.ut eff from all love and sympathy.
severed all
herself had
L>«.>:ids whereby a human being be
«.o:aes a roving, solitary brute. There
v.^is no rebinding them. Xobody would
come near her; nobody could endure
her presence; she was a thing, of
ltutred and of fear. Even Suzette
L'ligh shrank while she served, and
loathed while she ministered. Her
husband could not trust himself in
the house with her. and she could not
be trusted in the room with her chil
dren. By the narrowest luck she was
r.ot a murderess; in the hearts of all,
and in her own heart, she seemed a
leper— a leper among people who were
whole— an unclean thing— because; of
her bestial rage.
These thoughts had been in her
mind all the night before and all the
day. They did not consort with sleep
nor make terms with peaceful rest.
Sometimes they drove her to wild and
pass.ioi)£te outbursts of weeping and
imprecation; often they chained her
motionless to her chair, so still that
only her angry eyes showed life and
consciousness. They left the little
room for fear of any external punish
ment or for shame at any public ex
posure. They went deeper than that,
cor.Cernning not the body, ' but the
soul, pronouncing not the verdict of
the world, but of herself and of na
ture's inexorable law. They displayed
the progression of evil — weakness
growing to vice, vice turning to crime,
crime throttling: all the good^tili she
had become a thins: horrible to those
about her, horrible and incredible even
to herself. And there was no going
back, r.o coing back at alL Her will
was broken, and she had not hope in
herself. The weights were on her feet
and dragged her down the abyss, which
now l2y crpen and revealed before her
eyes.
Susette had persuaded her to un
dress and go to bed. She must sleep
— yes, or she would go mad with the
thoughts. But where was sleep with
the agony of their sting?, She had
her chloral — an old ally — and had re
course tp it. Then she would fling
herself on the bed and try .to think
she could Eleep. Exasperation drove
her up again and she paced the room
In wrathful despair, cursing herself
because ehe could not sleep, exclaim
ing against their tortures, refusing the
Inquisition to which they subjected
her.- Then — back to bed again for an
other futile effort, another cry of de
spair, to be followed by another out
burst of wild Impatience, another
fierce unavailing struggle against her
tormentors, new visions of what she
was and "of what her life must be.
This was not a thing that she would
endure; nobody could endure it and
keep Banity. -; It should be ended! Her
fierce, defiant fury rose yet once more;
the temper which had wrought all the
calamity was not tamed by it in the
end. Ehe turned to her druc again.
Ehe knew there -was - no danger In
that, bvl she put the notion behind
her scornfully. Why, the stuff -would
not even- make her. sleep! Could it
hurt her when It could not even give
her Bleep? .That waa nonsense, stupid
nonsense. She would haVe sleep. Na
ture fell victim to her, rage now; she
would beat nature down by her fury,
as rhe had been wont to beat down al»
opposing -wills. She. had* listened to
nothing In her tempests.' .. Now she
ros* again to the whirlwind of passion,
denying what she knew, refusing , -to
look at IL Kill 1 , herself?* Not she!
Yet if ehe did. what ■. matter?. Had
she anything to look' for in. life?
Would anybody grieve for her? It
Tvonld be a riddance for all of ; them
if she died. But she wouldn't die. No
danger of that— and no such luck,
either! Each fiose left her more pitiably
wide-awake, more gruesomely ;, alert
In mind, more hideously acute to*, feel
the sting of those torturirrg thoughts.
An overdose indeed! _ No "dose, •. it
seemed, could serve" even 'Mo dull the
sharpness of her mordant reflections.
But she would have" sleeps— sat; all
costs, sleep! She cursed, herself vile
ly because she could not sleep.,'
Thus came, as of old, now?, for the
first time, the madness and blindness
of her rage, the rage which forgot all
pave itself, merged every other con
sciousness, spared nobody and noth
ing. It v.as turned against herself
now, and neither did it spare herself.
She drugged herself again, losing all
measure and then flung herself heav
ily on the bed. Ah! Yes. surely there
was a. change now? The horrid pic
tures grew mercifully dim. the sting
of the torturing thoughts was drawn,
the edge of conscience blunted. Her
rage had hud its way, it had beaten
down nature. For a moment she
grasped this triumph and exulted in
it in her old barbarous gloating over
the victories of her fury. All things
had been against her sleep. But now
it came; she had won it. She ceased
to move, to curse, even to think. The
blessed torpor stole over her. Her
life and what it must be passed from
her mind; a compassionate blankness
spread over her Intellect. She was at
peace! To-morrow — yes, to-morrow!
All things could wait now till to-nior
row. She would be better able to face
them to-morrc/tv — after a good night's
Who had dared to say sh«
could not sleep? Her eye.; closed and
her heavy breathing sounded through
the room. She stirred no more. Her
rage had Its way with her. ;is with all
others. It had demanded sleep. She
slept.
Dawn had broken when a h-ind laid
on his shoulder roused Grantley Ima
son from un uneasy doze. He found
Suzette by him in *h-;r dressing-gown
and baretooted. Instinctively he lis
tened for an instant to hear if there
were any Found from the room above.
There was none and he asked her:
"Is there anything wrong?"
"Yes," whispered Suzette. "Come
upstairs!" ■-, -:.^-,;
Not knowing what the evil chance
might be, he followed her and she led
him into Harriet Courtland's room.
She had already opened one of the
shutters and the early light streamed
in on the bed. Harriet lay on her
side, with her head thrown back on
the pillow and her eyes turned up to
the ceiling. She lay above the clothes
of the bed and her nightgown was
torn away from her throat. Suzette
had thrown a dressing gown over her
body from breast to feet. She looked
wonderfully handsome as she lay
there, so still, so peaceful, like some
splendid animal, In a reaction .of ex
haustion after savage grand exertion.
He drew near. The truth came home
to him at once. The two stood and
looked at Harriet. At last he turned
to Suzette. He found her very pale,
but cuite calm.
"She's dead, Mr. Imason," , Suzette
said.
"How?" he asked.
"An overdose of chloral. She often
used to take it— and of course she
would be very likely to want a sleep
ing draught last night."
"Yes, yes, of course she would. Her
nerves would be so much upset."
Their eyes met — Suzette's seemed
puzzled.
"What do you think?" asked Grant
ley in a whisper.
"I really don't . know. She would
really have been quite likely to take
too much. She would be impatient if
it didn't act quickly, you know."
"Yes, yes, of course Ehe would.
Have you sent for the doctor?"
"Oh, yes, directly I found her — be
fore I came to you. But I've done
some nursing and— and there's not the
least—" She stopped suddenly, and
was silent for several seconds. Then
she said quietly and calmly: "There's
not the least chance, Sir. Imason."
Grantley knew what word she had
rejected in favor of "chance," and
why the word had seemed inappropri
ate. He acknowledged the justice of
the change with a mournful gesture of
his hands.
"Well, we can never know whether
it was accidental or not," he said, as
he turned to leave the room.
"No, we can never know that," said
Suzette. •
How should they know? Harriet
Courtland had- not known herself. As
always, so to the end, her fury had
been blind, and had destroyed her
blindly. She had struck at herself as
recklessly as at her child; and here her
blow had killed. Her rage had run
its final course, and for the last time
had its way. She slept-
And while Ehe slept, her home was
waking to the life of a new day.
CHAPTER XXIV.
Picking .Up the Pieces.
The calamity at the : Courtlands'
struck on all their acquaintance like a
nip of icy wind, sending a shudder
through them, making them, as it were,
huddle closer about them the protecting
vesture of any hope or any happiness
that they had. The outrage on the
child stood out horrible in the light of
the mother's death: the death of the
mother found an appalling explanation
in the child's plight. Whether the
death were by a witting or an unwit
ting act seemed a small matter; dark
ness and blindness had fallen on the
unhappy woman before the last hours,
and somehow in the darkness she had
passed away. There was not lacking
the last high touch of tragedy; the
catastrophe which shocked and awed
was welcome too- It was the best
thing that could have happened. Any
end was better than no end. . To , such
a point of "hopelessness- had matters
ccme, in such a fashion Harriet Court
land had used her life; " The men : and
women* who'had* known 'her.Ther >klo-~
dred, her friends '. and ,her household,
all whom nature' had designed to love
her, while they shuddered { over the
manner of her going, sighed with relief
that she waa gone. The decree . of
fate, had filled the ■ page, and it was
finished;, but- their j minds still r tingled
from it as - they " turned to the^clean
eheet and prayed a kinder/message.
Grantley Imason, , so : closely, brought
In contact with the drama, almost an
eye-witness of .it,iwas deeply moved,
stirred to fresh feelings, and quickened
to a new vision." ! The : devastation
Harriet had . Trrought, . Tom's cow
ardly desertion, i. the pitiable
pJI ght ' of . the , children".^ grouped * them
selves together and took on, as another
of their, company, the Heightened and
freshened impression of stale - senti-
mentality and a self-delusion ."trivial
to vulgarity, which 'he had carried
away from his encounter .'with Walter
Blake. To all. this Beemed* one
clue; through it all' one thread, ran.
He felt this in the recesses of his mind,
and his fingers groped ? after the,guid
ing line. That rrt;ust be. found. - lest,
treading blindly through the, labyrinth,
he and his too should fall into the pit
whence there was no upward way.
They had been half over the brink
once; a preternatural . effort— so it
might properly; be called— had pulled
them back; but they "were still on the
treacherous incline. • ' • -
Out of his' sbmber-and puzzled re
flections there* 5 sprang— suddenly as it
seemed, and in ans\ver to his/cry -for
guidance— an,; enlightening pity— pity
for his boy,' lest he al^ps^hould... bear
on his brow the scar of hatred, almost
as plain to see as the visible mark
which was to. stamp little Sophy's - for
evermore— and pity for Sibylla, because
her empt'y heart had opened to so poor
a tenant; in very hunger she had turn
ed to Blake. He no longer rejected the
hope of communion with the Immature
infantile mind of his son; he ceased to
laugh scornfully at a, love dedicated
to such a man as Walter" Blake. A
new sympathy with his boy— even such
as he had felt for Tom Courtland's lit
tle girls— spurred him. to fresh efforts
to understand. I Contempt for his wife's
impulsive affections gave: way to com
passion as his mind 'dwelt not'on what
she had done; but on what had driven
her to do it— as he threw back his
thoughts from the unworthy satisfac
tion her heart had sought to the straits
of starvation which -had made any sat
isfaction seem so good. This was to
look, in the end, at himself, and to the
task of studying himself he was now
thrust back. If he could not do that,
and do it to a purpose, desolation and
pitiableness such as he had witnessed
and shuddered at stood designated as
the unalterable future of his own home.
Then, at. last;. he was Impatient;: his
slow persevering » campaign was too
irksome, ■ and success : delayed seemed
to spell failure. The time comes when
no man can .work. The darkness might
fall on ■ his task still ' unperformed. 1 He
became afraid and therefore impatient.
He could not wait for. Sibylla to come
to -him. He must meet her—In;some
thing ..more than. civility,^ in, "something
more than a formal^ concession '» of I her,
demands,*: more \ than % anv acquiescence
■which had been not -untouched by Irony
arid;by the [ wish to* put^ heir <Mn? the
wrong. ■■ He must . forget s hls claims and
think " off ;hls { needs. ', His < heeds ? came
home'., to , him_riow; ; his ■;; claims T could
.wait; \i And as ' his needs ■ cried; ou v, there
dawned ' in '■ him : a ; glow, of anticipation.
What < would " it ; not i mean \ lithe ; needs
"could -be 'Satisfied?,: .'-.;.;-'■ T c , }"i ; ;.
. He .stayed v' in^, London Jf of. ; Harriet
Courtland's funeral and in- the 'evening
went' do wji to Milldean, a -sharper edge
given : ,to jhis i thoughts by the , sight . of
Tom :•. and : the -two little ; girls ~J (Sophy
could" - not 'come)." following;; Harriet's
cofflni -.to r the ;' grave.^Christine iFan
shaw..was:ini the i carriage f which ? met
him at the- station and was his com
panion on the homeward • drive: '-. The
Courtland calamity had touched her
THE SAN FRANCISCO
deeply, too, but touched her to bitter
ness—if indeed | her outward bearing
• could be. taken as a true index of ; her
mind.* She' bore herself aggressively
toward -fate > and its lessons; \ an. in-;
creased acidity of manner . condemned
the follies of her, friends ; : she dropped
no 'tears over their..' punishment. Still
.there' "was very likely something else
beneath; she had . not heard- from John
since she came down to Milldean.'
. ."How have you. been % getting on?"
'Grantley asked/; as " he took" the reins
and settled •himself 'beside her.
. '.'.We've % done ; excellently since you
went away. Of course," we've .been 'upset',
about this horrible business, but——"
i "Otherwise you've done very well?"
he smiled. ;
"Oh, yes, very!"
"Since I went away?"
"Yes, 6lnce you went away," Christine
repeated.
"Perhaps It'a hot a very good thing
for me to come back?" : S
"We can, hardly- banish you from
your own house.!* '. •
The concession : was ■ grudging. Grant
ley laughed, . and the tone of his laueh
brought her eyes sharply round to his
face. ; • '
"You seem . very .cheerful." she re
marked, with an accusing air.
'■ "No, I'm not that: exactly: but I've
got an idea— and that brightens one up
a" bit. you know." . .
"Any change does that," Christine
admitted wasplshly.
"I saw John for a minute. He looked
a bit worried. - Does he complain?"
"He hasn't complained to me."
"Oh, then it's all right, I suppose.
And he says the business is all right,
anyhow. How's the boy?"
"As merry and jolly as he can be." '
"And Sibylla?" "
"Yes, Sibylla, too, as merry as pos
sible." : ■■-: ■■■:■. •.-•■■ • . ••'. .
"They. both, have been, you mean?".
'"Yes, of course , I do."
"While I've been away?"
' "Yes, while you've been away."
Grantley* laughed again. . .Christine
lookedat him in dawning wonder. She
had . expected nothing ,; from - this drive ;
but . a gloom : deepening— or, at " least . a
constraint increasing— with every yard:
-they,, came ..nearer ..to But
there was . something .new. With > some
regret she recognized .that her ; acidity,
her harping ozr."Since. you; went away."
. had s ; notfjformed vthe bestjt prelude : to !
• questioning 4 or much : of : an ,; invitation '
. to .and Jit shad.* moreover,
failed- in its primaryjpurpose of annoy
-ing;GrantJey,lby-its implied: comment.
. on his (conduct.- Her voice ' grew softer.
. and, Iwith > 'one lot .^her'..; coaxing little
tricks, I she edged herself - closer ; to . his
■ siae.'^r-^.i^r^.'i-'- L£a- - "■■'■■' -■- T : l
' i'.'Any ; .good! hews 's'imongl all the bad,;
Grantley?" ; \ V - ■ ';""■■>..
" ".There's no ■ news - yet," said he. ;
. - She, caught^ at his last K word. '
,VYet?;;,Yet,f Grantley ??
- r 'U'm I not f. going % to Sjtalk A any • more.
That, off-horse '. Is i a > young ,'un, : and— —"
- "It's something- to -have >a-*yet'ln-Ufe
again," -she • half -whispered. " 'Yet'
seems to imply d future— a change,, per-
haps!"
, "Da you want a change, too?"
"Oh, come, you're not so, dull as to
have to aslt that!"
''You've told me nothing." ■
"And" I: won't. But I'll ask you one
question— if you'll leave it at that."
, "Well, what's the question?"
"Did John send his love to me?"
■ Grantley looked at her a moment and
smiled In deprecation.
"It .would. have been tactful to Invent
the message."- smiled Christine.
"I'm . getting a. bit out of heart with
tact, Christine." v
"Quite so, my. dear man. And Bret out
of patience with some other thinsrs. too.
if - you can. . Your patience would try
Job — and -. not • only; from jealousy,
either."
Grantley's only answer was a reflect
ive smile.
"And what about Tom* Courtland?"
she went on. "Is he with the children?"
"No, he's living at the club."
"Hum! At the club > officially*?"
-You're malicious— and you outrage
proper feeling. At : the club really,
Christine. He feels a bit. lost, I fancy.
I ; think it rather depends I on some
body else now. He's a weak chap, poor
old. Tom." •
"You're \ full of discoveries about
people to-day. Any other news?"
"No, none." . ■■'. ,
."But, you see, I've heard from Janet
Selford!"
"Will you consider my remarks about
your remarks as repeated— with more
emphasis?"
"Oh, yes,. I will! You're talking more
as you used to before you were mar
ried."
"That's a compliment? I expect so
coming from a woman. Christine, have
you .read Sibylla Janot Selford's let
"I wish you hadn't. I didn't want her
to know. I saw .the fellow there — with
Anna;" /v
"Anna's a /very clever girl. She does
me great credit." \ -
■ VI should wait a bit to claim it, If I
were you. '.' I'm sorry. you told Sibylla."
"If you're . going ; to be generous as
well as ? patient; there's . an end of any
chance of your turning human, Grant
ley." •; ;■;■ /■■,'■'■.■ ••' ■■ . ■ ■' : «
"You're quite good company to-day."
\i "I'm 'always ready -to -t>e;. but s one
can't -manage « it r >without some help."
"Which you 'haven't * round ,: In -my
house?":::^.- 5 ;:;;;^;^: 1 ;:-. \
' "Yes, , Ijhave—^since \yoii "'i went away."
-But sKejsaid'lt this? time *ih a differ
ent way; with &\ hint, , perhaps an tap
peal,V>In ,* her upturned' Bleeve— almost
like :the delicate' soft pat'qf^a' kitten's
pa\», : as > qu lc"k,» as t timid, -and ■ as i ven
turous, t- Grantley turned ;hia " head to
look; at her.i Her eyes .were bright and
eager. . ';. } _S ; t -yv.:;.. V •
actually.begun to be;pleas
ant " ' he ''. said, • smiling. • > -
i." Yes,^ almost - ■ to 2g enJoyiS ourselves
Wonderful! But we're not at the house
VNot quite! ": he said; i:J
•His face setagain'in'flrnVlines.
■•- -"You'd " so : " much™, better, not ■ look so
serious -'■ about : it. That's > as bad " as
your old County Council!"
"Are you quite .sure you understand
the .case?"
"Meanlngithe woman? Oh, no! She'a
difficult.,: But I understand that, when
one failed utterly, you don't
risk. much .by trying another."
They came to the top of the hill
which runs down. to Milldean. Christine
sighed. ;.
• "Poor old Harriet!- She was a' jolly
girl once, you know, and so handsome!
I've had some good times with Harriet.
Do you think she is at peace, Grant
ley?"
"She has paid," said he. "She has
paid, for what she was and did. I hope
she's at peace."
Christine's eves grew dreamy; her
voice fell to a gentle murmur.
"I worder if it's nulte silly to fancy
that she's paid something for some of
us too, Grantley? I waa thinking some
thing like that— somehow— when I said
•Poor old Harriet!' "
"I daresay it's silly, but I don't know
that it seems so to me," he answered.
Just once again he felt the tiny vel
vety touch. So they came to Milldean.,
The twofold pity which had roused
Grantley from a lethargy of feeling,
misconceived as self-control, had its
counterpart in the triple blow with
which the course of events assailed
Sibylla's estimate of herself. In the first
place; the news about young Blake
announced in Janet Selford's letter —
indirectly indeed, but yet with a cqnfl
dent satisfaction — made her ask wheth
er her great sacrifice had been offered
at a worthy shrine, and her great offer
ing received with more than a shallow
and transitory appreciation. In the*
second, the thought and image of the
Courtland children spoke loud to the
instinct which hsr ideas had lulled to
sleep, bitterly accusing her desertion
of the child and her indifference to his
fate, rousing hsr ever underlying re
morse to quick and. vengeful life. Last
ly, she was stirred to see and rec
ognize the significance of the third turn
of fate — the meaning of tha nemesis
which had fallen on Harriet Courtland:
how she had let her rage spare nothing,
neither self-respect, nor decency, nor
love: and how, in the end. thus en
throned in tyranny, it had not spared
herself. The three accusations, each
wi^h its special Import, each taking
up a distinct aspect of the truth and
enforcing it with a poignant example,"
joined example, joined their indictments
into one, and, thus united, cried out
their condemnation of her, taking for
their mouthpiece Christine Fanshaw's
pretty lips, using her daintily scorn
ful voice, and the trenchant uncompro
mising words from which the utterer
herself had afterward recoiled as too
coarse and crude to be a legitimate
weapon of attack. The logic of events
was not so squeamish: It does not deal
In glosses or in paraphrase; It Is blunt,
naked and merciless, and must be, since
only when. all other appeals and.warn
ings have failed does its appointed work
begin. It fastened with what almost
seemed .malicious glee on Christine's
biting word, and enforced It by a piti
less vividness of memory, an unceasing
echo in Sibylla's thoughts. Her emo
tions had gone "sprawling" over every
thing. The description did not need
elaboration. It was abominably ex
pressive and sufficient. And it did not
admit of pleading or of extenuation.
It showed her touching, on one extreme.
Blake's shallow and spurious senti
ment; on the other, Harriet Courtland's
license of anger. It pointed her at
tention to the ruin of Tom's life, to the
piteous plight of his children, to Har
riet's fate, to Blake's facile forgetful
ness of love too heedlessly and wanton
ly offered. It stripped her fantastic
ideas of their garish finery, leaving
them, in the revulsion of her feelings,
bereft of all beauty and attractiveness.
Impelled to look back, she seemed to
find the sams trail over everything—
even in those childish days of which
Jeremy Chiddingfold had once given
a description that would not have re
assured her; even In the beginning of
her acquaintance with Grantley, in
the. ready rapture of her first love, in
the intoxication of the fairy ride.
Changing its form, now hostile to her
husband instead of with him, the same
temper. showed in all the events which
led up to the birth of little Frank: its
presence proved that her madness over
Blake was no isolated Incident, but
rather the crown of her development
and the truest interpreter of a char
acter empty of worth, strength, or sta
bility. Many bitter hours brought her
to this recognition; but when light
came, the very temper she condemned
was in her still, and turned the cool
ness of recognition and analysis Into
an extravagant heat of scorn and self
contempt. - .
What was the conclusion? "Was she
to throw herself at Grantley's feet,
proclaiming penitence, Imploring par
don, declaring love? "No, no!" she
cried. That would be so easy, so short
a cut, so satisfying to her roused feel-
Ings. She put the notion from her in
horror; it was the suggestion of her old
devil in a new disguise. Her love for
Grantley had bitten too deep Into her
naturo to be treated like that, with
that levity and frivolity of easy im
pulse, that violence of headstrong emo
tion, those tempests of feeling so re
mote from true sincerity of heart. The
cure did not He in pampering sick emo
tions into a plump semblance of
healthy life. Where did it He, if it
were possible at all? It must He In
the most difficult of all tasks— a change
not of other people or of their bear
ing and feelings toward her, but a
change of "herself and of her own at
titude toward others and toward the
world, and in her judgment and her
ruling of herself. If -things were to go
differently with her, she must be dif
ferent. The arrogance of her nature
must be lowered. The thought struck
on her' almost with despair. So hard
seemed the lesson, so rough the path.
And It seemed a path which must be
trodden- alone. .^It.was not as the easy
pleasant road of emotion.* ' beguiled by
enchanting' companionship, strewn
with the flowers : of ' fancy, carpeted
with pleasure. This way # was hard,
bleak, and solitary. Merely to con
template it chilled her. Even that
happiness with her child/which had so
struck . Christine and afforded metter
for. one of, these keen thrusts at Grant
ley'..'Imason.;appeared to her in a sus
picious guise. .- She . could not prevent it
nor forego ■ it— nature was ' too ~ strong;
but she yielded to it with qualms of
conscience, and its innocent delights
were, spoilt by-; the voice of'self-accu
sation and distrust. 1 Could < It be real,
genuine, "true,. In. the woman who h~d
deserted the child and been" indifferent
to ;his ; f ate ?;
Both penitents, both roused to self
examination, . Grantley Imason and his
wife seemed to have exchanged parts.
Each suffered. an inversion, if not ot
character, yet of present mood. Each
sought and desired something of what
had appeared to- deserve reprobation
when displayed by the other. Their
own propensities and ideals.' carried
to ah extreme,- had threatened ruin;
they erected' the opposite temper of
mind into a standard, arid thereto
sought to conform their conduct at tha
cost of violence to themselves. It
seemed strange, yet it was the* natural
effect of the fates and the tempera
ments which they had seen woTked out
and displayed ■ before their " eyes, in
such close touch with them, impinging
so sharply on their own destinies.
Sibylla had not been at home when
Grantley arrived. " She met him first
in. the nursery. -when she went to seo
little Frank at his tea: No mood, ba
it what It would, could make Grant
ley a riotous romping, companion for a.
tiny child; that effort • was beyond
him. But to-day he played with his
son ; with a new sympathy;* talked to
him .with a pleasant gravity! which
stirred the youth and curious mind;
listened to his broken utterances with
a kindly quizzical smile which seemed
to encourage the little fellow.- Grant
ley had never before found so much an
swering intelligence. He forgot the
oulck development which even a few
weeks bring at such a time of life. He
set all .the difference <Xowo to the
fact that never before had he looked
for what he now, found so ready and
so obvious. Anything- he did: not find
for himself the nurse was eager to
j»olnt out, and with the aid: of this
enthusiastic .signpost Grantley dis
covered the road to understanding
very '= readily. He and the boy were,
without doubt, enjoying one another's
society when Sibylla came in. *•
She stood In the doorway, waiting
with an aching heart for the usual
thing, , for a withdrawal of even such
sijn of interest as Grantley had ever
shown in old days. It did not come.
He gave her a cheery recognition, and
went on playing with ■ Frank. Irre
sistibly drawn, she came near to them.
Something was- .signaled In. Frank's
struggling rpeech and impatiently
waving arms. Grantley could not fol
low, and now turned hi3 eyes to S*ibylla.
asking for an explanation. The nurse
had gone into the other room,' busied
about the preparations for the msal.
Sibylla took Frank in her arm?.
"I know what he means."- she said
proudly.
Her eyes met Grantley's. His wera
fixed very intently on her.
* "I -don't," he 'said. "Is it possible
for a man to learn these myaterles?"
His tone and words were light: they
were even mockins:, but not now with
the mockery which hurts.
She flushed a little.
"You'd like to lqarn?" she asked.
"Shall we try to teach him, Frank— to
teach him your, cede?". .
"1*11 watch you With him." ,.
For a. moment she looked at him ap
pealingly, and then knelt, on. the floor
and arranged the toys as Frank had
wanted them. The little fellow laughed
in triumph.
"How did you know?" asked Grant
ley..-,', ,■■■■
"I've not lost that knowledge — no. I
haven't." she answered almost in a
whisper.
The scene was a spur to his newly
stirred impulses.. He had- rejoiced In
his wife before how; but the clouds
had always hung about the cot. so that
he had not rejoiced nor gloried in the
mother of his child. His heart/was full
as he sat and watched the mother and
the- child.
"You've got to watch him very care
fully still; but' he's getting; ever so
much more — more-r- *-'*
"Lucid?" Grantley suggested, smil
ing. BM
"Yes," she laughed, "and., if possi
ble, more Imperious still. I believe he's
going to be like you in that." •
"Oh. not like me, let's hope!"
He laughed, but there was a look of
pain on his face.
Sibylla turned round' to him and
spoke in a low voice, lest by chance
the nurse should hear.
"You mustn't be sure I agree alto
gether with that." she said, and turned
swiftly away to the child again.
Grantley rose.
"Lift him up to me and let- me kiss
him," he said.
With grave eyes Sibylla obeyed.
But the natural man is not easily
subdued, nor does he yield hU place
readily. In the end Grantley ,was not
apt at explanations or apologies." The
evening fell fair and still, a fine 7 : Oc
tober night, and he Joined Sibylla In
the garden. Christine remained inslda
—from tact, perhaps, though she, was
very likely chilly, too. Grantley smoked
in silence, while Sibylla looked, down
on the little village below.
"This thing has shaken me up dread
fully." he said at last. "The Court -
lands, I mean."
"Yes, I know."- She turned and
faced him. "And Isn't there something
else that concerns you and me?"
.- VI ; know of nothing. And you can
hardly say the Courtlands concern U3
exactly.".. ■/
"They do; and there is something
else. Grantley. I know what Janet
Selford wrote."
"That's nothing at all , to me."
"But it is somethlns to me. You
know it is."
"I won't talk of that It's nothing."
He put his hand out suddenly to her.
"Let's, be friends. Sibylla.".
She did not take his hand. , but she
looked at him with a friendly 'gaze.
. "We really ought to try to matt a se
that, oughtn't we? For Frank's sake,
if for nothing else. Or do you think
I've no right to talk about Frank." ,
"Suppose we don't talk about rights
at all? I'm not anxious. to."
"It'll be hard; but' we'll try to be
friends for his sake— that he may have
a happy home." -r :
.'. Grantley's heart was stirred within
him. .--.,-
"That's . good, but is that all?", he
asked in a low voice full of feeling.
"Is it all over for ourselves? Can't we
be friends for our own sakes?"
"Haven't we lost— well, not the right
— If you don't like that— but the pow-
"I'm an "obstinate man: you know
that very well.*: .
"It'll be hard— for both of us; but,
yep. we'll try." -
She save him her hand to bind- the
bargain; he gripped It with an intensi
ty that surprised and alarmed her. She
could see his eyes through the gloom.
Were they asking friendship- only?
There was more than that In his heart
and in his eyes— a thins never dead in
him. It had sprung to fresh .vigor now.
from the lessons of, calamity, from-jthepity born in him, from the new eyes
with which he had looked on the boy
In his mother's arms. She could not
miss the expression of it.
"Is that the best we can try for?"
he whispered. "There was something*
else once, Sibylla."
He had not moved, yet she raised her
hands as though to check or beat off
Ms approach. She was afraid. All that
the path he again beckoned her on had
meant to her came to her mind. If she
followed him along it would it not be
<jnce more to woo disillusionment, to
court disaster, to Invite that awful
change to bitterness ana hatred?
"You are you and 1 am I," she pro
tested. "It— it is impossible. Grantley."
His face assumed its old obstinate
squareness as he heard her.
.. V 1 don>t want that," she murmured.
"I !1 try to l>e friends. We can' Under
stand one another as friends, make
allowances, give end forgive. Friend
ship's charitable. Let's be friends,
Grantley."
"You have no love left for me?" he
asked, passing by her protests.
"For months past I've hated you."
"I know thai. And vou have no love
left for me?"
She looked at him again, with fear
and shrinking in her eyes.
"Have you lor;;oiten what I did? No,
you can't have lursvittcn! How can you
wish mo to love you now?. It would
be horrible for l«jth of us. You may
forgive me, as 1 do you — what 1 may
have to furtive; but how can we be
lovers again? How can we — with that
In the past?"
"The past is the part," he said calm
ly.
She walked away from him a little.
When she came bacl; in a minute or
so, he saw lh.it the was in strong ab
lation.
"That's enough to-night — enough for
all time, if you so wish." he said gently.
"Only 1 had to tell you what was in
my heart."
"How could you, Grartley?"
"I haven't said it was easy. I'm
coining to believe that the easy things
aren't worth much."
"You could love me again?"
"I've never ceased to love you.— only
I hope I know a bit more about how
to do it now."
She stood there, the picture of dis
tress and vf fear. At last she broke
out:
"Ah. I've not toJd you the real thing!
I'm afraid, Grantley, I'm afraid! I dare
not love you. Because I loved you so
beyond all reason and all — all sanity,
all this came upon us. And — and I
daren't trust myself with my knowl
edge." She came a 'step nearer to him.
holding cut her hands beseechingly.
"Friends, friends. Grantley!" she im
plored. "Then we shall be safe. And
our love shall be for Frank. You'll get
to love Frank, won't you?"
"Frank and I are beginning to hit it
off capitally," said Grantley cheerful
ly. "Well. I shall go in now; we mustn't
leave Christine alone all the evening."
He took her hand and kissed it. "So
•we're friends?" he asked.
"I'll try," she faltered. "Yes, surely
\v<- can manage that!"
He turned away and left her again
ga'^ng down on ■ the village and Qld
Mill House. He lounged into the draw
irg*.-oom where Christine sat, with an,
easy air and a smile on his face.
!"A beautiful evening, isn't it?" asked
hristine with a tiny shudder, as she
itched her chair closer to the bit of
right fire and threw a faintly protest
ig glance at the open window.
"Beautiful weather — and quite set
-.ed. I shall enjoy my holiday down
here."
"Oh. you're going to stay down here,
and going to have a holiday, are you?"
the asked with a. lift of her brows.
"Well, hardly a holiday, after all.
I've got a job to do," he answered as
fct lit his cigarette. "Rather a hard job
at my timf of life."
"Is it? What is the job?'.*
"I'm going courting again— and a
very pretty woman too." he said.
A rather tremulous smile came on
Christine's face as she looked at him.
"It's rather a nice amusement, isn't
it?" she asked. "And you always had
plenty of self-conceit."
"Why, hang it, I thought it was just
the opposite this time!" exclaimed
Grantley in whimsical annoyance.
Christine laughed.
"I won't be unamiable- I'll call it
self-confidence, if you insist."
He took a moment to think over her
new word.
"Yes, In the end I suppose it does
come to that. Look here, Christine; I
xvish the people who tell you you
ought to change your nature would be
obliging enough to tell you how to do
Christine's answer might be consid
ered encouraging.
"After all there's no need to over
do the change," she said. "And there's
one thing in which you'll never change;
ycu'll always want the best there is."
"No harm In having a try for It—
as Boon as you really see it," he an
ewered. as he strolled off to the smok
ing: room. .. c
CHAPTER XXV.
Picking Up the Pieces.
Mrs. Bolton was very much upset by
what had happened at the Courtlands'.
An unwonted and irksome sense of re
sponsibility oppressed her. She dis
cussed the matter with Miss Henderson
tnd made Caylesham come to see her
—Miss Pattie Henderson, who knew all
about how Sophy's letter had reached
her mother's hands, and Caylesham,
•whom Mrs. Bolton had made a party
to the Joke. It did not seem so good a
Joke now. She and Pattie were both
frightened when they saw to what their
pleasantry had led. Little Sophy's suf
fering was not agreeable to think of,
and there was an uncomfortable cer
tainty about the manner of Harriet's
death. A scheme may prove too suc
cessful sometimes. Caylesham had
warned Mrs. Bolton that she was play-
Ing with dangerous tools. He was not
now inclined to let her down too easily,
nor to put the kindest interpretation
on the searchlngs of her conscience.
"You always time your fits of morali
ty bo well." he observed cynically. "I
don't suppose poor old Tom's amusing
company Just now, and he's certainly
deuced hard up."
Mrs. Bolton locked a very plausible
picture of injured Innocence, but of
course there was something . In what
Frank Caylesham said; there generally
was. though it might not be what you
would be best pleased to find. Tom was
not lively sor inclined for gayety; and
he had Just made a composition with'
his creditors. On the other hand, Miss
Henderson was In funds (having com
pleted her negotiations with the Par
menter family), and had suggested a
Winter on the Riviera, with herself for
hostess. There are, fortunately, mo
ments when the good and the pleasant
coincide; the worst of it Is that such
happy harmonies are apt to come rather
late In the day.
"It's all different now that woman's
gone." observed Mrs. Bolton. "it's the
children now, Frank." • ■
"Supposing it Is, why am I to be
dragged Into it?"
"We must get him to go back to
them."
Various feelings combined to make
Mrs. Bolton very earnest.
"He wants to stay here, does*he?"
- "No; he hates being here now. .Yes,
he does. He only comes : because he's
got nobody else to speak to. And he's
In awful dumps all the time. It's not
very cheerful for me."
"I dare ' say not, Flora. 'But why
doesn't he'go back; then?" ■■-'■'■' ■■;■■'• •
Mrs. Bolton 'had been, moving- about
the room* restlessly. Her back-was to
Caylesh^m as she answered:- ..' :■ \ ,. -
"He - won't. . He says i he ; "can't. : He
says 1",' ,, //•/ ' r '" ,
Caylesham threw a glance at' her, his
brows raised. ... , - • ., ",
"What does he say, Flora?/'..
"Oh, it's* nonsense — and he* needn't
say it to me. anyhow. It really isn't
particularly pleasant for me. .Oh.iwell,
then, he says he's not fit .to go near
them." She turned round to him;
there was a flush- on her. face.. "Such
nonsense!" she ended impatiently.- -"■■•
Caylesham pulled his mustache and
.smiled reflectively. "• - ; '-
"I suppose it might take him like
that," he observed with an impartial
air. ~:~-\ : ;s , ■•■•:••.■
"Oh. I know you're only laughing 'at
me! Tut I tell you,, I don't like it,
Frank." '
"Those little incidents are — well, inci
dental. Flora. Innocent children, you
know! And 1 shouldn't be surprised if
he even mcide excuses'^ for Harriet
now?"
"Xo, be doesn't do that. It's the chil
dren. Stop smiling like that, will you?"
' "Certainly, my dear Flora. My smile
was a pure oversight." i
"It was all I could do to' get him to
go to ihe funeral. Do you think she
killed herse!f. : Frank?"
"I've not the least intention of exam-,
ining the Question. What can "it mat
ter?" "
Mrs. Bollnn shrugged her
impstier.tly. it did seem to her ;to
matter, but she would not let Cayle
shaxii think th?.t it mattered much.
She returned to her point about the
children.
"He's miserable. thinking about them,
and yet h« won't co near them. I call
it idiotic."'
"So cto I. Eut then ther aren't our
children."
"Well. I'm not going to stand his
saying it apfain and again to me."
"I reallv agree. There can't be any
reason for saving suchta thing more
ihSn once."
She broke into a vexed laugh.
"When you've had all the fun you
can got out of me, pc-rhaps you will be
gin to help me. You see. I want it set
tled. I want to be off to Monte with
Pattip."
"I see. You want to co with Pattie
and " t . -
Mrs. Bolton shook her "head.
"Just vou And Pattie?"
"She's going to stand it to me; I
haven't got a farthing. And, I say,
Frank, he ought to go back to those
poor little wretches now. You can
make him do it if you like, you know.''
"I? Well. I'm an odd sort of party
for such a job."
"Not a b'.L He'll listen to you just
because — well, because- "
"I haven't spared your feelings,
Flora, don't mind mine."
"Because he knows you don't talk
humbug or cant."
"You're being complimentary after
all — or at any rate you're meaning to
be. And you'd never see him again?"
"He'll never want to see me." She
was facing Caylesham now. "I've been
fond of poor old Tom. Come, you know
I have? Say that for me."
"Yes, I know you have. I've reproved
you for it myself."
"But he'll not want to see me — and
soon 1 shan't want to see him either."
She looked -a little distressed for a
minute, then shrugged her shoulders
with u laugh:
"That's the wav of the world."
"Of part of it," Caylesham murmured
as he lit a cigar.
But he was really sorry for Mrs. Boi
ton. Notwithstanding a. notable mix
ture of motives, in which the condition
of her purse and the opportunity of go
ing to the Riviera. figured largely, she
was grieved at the" wav in which her
friendship with Tom was ending
grieved that it must end. and hurt that
Tom should desire to have it ended.
She had always suffered from this un
fortunate tendency to kindly emotions
which the exigencies of her position did
not permit her to Indulge. Indeed it
was very likely the kindly emotions
which had originally produced the po
sition. This did rot make the matter
any better; the ultimate incongruity
was none the less undesirable. With
his indifference to accented codes,
Caylesham thought it rather lament
able, too. Still she did want, above all
things, to so to the Riviera. with Pat
tie Henderson. One must compromise
with life, and it was not clear that she
was getting the worst of the bargain.
With Flora Bolton set aside (and
of course she had no reasonable
title to consideration), the . case
Feemed a simple one to Caylesham,
and his mission an obvious utterance
of common sense. He could not enter
fully into Tom Courtland's mind. Tom
was not naturally a lawless man; des- 1
peration had made him break loose.
The by-gc-ne desperation was forgotten
now in pity for his children and for tha
woman whom, after all, he had once
loved; *and he looked with shame on
the thing he had done, attributing to it
all the results which Harriet's fury had
engrafted on it. Broken in fortune and
in career, broken, too, in self-respect,
he had been likely to drift on In a life
which he had come to abhor. He felt
his presence an outrage on his chil
dren. If the death of his wife had
seemed to save him from a due punish
ment, here was a penalty different, but
hardly less severe. While he was in
this mood Caylesham was the best man
to carry the message to him. The only
chance -with Tc-m was to treat what he
had done as natural, but to Insist that
the sequence of events was utterly un
expected and essentially unconnected
with It. To urge the gravity of his of
fense would have been to make repara
tion and atonement impossible. Cayles
ham took a very strong and simple
line. He declined to discuss the state
of Tom's' conscience, or the blackness
of Tom's mind, or. even the whiteness
of the minds of the children. Every
body was very much alike, or would
be in a few years, anyhow, and Tom
was not to be an ass.' The line of argu
ment was not exalted, but . it was
adapted to the needs of the case."
"My dear chap,. if you come to that,
what man Is fit to look his children in
the face?" he asked Impatiently.
But then it occurred to him that he
was idealizing— a thing he hated.
"Not that - children aren't' often
wicked little beggars themselves," he
.added 'cheerfully. "They steal and lie
like anything, and torment one another
devilishly. I know I did things as a
boy that I'd kick any grown man for
doing, and so- did my brothers and sis
ters. I tell you what it is, Tom, the
devil's there all the time; he . shows
himself in different ways— that's all."
Tom could not swallow this gospel;
he would give up neither, his own
iniquity nor the halo of purity to which
his mind clung amid the sordid ruin
of his life and home.
"If I could pull straight "he mur
mured despairingly. V
"Why shouldn't you? You're getting
on In life, you know, after all." '
"They— they guess \ something about
it, I expect, Frank. It's ,. not pleasant
for a man to be ashamed before .' his
own . children. . . And ; Miss . j Bllgh— I
thought she looked at me very queerly
at the funeral."
"You'll find, they'll be as : nice as pos
sible '» to you. The children ; won't un
derstand anything, and sure
to be on your. side. Women always are,
you know. They're : hot naturally, moral
— we've imposed.' It" on' them.X and they
always like to get an excuse for ap
proving, of the other thing."
■ Tom grew ■ savage. :
"I know what I've done, t but anyhow
I'm glad I don't think: as* you do."; -..'.
"Never ' mind my .- thoughts, i old * chap.
You go home to -your • kids," ' said
Caylesham cheerfully. " ;
. He was very" good-humored jover the
matter;* neither:" all" the* unnecessary
fuss nor Tom's ? aspersions 7 onT his* own "■
character 'and views • disturbed . him ) In
the least: and he did not leave Tom un-
til he had obtained -the assurance .that
he • desired.* This 'given;'- he J went off* to
hlsdub,\thanklng;heaven-that-he<:was
quit of a; very business.- '< If
he did his bad deeds without misgiving?
he did his good without arrogance ;; per-'
haps ■ they .were", nr/ti. numerous ". enough"
to give, that' feeling a plausible excuse
for' emergence. , . v . .".'.' ', \.r
> all !> right,"Jhejvrote to Mrs./Bpl-,
ton in reporting his success. J[ "I made
him promise* not ito be , an = ass. -, So you
cango off with Pattie with a' mind free
of care."/ Good^luck to you, and lots of
plunder'".'*.' '; ... •'._.] -.-::. ■-;:
\-Tbe immorahfrieridliness of? this .wish
for, her success'quite touched Mrs. Bol
ton. ' j^8ft3^fij||8gfeg9gftew{ia^ag£i-^ / r {*>~^.-.-
►"" "Frank's a really good-hearted-.fel
low," ■ she told : Miss as ! she
settled herself in /the it/alnand' started
on he^ journey,* the of which
it is not necessary to'follow. . .
For ; days:. Lucy and „ little ;yera had
crept fearfully, through the silent house,
knowing that a. dreadful thine had hap
pened,*} not L allowed ' to ; put I duestions.
and hardly daring to speculate about;it'
themselves. When Sophy began : to be
about again, pale and shaken, with: the
bandage still roun'dnei' head, she took
the lead as she's was .wont to ;do.\ and
her bolder mind fastened on : the change
in. the situation. There was no need
to be- afraid any more: that was the
great fact which came home to her. and
which she proclaimed to her sisters. It
might be proper to move quietly; and
talk low for a little while, but it wa3
a tribute to what was becoming, not
a sign of terror or a precaution against
danger. » It was Sophy tod who ven
tured to question Suzette. and^ to elicit
instructions as to their future" conduct.
They, were to think very, kindly •* of
mamma and love her memory. .-. said
Suzette, but they were not to talk about
her to papa when he came <" back." .< be
cause that would distress him. /.And
they were riot to ask him why he had
gone away, or where : he had ; been. . Of
course he hadihad business: and. any
how, little girls ought not to be inauisl
tlve. A question* remained in Sophy's
mLnd, and .was even canvassed in pri
vate' schoolroom consultations.. What
aboutthat portentous word which had
been whispered through the household—
what about the divorce?" None of them
found courage, to ■ ask' that, or oerhaDS
they had pity on poor . Suzette Bligh.
who was so terribly; uncomfortable un
der aheir questioning. 'At "any rate
nothing, more .was heard about the di
vorce, v. Since it had' appeared to : mean
that papa was to go away, and since he
was coming back now, -presuriiably :it
had been put on the shelf somehow. All
the . same,' (their, 1 sharp ..instincts Utold
them that : their father, would . not have
come .back unless ,'* their '" mother ,, had
died, and that he.was coming back now
—well,,; in assort of disgrace: -that 'was
how, they. put it in their thoughts.
; A'- committee consisting. of/Kate Ray
more, Janet Selford and John Fanshaw
(a , trustee under, the • Courtland-- mar
riage"-: settlement, ■-: and » so £ possessing : a
status); : had ' sat Ho V? consider f , Suzette
Bligh's- position: Suzette iovedithe'ehil-'
dren, and? It "would ; be . sad If v she had
to leave them;^moreover she", was. home
less, and a fixed % salary \ would '■> be : wel -
come to her. Lastly-^-and on:thls point
Janet Selford * laid • stress— she was not
exactly, a' girl ; r she ;,was ■■ Just on^; thirty. '<
John ' nodded ; agreement, " adding -T." that
nobody. outside of an asylum could con
nect scandal with ■ the ■ name 'of .: Suzette'
Bligh. • So s; it - was * decided r that — she
should '1 stay.'t for - the * present v f at r.-' all
events,' in the'eapacity^of companion or
eoverness. * The > children -wondered to
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY -GALIJ.
find : Suzette.- so ■ gently radiant and . af
fectionate • one - evening/*^ She';hadi not
told- them -of - the^doubt^iVhlchi .had
arisen," nor . how great , a ■ thing it .was'; to
her; to stay. ; They had : never i doubted
that I she ' would ' stay , with' them* no w.", T, '
• v it was late? one- afternoon iwhen'Tom
Courtland slunk home.!. He had sent no
word of his coming,' becausexhe did not
know * till- the ■, last ; minute whetheri he
would' have "courage to come;-"Then-he
had made - the plunge, ; given " uo • his
room at the club,; packed his lutreasre.
and left : it to ;be -called' for. But the
plunge was very; 'difficult to him—
so that 'his' .weak;will; would not have
faced : it , unless that other? door, atiMrs:
Bolton's had ,been;; firmly shut in < his
face. J He -■ was* uncomfortable -ft before
the; man •'/ who-; let "him ,in; . : hV was
wretchedly apprehensive of Suzette
Bligh and of the £ children.' He needed
— very ..badly jieeded-^aylesham at his
elbow^again,' to tell him '.'not'to"beVan
ass." ~But" Caylesham /had gone'back
tc» -employments i more 'congenial 'than
he ever ■ professed to - find .works'; of sbe
nevolence.- -Tom liadlto,- endure i.alone.
and-he- could j find* no, comfort:- Against
Harrfetr he could 'have i made < a r case^-a
very good case. In the' judgment of :half
the iworld; But-he seemed "to have no
excuse tc offer ; to v the little girls; - nor .
any,; plea = to meet the wondering dis
approbation of Suzette, Bllgh.' .
Ho was told that, the children were
in the schoolroom" with' Suzette, ; and
thither he bent his, steps, going slowly
and* indecisively. r He: stopped . outside
the door and listened. "He. could hear
Suzette's : mild voice; apparently she
was:reading. to.'.thern," for nothing ex
cept' the continuous -flow of s her" words
was audible; "and.- in. conversation she
was not so -loquacious as that. 1 .Well,
he ; must go In; perhaps it would be all
right when once ; the ice was broken.
H e opened " the door and stood on ■ the
threshold, <. blushing - like a schoolboy. ;..
, "Well,' my dears, here I am," he said.
"I've, i come home."
He caught Suzette's eye. She was
blushing.T.too,' blushing '-a' very . vivid
pink— rather- a foolish pink i somehow.
He . felt that both he and' Suzette were
looking. very ' silly. ;For : . quite a long
time,- as It" seemed, he looked at Su
zette' before he Uooked at the little
girls. After that there was,' or. seemed
to be, another]; long ; silence . while the
liltle girls looked first at. him, then
at Suzette, then ; at one* another. Tom
stopd there through- it all— in the door
way,': blushing- v : -'" ' -i ■■' •■••■'
, : The next moment ; all the three were
upon 'him, clinging -to- his hands I and
his coat, kissing^him,. crying f out Uhelr
gladness | in"> little'excited exclamations, 5
the two elder: taking care to give .Vera
a^ fair," .'chance •, to : get :at ' him,' Vera " in-"
sistirig that ! the was not: a' fair
one^alUtheithree.draggingihlnvto.an
armchair, ; and him down- in! it.
Two, 1 of ? ; them : : got' on ' his ' knees, -v and
•Lucy 'stood i" by his : side :.with' her arm
round; his neck. . • ' './;v.
' VMy? dears! '.' Tom muttered, arid
f cund ■; he > could : say \ no : morcvSSSgJSBHHI
;, Hisreyesv metiSuzette- Bligh's.. ■ She
was: standing | by.; the table,"-' looking on,'
and i her [eyes -were ; misty. " ;
;. i r "Seel how * they [ love/, you, ; Mr. ; Court
land!" 7 she said.W ;\ / ./
;,' Yes ! i!. And ' he , had forsaken them,'; and
the bandage ', was \ about Sophy's head. ;. ,
'.'■■' ''You '\ won't f. go 'I away -'.■> again,?-'-. will
you ?"« Implored Lucy. ;/. .- i * , ■
"No.M shan't^ go a way /again."
-"And^Suzette'll stay: too, won't she?"
urged -Vera.' *--■•■ . :,..■
-VI:hope!she will, indeed!"
: "You iwill^ Suzette?" - : v: ... ' .;•
VYes, . dear."
4"We i/shali ,<be ; happy." : said ; Sophy
softly,; with ; a ; note. of 1 in>her
voice. ■#**. V.'.'V ./. ''"■'-''■' .-'"■'•■'. '■ :i V.
• % It< really- seemed * strange , to have^the
prospect : of- being happy— permanently,
cnmfortably,,wlthout;fear;*. the- prospect
of '-happiness 'not; snatched 1 "at- Intervals,
notfbrokenl by terror,?. but secure arid
without iappreherislon.-- -'• • •
<■ • -.Tom 1 Courtland*;* pressed - his > * little
children'. to"'him.'VjWhere ".were the ,re-;
pvoaches he had ■ imagined, '.where, the
shame he ■ had feared? ' They were an
nihilated by : love and swallowed up in
gladness. :•■" ~-V*™~ "T"'
"« "We '\db love - you '"so!" ..whispered
Lucy.v,\-: " -. :.:.;■ ■- ,'■ .'^i7'l
Vera ? actually screamed in happiness.
,. '/'0h,; ; Vera!" said' Suzette, rather
shocked. •'■;'. .- .■'•••• ■ ■ . • ■ r .
iy That set -them all laughing, the little
girls, ' Tom,' presently even Suzette her
self. all "laughing, though
none: of them- could "have told exactly
why. ; * Their joy t bubble'd aver in' mirth;
and: the : sound of ; gladness : was in ; the
house." 'Tom Courtland held: his ", head
up and-iwas his own man again. Here
was? somethings to :liye for, and some
thing to show that even his broken, life
had not been lived in vain. The ghosts
of the past were there;' he could not
forget them. But the clasp of the warm
little, arms which 1 encircled him would
keep their, chilling touch away from his
heart.' Freed from torments that he
had v not 'deserved, rescued ', from pleas
ures that'he had not" enjoyed, he turned
eagerly ~ to the. delights of his home
•which could now be his. His; glad chil
dren and kindly Suzette were :a picture
very precious 'in "his; eyes." Here were
golden links by which the •■ fragments
of his life could be bound together,
though the fractures must always show
—even " as the scar would ; show always
on) Sophy's brow, however much r her
lips might smile or her eyes sparkle be
neath it. •> *. •>':'<•
..They were roused by a voice from the
door. -:'/: - . '
"It's not hard to tell where you 'all
are! Why, I* heard ; you at i the \ bottom
of the* stairs! What a hullabaloo!'* r ;
John: Fanshaw's 'bulky figure stood
there, solid and bowed with weight and
his growing: years. He • looked '. on ; the
scene^fbn i the happy! little'^ folk in their
gloomy, black frocks— with a - kindly
pmlle, and, the mock reproof of his tone
hid \ move -tenderness than ' he cared . to
fhow. , . •
'- "Papa's come, back— back to stay!"
they cried "exultantly." "Isn't that splen
did"; Mr. ; Fanshaw ?" , ,
- "I hoped I should find you here,* Tom;
but I came^to call on Miss Bligh. '>'
• " I ;' hope • you'll always 4 find j her , here,
too," said Tom. ;>; : ,
':v Suzette :. was i" flattered,- , and ;fell to
blushing '.iagaln^. -She..- «.was /acutely,
grateful Jto^" any body^who" wanted: her.
She : took', such a -desire -as ;a : free 'arid
lavish?, gift ,: of v kindness, never making ,
out i any reason which ■. could account
for it. .■;.■ \.-W' ••-•-•'•'.', - v v :•■ :U ■
'■ "I'm; only , too happy to stay : if — if I
can betof : any use,',.'- she; murmured: ' :
* 'John I sat Mown made :one;of 'the
party. .'They' all cheerfully
till > the'V hour.;^grew late." » Sophy,'?' 1 still
treated an' invalid * had i to 'go to bed.'
She 15 kissed t Jphn;c;who i held } her * closely p
for a*' moment; i . then i threw.: herself ] In'
Tom's* \ arms, < and - could hardly be * per-;
suadeditollet^hlm.go...: : . a :, .::.-.
..Vlfshall i, write .to ;- Mr.f Imasoh , and ,tell
hiirij you've; come t back,"/ she .whispered
as f a' great ■ secret, if "He '.was so kind to>
Lucy and Vera when— You know,
papa?"/
* Tom* passed hi s -hand ' over her flaxen
hair:. ' . ■ ■. ; - ■ - / •• — --• < ■
; ■; ."Sleep quietly,'- darling.*.' he said. For
quiet !and : peace '.were* possible now.
• .There ' had been no expectation that
Tonvrwould be s home * to ; dinner; and
though Suzette assured him that some
thing-could., easily be. prepared ,(and
that-homely sort of attention ,was,new
and .pleasant to 'Tom), he accepted
John Fanshaw's invitation to , take pot
luck wltjr him. They walked off to
gether,-rather silent, each full of his
own thoughts. They did not speak un
til "they "had almost " reached John's
door. '
•."That's the sort of sight, that makes
a man wish he had children," said John
slowly..
'"I'.ve often wished I had none. Poor
Harriet!" _,
"But you're glad of them, now?"
"Why, I've nqthing else! "It just
makes • the difference to life." He
paused a moment, and then broke out:
"And they've nothing but love' for me.
Not a word, not a thought of reproach!
Just because. I've 1 never been -cruel to
them, whatever else I've been! Poor
little beggars. We can't keep like that
when ;\ve' grow up. We're too fond of
our grlevdteces, eh ?"
. John I looked fat him for a moment,
but said nothing. They went into the
house in renewed ' silence. . It seemed
very large, 'empty and dreary.
•"Your wife not back yet? I heard
she' was staying with the Imasons."
•'She's there 'still. I don't know
when she's coming back."
"Rather dull for you. Isn't It? You
know you always depended on her a
lot." SStfHBSaKBBBHHHi
John made no answer, but led the
way into his study. -He gave, Tom an
evening paper, and began to open hia
letters. But his thoughts were not on
the letters. They were occupied with
what he had seen taat afternoon ana
Avith 'the words which had fallen from
Tom Courtland's lips. The children
forgave, with that fine, free forgiveness
which -will: not even recognize the need
?or itself or the. existence of any fault
toward v/hich it should be exercised.
It is there that forgiveness rises to and
is merged in love. But when people
grow up. Tom had said, they are too
fond of their grievances. John had
been very fond j of his grievance. It
was a fine large one — about the
largest any man could have; every
body must admit that; and John l\ad
declined to belittle it or to shear off
an inch of its imposing stature. All
itT demanded he had given. But had
he? -What about Frank .Caylesham'a
money? Had it not demanded there
something which he had refused? But
he- had. given all it asked so far as the
sinner who had; caused it was con
cerned. Against' her he had nursed
and cosseted it; for its sake he had
made hfs home desolate and starved
his heart. Aye, he had always de
pended on Christine! Tom was
right. But because of his grievance
he "had put her from him. He v.-as
fond of his grievance Indeed! If Tom's
children had been old enough to
recognize the " true value and pre
ciousness . of a big grievance, they
would never have received Tom as
they had that afternoon; they would
have. made him feel what he had been
guilty of. He would have been made
to: feel it handsomely before he was
forgiven. Children were different, as
.Torn Courtland said.
John got' up and poked the fire
fiercely. - . -
"The house is beastly cold!" he
grumbled.
• "Ah, it wouldn't be. if Mrs. John
was v at home!" laughed Tom. "She
always looks after the fire, doesn't
she?"
' John Fanshaw bitterly envied . him
•his peace -and happiness. He forgot
how hardly they had been achieved.
The : vision of the afternoon was be
fore his' eyes, and .he declared that
fate " was : too kind to' Tom. A heavy
dullness, was over his -face, and a
forlorn' puzzled look in his eyes. He
must .have : done" right.! he must be
doing ; right! : How. could a self-re
specting man do otherwise? And yet
' he was so desolate, so starved of hu
man love,, in the end so full of. long
ing ■ for Christine— for her gracious
presence 'and her dainty little ways. •
* With an effort he recollected his*
'thoughts . from these .wanderings, and
began to read his letters. Tom was
still occupied with his *paper and his
cigar; but he" looked up at the sound
of an "Ah!" which escaped from
John's lips. John had come on a let
ter which set his thoughts going
again— a letter from Sibylla. She up
braided him playfully for not having
come down to see them and Christine.
' "I'm sure Christine roust be hurt
with you, though she's much too
proud to say so. We want to keep
her. over Christmas. Will you some
as soon as you can and stay over
Christmas and as long as possible?.
-I've not. told her I'm asking you, so
that she mayn't be disappointed if you
can' f come." . -JHSMSBB
. There -was diplomacy ( in Si
bylla>-.' letter.' since she knew
the" state, of the case far
better than. her references to Chris
tine, implied. .,'
. But John'was not aware of this. His
attention : was fixed only on the Invita
tion' and o/n- the circumstances in
which .itrcaihe. He could not go to
Milldean and take his grievance with
himritwas too big and obstrusive for
other people's houses — It could flour
ish properly only in a domestic tete-a
tete. So he must stay at home. He
sighed "as '■ he laid' "down the letter.
Then his fingers wandered Irresolutely
to it again as he looked across at Tom
Courtland,. who had now ceased read
ing and was smoking with a quiet
smile on his face. :
"Anything old fellow?" asked
Tom, noting the gravity of his expres
sion. - .
"No. It's only, from Mra. Imason,
asking me to go down there at Christ
mas."
"You go!" counseled Tom. "Better
than bringing your wife back here."
..'S There was a third course—^the
course favored by the grievance/John
did. not speak of it. but it wan present
in his thoughts. He shook his head
impatiently and began to talk of gen
eral-topics; but all the evening
Sibylla's letter was in . mind, ranging
itself side by side with the scene which
he' had" witnessed at .Torn Courtland's.
. gloomy idol he had set up in his
heart' was not yet cast down. But the
little .hands of the children had given
its pedestal a shake.
CHAPTER XXVI.
The Great Wrong.
r , f.The" Rayrnores were lodging over the
postofBce : at Milldeani in the rooms
once occupied by/the curate. v The new
curate did not need them; he was stay
ing at the rectory, arid meant, after his
marriage with .Dora Hutting, to build
himself .".a house,/ go on being
curate "arid ultimately,' be rector." He" had
a .well-to-do father, who had - bought
the advowson 'for. him as a wedding
p'resent: : ,Hi3 path 'in ; life • was clear,
visible f to .. the very end, , and entirely
peaceful-sunless Dora .decided other
%vise.; So the .rooms- came in handy
for - . the ■ Raymores, ; : ~~ and it. suited
Jeremy's .inclination*- and leisure to
stay" the Awhile ' with * his ■ sister • on - the
hill. A He; had ' bit 'of work to finish
down at T Milldeari7*while*the*Ra'ymore3
were- there.' However^ assiduous 'you
may be, i loye-riiaking in London- is
'liabje" to'-iriterfuptloh;<it;must':be ; t6 a
certain "degree j spasmodic ' thereT-^busi
ness,*-; society and such "like trifles keep
breaking* in. . A^cTear week in the
country ...will do
thought ? Jeremy, arid^it was,,his"bril
liant^ suggestion which brought the
Raymores to Milldean for a month.
What more obvious, since Charley was
to- land at Fair haven- and to stay a
month in England?- Spend that month
in London, where things interrupted
and people started and- old-time talk
was remembered? No! Kate Ray
more jumped at the idea that this
wonderful, month should 'be spent In
the country, in quiet and seclusion,
among old friends whose lips would
b*» .guarded, whose looks friendly,
whose hearts in sympathy. BEM3
When Jeremy made this arrange
ment—so excellent _«t one that
he may . be pardoned for al
most forgetting the; selfish side of It
he had .not failed to remember Dora
Hutting. There had always been alter
native .endings to that story. Jeremy's
present scheme was a variation from
both of them. None the less, he had
come decidedly to prefer it to either.
But. he had not '• allowed for the pres
ence-of the curate: and this circum
stance, casually brought to his knowl
edge by Grantley Imason'on the even
ing of his arrival, had rather disturbed
him. There was another feature In the
case for which he was quite unpre
pared. The name of the curate was a
famous one — actually famous through
the length and breadth of the land!
This was rather, a staggerer for Jere
my, who might deride but could not
deny the curate's < greatness. Certain
forms of glory may appeal more to one
man than to another, but all are glori
ous. The curate was' Mallam of Som
erset.
"The Mallam?" asked Jeremy.
"Yes, the Mallam," said Grantley,
gravely.
''By Jove!" Jeremy murmured.
"I think you ought to forgive her."
Grantley suggested. "He's played twice
for England, you know, and made a
century the. first time."
"I remember." Jeremy acknowledged,
looking very thoughtful.
This was quite a different matter
from the ordinary curate. Ritualistic
proclivities, however obnoxious to Jere
my in their essence^ became a pardon
able eccentricity in a. man whose solid
reputation had been won in other
fields.
It was not surprising that Dora car
ried her head very high, or that the
cool politeness of her bow relegated
Jeremy to a fathomless oblivion. Know-
Ing the ways of girls and reluctantly
conscious of Mr. Mallam's greatness —
conscious, too. perhaps, that his own
riches and fame were not as yet much
in evidence — he was prepared for that.
But, alas. Charley was a cricketer, too.
and had Infected Eva with his enthusi
asm for the game. She was quite ex
cited about Mallam. Jeremy did not
appreciate this feeling as generously as
he might have; yet Eva made no at
tempt to % conceal it. She rather em
phasized'it; for she had. come to the
stage when she sought defenses. Af
ter the first eager spring to meet the
offered and congenial love there comes
often this recoil. The girl would have
things stay as they are, since they are
very pleasant, and the next step is
into the unknown. She loves delay,
then, and, since the man will not have
it for its owai sake (not knowing its
sweetness nor the fear that aids its
charm) she enforces it on him by
trickery and makes him afraid of los
ing the draught altogether by Insist
ing on. his sipping it at first. She will
use any weapon in this campaign, and
an ardent admiration for Mr. Mallam
was a very useful weapon to Eva Ray
more. She said more than once that
she considered Dora Hutting a very
lucky girl. She thought Dora must be
charming, since Mallam, was in love
with her. She held Mallam to be very
handsome and refused to believe — well,
that his. talent was so highly special
ized as Jeremy tried to persuade her in
words somewhat less gentle than these.
Jeremy's knowledge of girls gave out
before this unexpected call upon It. He
recollected how Dora had served him.
and how Anna Selford had trifled with.
Alec Turner. He- grew apprehensive
and troubled — also more a'nd more. In
love. He forecast . complicated tragre
dies, and saw Mallam darkening his
,life wherever he turned." -But the Wo
men understood— Kate Raymore. Chris
tine, even Sibylla. They glanced at one
another and laughed among 'them
selves. They were rather proud of
Eva, who plaved their sex's game so
well.
"Thank goodness she's learned to
flirt!" said Christine. "A woman is no
where without that, my dear, and I
don't care whether she's married or
not."
"She just adores Jeremy," Kate as
sured Sibylla. "Only men can't see,
you know."
Sibylla laughed. She understood now
— better than in the day3 when she her
self was wooed: But she blushed a lit
tle, too, which was strange, unless, per
chance, she found some parallel to
Eva's conduct which she was not in
clined to discuss with her friends. Jer
emy was not the only man who went
courting just now in Milldean. Nor was
Kate Raymore the only woman- whose
heart expected a wanderer home, and
trembled at the Joy of a long-desired
meeting. The period or Mrs. Mumple's
expectation was almost done. . In two
or three weeks she was to go on a jour- ■
ney; she would come back to Old Mill
House not alone: The nouse was swept
and garnished, and Mrs. Mumple had a
new silk gown. The latter she showed
to Kate — and a new bonnet, too, which
was a trifle gayer than her ordinary
wear; it had a touch of youth about It.
Mrs. Mumple knew very well who was
the best person to show these treasures
to, who the best listener to her specu
lations as to the manner of that meet
ins. And she. ■ in turn, was eager to
listen to Kate when the news came
that .Charley's ship was to-be In quite
soon. Kate could. not say much about
that to anybody except to Mrs. Mum
ple; but she was sure that Mrs. Mum
ple would understand.
When on the top of all this came the
announcement that Dora Hutting's
wedding was fixed for that day three
weeks. Christine Fanshaw was moved
to protest. - - .
"Really, Grantley," ahe exclaimed,
"this village is a center of love-mak
ing, of one sort or another!"
"All villages are," said Grantley.
suavely tolerant, "or they couldn't go
on being villages. It's life or death to
them, Christine." •
"That's a contemptible evasion. The
atmosphere is horribly sentimental. I
don't think I'm in sympathy with it at
all."
"Don't talk to me, then," said Grant
ley.' "I like it, i you know. Oh. you
needn't fret, my dear friend! There's
been lots of trouble— and there'll be lots
more." 9"94
"Yes, trouble — and- hatred, too?"
"Oh, well, suppose we suppose there
.won't be that?" he suggested. "But
the trouble, anyhow." . '. . \o
"Then everybody oughtn't to pretend
that there won't! The way people talk
about marriages is simply hypocrisy."
"When the bather is on the bank, it's
no moment for remarking that the
water is cold. And the truth Is in our
hearts all the time. Am I likely to for
get it, for instance? Or are. you likely
to forget poor old Tom and that un
happy woman?"
"Or am I likely to forget myself?"
Christine murmured, looking out of
the window. As she looked. Dora
passed by, and broad-shouldered
young Mallam with her. "Oh. bless the
children!" she said, laughing.
"It doesn't do, though, to be too
knowing— too . much up to, all nature's
little tricks," Grantley went on, as he
came and stood beside her. "We
oughtn't tb give the old lady away. She
seems a bit primitive in her methods
sometimes.^ but. if we don't interfere,
she usually , gets there < In the end.' But
we mustn't -find out all her secrets." -
.(Concluded Next ' Sunday.)f~y ol. shang w. mow-
I / LETT, the editor of the
I / •) county paper, while out for a day
VL/ among; his subscribers, halted at the
V. house of Old Limuel Jucklin. He had
time to stop only for a few moments,
he said; a delinquent tax list demanded his
attention at home, and as his "patent side" had
not yet been reclaimed from the merciless maw
of the express office, nothing: toward the printing
of his next number could be done until after his
return to town.
And after sitting a long time it seemed as if he
were about to so. He took up his hat and had
made a motion to put it on his head when his atten
tion was seized upon by the rattle of dishes in the
dining-room, Just across the broad passage-way «in the
north section of the old log house. It is of no doubt
that the embryo crowing of a half-feathered domi
pecker had appealed to the scribe to break his journey
in the hope of breaking his fast at the hous.- of his
"constant reader," and as he drove into the yard he was
seen to cock his eye at a Plymouth Rock pullet.
But as the hours wore hungrily along he saw no signs
of dinner. In no seeming fear, of danger the chickens
walked about the yard. And from the window, where
a perfumed breeze murmured music amid the tendrils
of a trumpet vine, the editor looked across a corner of
the garden into a lot where in the sunshine sucking pigs
Just big enough if roasted lo hold crab apples in their
mouths, were tumbling over one another.
Xot with an extra effort of memory was it that the
newspaper man recalled the fact that his pre-dayli-ht
breakfast had consisted mainly of sodden cakes and
extreme hurry. It was fresh in his mind as he heard
the "pot rack, pot rack," of a guinea hen. But with
the air of vital concern he talked on* the condition of
the country and of foreign probabilities. He didn't
load down his speculative mind with what had taken
place. That would have been a matter of mere in
dustry. It lay within the keen province of his vision
to discover what might be done if such and such should
happen. If a certain prime minister should resign,
or if the emperor should so far forget himself as to
say so and so in his coming speech, why it was clear
that this, that and the other would happen. And Old
Lim agreed that it was no doubt true.
The sun lost its balance and slipped over into the
afternoon, the waring vine at the. window sifted a
softer light, and still there was no call from pot or
pan. So at last, the editor arose and was about to
put his hat on his head, when there came from
the dining-room the rattle of dishes. Then he hesi
tated, turned about an if he had just thought of a
wise thing to say, and sat down.
"I reckon a cat must have run over the table"
said old Lim. and Shang W. Mowletfs heart beat
low in despair. v
"Sorry, colonel, you didn't come a little
earlier. Reckon you seen some of them
pigs out there. Had one of thr~
V-rothers roasted to a fall of the
year brown, and ." The editor
grabbed out his handkerchief and
wiped his mouth. . Old Lim con- c
tinued: "And I had some early
rose potatoes as pink-eyed as one
of these— the Albunflns— is that
what you call 'cm?"
Albinos," drawled the editor.
les, that* It; seen one in the
side show when the cirkis came to p U rdy And
I had some of the best corn bread I reckon you £ver
saw-made cut of this pearl corn. Hard! Why you
could have a grain of It set and wear it : "
for a breast pin. Along with it all. too
was a yaller pitcher full of buttermilk
brought from the spring hon*».
and—"
'Tv« got to go." the editor, ex
claimed, jumping up and clapping
his hat on his head.
"Wait a minlt and let me tell you
about it Set down." and the old
man shoved the editor back into his
chair. "And I do reckon I had some of the best sparrer grass that ever
growed outen the ground, and these little brownish redishes that look
like a rusty-coat apple. Haungry! Why, colonel, I never was haungryer
in my life. And Susan, my wife." she kept of a sayin', 'Do have another help
to the pig/ and — well. I eat enough to last me for a week. I reckon you are
that way, too. Folks must bring you thousands of things- — these here women
that write; don't care much for suthin' to eat themselves and fetch it to you.
Tou may not make as much money as a county judge, but I take it you live
oflfn the fat of the land. So you think that if this here prime preacher
resigns — "
"Prime minister," continued the editor.
' "Ah, hah.. And you think if he resigns and the Emperor ketches cold
WHEN MAX WILTED
By A. M. Davies-Ogden
THE big, flower-filled drawing-room
was brilliant with afternoon sun
! shine. Through the open window
I came the sound of the trot of
horses' feet as they passed on
the broad **Unter den Linden." Ran-,
some Prentice looked about him with a
sigh of satisfaction. It was good to be
back in Berlin. Then he smiled at the
girl .who was handing him a cup of
tea. .
"So here I am at last," he said. "And,
now,' tell me the news. .You left Anier
ica bo suddenly that I had no chance
to come and bid you goodby. How do
you like your elevation • to the , rank of
Embassador's daughter? , And has any
thing exciting happened so far? You
see, I had to follow Just to hear.it all."
The girl hesitated, playing, with the
spoons on the dainty .tea table. . ,
"There is not much to tell," she-an
swered slowly. "And yet there is , one
thing," glancing across at him. "I
think you will be pleased, as it is large-
ly due to • your instrumentality. I
should never have — have known him so
quickly, had it not been that,': owing
to your old friendship, I : already felt
as if he were no stranger when we met.
Of course you can guess whom I mean.
It is not announced yet, .but I am going
to marry Max von -Witzleben."
The man's cup clattered In its saucer.
But the next afternoon, seated in the
box of honor In the big open-air arena,
Miss Freeman appeared to have quite
regained her; normal £ spirits, chatter
ing gayly with both men. Von Witzle
ben,. precise, "neat, "with parted hair
and pointed mustache. Bat on her right
and the girl glanced critically from his
somewhat ■ impassive " face to that I of
the American, -with its keen dark eyes
and steady, clean-cut , mouth: The
study/, of the , two men" was f more
absorbing , than the. show. r Her 1 at
tention -. had . wandered from, the -• ring,
and the' flourish of trumpets, -which
heralded the Deadwood coach,. caused
her to start. The next moment a man
pushed his way '■ to their box and
bowed. '
THE SAN . FRANCISCO" SUNDAY" CALI];
"Colonel * Cody ; would be, honored - it
any American. Embassador's guests
would -wish to ride; in, .the Dead wood
coach," , the - man . suggested' courteous
ly, y Miss ; Freeman in : Budden mischief
looked" at ;her c fiance/; ....
''Thank, you, we shall be.glad-to ac
cept,"; she ; said : to I the :; man , who < still
stood/; hat i in ; hand, ; /awaiting/ her^de
ci8ir/n: ;."If you are afraid, prayv remain
here," '\ she i added '■■•_ defiantly ., to ;Von
Witzleben. ."Will. you come,' Ransome ?V
"But^" began he.\, One 'glance at her
set- mouth; showed theifutility of remon
strance.^'And 1 wherever : she ; called ; he
• would follow, ! be . the ; consequences what
. they might4-In' silence; he. let her pre-
JOTTINGS
OF OLD LIM
JUCKLIN
cede > him ■ doxi the ) steps, , Von Witzle
ben bringing V up '," a.' sullen ' : rear. ; The
f rauleln ' left behind ; wept in ; unheeded
protest.;
; It was hot .until : the coach had fair
ly started- that Miss , Freeman " realized
all that she . had brought upon 1 herself.
From her i childhood "she 5 had J always
detested J firearms. ; And * these '■ pursu
ing . Indians! : , ;; But" : without .flinching
she: bore 'It 'all; -the crack 'of rifles,*, the
smoke which choked • eyes : and \ mouth,
the -fiendish 'yells.' ;" Then, all 'at; once
she } became "conscious ,'that \ the ■ coach
was swaying ; and ~ bumping ; strangely.
*A'i man' sitting opposite her suppressed
an 'bath.. ' . , *
: - j..->C snecsps before break
fast there'r likely to be
rain in northwest town
ship, range east. Looks that
way to me. foo: and I reckon
I'll have to make my pripara
tlons accordin*. But, speakin' of
J breakfast, there ain't nothln' nicer,
to my notion, than a piece of roast
ed pig, with the brown crust on It,
briled on the coals. Oh, I hear of
folks that for breakfast eat hot milk
and doll stuffln*. but that don't touch
the spot where I live. Now a right nice
yaller-leg chk-kon, a leetle. more than
half gTOwn, snatched off'n the face of. the
earth and fried before he knows what's
the matter with him — he's some, I want
to tell you. Made up your mind ylt as to
who is to be the next President? But I
reckon you've been so busy you hain't paid
much attention to it. This here social life,
too, keeps you on the trot a good deal. I
reckon. And dinners, too: you have to go
to them: and they eat dinners now In the
night, I'm told. I like 'em best when the
• sun gits Jest about as high as it kin, but
the, time don't make so much difference as
what they have to eat. Sorry my wife
P ain't at home. She could skeer up a bite
sfor you. She got my dinner as quick as she
• could and hurried over to one of the neigh
bors where the old, maid school teacher
ain't expected to live till sun down. Nearly
all the women folks in the neighborhood
are flockin' over there, and I reckon they'll
have a good time. The old maid was en
gaged to be married and that makes her
death all the more Interestin". Don't rlcol-
Iect when old Dorb Sevien died, do you?
I set up with him all the night afterward,
and along, about twelve o'clock old Aunt
Judy, that worked there, skeered us up
about as good a snack as I ever eat. Some
peem^to forgit that folks get hungry, but
void Aunt Judy wa'n't one of that kind
She had a way of fryin' hominy in ham
gravy that would make a saint pop hi3
mouth like a bull whip. I eat and eat
well, I jest eat till I forgot all about Old
Dorb. in the next room. He was mighty
fond of cards, and Bill Atcherson 'lowed
that he was a lyin* there a waiting for
the last ti amp. ' Now, Bill, he's mon
> st'us fond of good things to eat. Tuther
day he brought me about as fine a mess of
! young rquirrels as I ever set down to. Pried
*em in the lard out of a mast-fed hog. And
that reminds me. Is there anything sweeter
than a chinqupin ham? Jest take and b'il it
In cider about four days old and — I tell you
thenyou've got suthin* to smack your mouth
The editor got out of his chair. "Mr. Juck
lin. I've stayed too long already, and must go."
"Don't you do It. My work's putty well up
and I've got nothln' to do but sit here and talk
And ns for you — you don't need to look at a
wetch nor the sun when it's slantln' toward the
west. They say that time was made for slaves
and if you over was a slave you were set free
Jig ago. Sit down — just a minlt. I'll give you
piece of news you can print In your paper "
And. forcing the editor to sit down, he con
tinued: '-H' don't reckon you hearn of what hap.
pened over at Old Gr^oggin's. "Well, Groggln's daue 7
ter, Tilly, as likely a girl as you'd* meet in a day's
travel, of a Sunday when folks are goln* to chu-ch
J{ook:up a notion that she was in love with a long'
• lank feller that come down the river on a raft and
stopped at Mpseley/s place. Now whuther or no*, the
logs belonged to him don't enler into the story At *nv
rate, he sold 'em. and the first thing he done was to give
a dinner in the woods, and the most urgent invite was
sent to Tilly Groggin. He had seen her somewhere, no
matter where, and so, along with a number of others she
went. And it was a barbecue, mind you. Thev roasts
sheep_ whole and— wait a mlnit— an* ducks, too; and he
had about two barrels of shell oysters that were brought
in right fresh, and they roasted them on hot coals and—"
"But what happened? I'm In a hurry."
"Happened? You Je*t wait a minlt. By the time dinner
was ready everybody was haungry, and the long, lank fellow
Jhe takes up a. knife about as long as a scythe and beginsTo
carve a mutton, and the brown juice began to run out and—"
; ■ . Turn me loose," exclaimed the hungry man. "I've rot to rn
I tell you." B K °»
3 " 8 !^ * ha t moment old Mrs. Jucklln appeared at the door
"Why. howdy do, Colonel Mowiett. When Limue I *»*n -?£,
:comin' he told me not- to have dinner till he said so and I don't^o^
what he meant by it unless It was one of his own sort of jokes but Z
/you must be hungry by this time you'll please walk out" JOKes> Dut M
The colonel looked at Lim and the old man shouted and the am \*a
said: "Limuel. you ought to be 'shamed of yo^urseif » 'optV t?V In dy
(Copyrighted. 1904. by Ople Read.) *
"I told Bill to - exercise them
horses.'V he muttered. "And this
blamed .'ring has mighty short cor
ners. - You better hold on tight," he
added, to the,. girl, "if this rickety old
thihg'dbes break loose or turn over- — "
expressively. Miss Freeman felt her
heartbeats -quicken. There was dan
ger then, real danger. From the box
came, the driver's, voice in frantic, ab-
Jurgation > to the now thoroughly
frightened ' : animals. Miss Freeman
turned . toward • Von Witzleben.*, - . .
- '-■■."Max;" \ she whispered. But the
German,- his 'face ashy, his .eyes fixed
and staring, sat with strained fingers
clutching at the 'wooden door. He
had 'quite forgotten the -girl. A little
sob broke from her parted lips. Were
they," going; to die? A strong hand
closed over - hers;" and, opening her
eyes through ■ the smoke she i saw, Ran
some. -steady, . calm * : self-controlled. '■
"We "shall pull through all right."
he ' sard. VDon't be frightened.' dear."
The, girl, conscious only of the word
which" had slipped ■; inadvertently from
his lips, caught her breath in the sud
.den';shocks .of 'the , great .. revelation.
Ransome loved her. Ransome!
All at once she comprehended why
it was that she had hesitated to an
nounce her engagement until Ran
some should learn of it. why it was
that she had Judged Von Witzleben
from Ransome's . standpoint rather
than her own, appreciated that it had
been the fact of his intimacy * with
Ransome which had been his chief at
traction. , And how near she had been
to never knowing." Now. at last, in
this supreme moment, she grasped
the truth, knew that even as Ransome
loved her. so she /loved him. And
whether, death or life lay before them
with that knowledge . in her heart
that touch on her hand, she was con
tent.
And then with one strong, mighty
pull from above, the horses trembled
down to quiet. - _ »
For a day or so the Berlin papers
were rather sharp in their criticism of
the. girl' who had rendered herself so
conspicuous. No equally well-born
German would ever have done
such a thing, they declared. But Miss
Freeman, utterly glad in her new
found happiness, only smiled in undis
turbed thankfulness./yOME to think of it Morgan
I / City. La., wasn't so much since
I/} I ha<1 talked three days on a
diet of gingerbread and rain
water to get there. As related
in the last chapter, my- watch and
trunk were In hock at New Orleans,
and I had strolled away from that
town more to elude a menu of cast-off
bananas than anything else. Also, I
desired a change of scene, clothing,
money, work, friends and a few other
trifles a soft-boiled brat deen»ed use
ful In hts business.-
At Morgan City a line of vessels
running to Vera Cruz. Mex., and Gal*
veston connected with the Morgan
Railroad, which I had hoofed a dis
tance of ninety miles. There was one
steamer in the harbor, the Whitney,
A LITTLE TALK ON "TAKING IT EASY"
IT may not be so hard as at first
appears, but it can be cultivated
until it becomes a part and parcel
of one's being, and the sweet it
brinpp win more than compensate
for the time and trouble in the effort of
fif-lf-rontrol..
It is not true that people cannot over-^
com" traits that are seemingly heredi
tary. The well-balanced mind may dis
rover such propensities even when
quite young, and -If the effort is then
begun earnestly, the traits supposed to
be inherited can be either entirely erad
icated or so completely nullified as to
be incapable of harm to others.
Ugly dispositions, disagreeable little
ways are often excused under the plea
of "getting it honestly" from cither a
father or mother, which gives a. certain
license to allow full swing to a nasty
manner that causes more than one
heart to ache. The very fact that a
man or woman realizes sufficiently well
that he or Ehe is indulging the repre
hensible characteristics of either father
or mother is a sufficient guarantee that
no pains are taken fo correct the fault;
FABLES FOR THE FOOLISH
ON AND OFF THE BREAD WAGON
BEING HARD LUCK TALES AND DOINGS OF AN AMATEUR HOBO
bound for Vera Cruz, and she only
awaited a flash -at me, before making
an auspicious and dignified start. A
huge affair was the Whitney, wide
and flat, with a walking beam engine
— -one of these river relics that burn,
blow up or sink as a side issue to Sun
day school excursions. With vague
ideas of what might be doing, I
limped aboard and asked the first
man for a job.
This large, hairy person bossed the
genteel pastime of lowering freight
into the forward hatch and swearing
in a florid style of his own. When I
spoke about bounding . away on the
laughing billows with him he regard
ed me hopefully and wanted to know
if I had a pair of scissors. I said I
had not. : - <
"Because If you had you might get
a berth down below trimming coal."
he said.
on the contrary, it is nursed and in
dulged in whenever an excuse may be
found for being disagreeable.
The -mother whose temper makes a
household unhappy should be an object
lesson to her children to avoid such
ebullitions in their own homes later by
cultivating a manner that will bring
happiness and obviate the scenes that
clouded their own childhood. The wo
man whose mother was exacting and
inconsiderate can use her own percep
tions and know that by watching her
own conduct she may correct the faults
that made her childhood so unhappy.
There is nothing like taking life easy,
to cultivate the calm that keeps a
course of plain calling. A guard over
one's temper, for which there often is
neither rhyme nor reason, or if there
be, it is of a nature so trivial as' far
from justifies the outburst.
Excessive emotion of any kind is a
dreadful strain on one's vitality, ex
hausting it in a way that is more diffi
cult -f recuperation than one is prone
to suppose. The reaction of an out
burst of this nature occasions a mental
strain that results in physical collapse
THE laws that govern the action
of human gratitude are among
the hidden things of nature,
along with the name .of the man
*vho stole Charley Ross, the identity of
the pernicious man who assaulted Wil
liam Patterson , and the man who in
vented the Panama hat. Only one
thing is certain, and > that is that
mighty few of us are e*ver grateful for
that for which we should give thanks
and that we will all go out of our way
to express our appreciation of the man
who stands us up for our week's salary
and calls it giving us a good time.
There is the historic case of Miss Cas
sandra, who put in her time - going
around the hotels and cafes of ancient
Troy informing the people that the
country was going Democratic at the
next election. Instead of taking her at
her word and seeing to it
that, the Judges of election were
properly apprised of. their du
ties, they chased the young lady out
of town, passed, resolutions of confi
dence in the administration and let
themselves be skinned in the first horse
trade that came their way.
We all know cases of this kind where
people have gone out of their way to
take a crack at the friends who were
giving them good advice, at the same
time turning over their check' book's to
the green goods man in perfect confi
dence in his intention to do them good.
Almost any member of the fallible hu
man race would do as an , illustration
of this profound truth^ but for purposes
of convenience we shall select one par
ticular man whom we will label Smith.
Smith . is a , safe name, because" when
you gay insulting things about the
bearer of it you hit so many heads that
no one is likely to. feel called upon, to
hit'back. Therefore ;we : shall proceed
to take a little fall out. of; Smith. '
When Smith' was "young and, as. yet
untutored ih" the ways of the wicked
world he had condescended to accept a
little timely assistance from ' a certain
offspring" of .-wealth ; who ; had been J>orri
with a /whole set, of rsiiyerware.in a his
mouth and was spending! most of his
time trying - to give - the : truck away.
"Maybe I can borrow a pair from
the other fellows," I ventured, "and
if: you'll show me how. to get down
there I'll try." .... « ~ , ,
That subtle seaman; pointed out an
iron ladder leading into the lurid bow
els of" the ship, and I was making for
it when a young man in a blue. cap,
probably a freight clerk, headed me
off. • , ?
"Don't try It, sonny," he cautioned.
"That, place would kill- you.' -Nothing
but niggers can stand the fire room
See the steward. He might fix you.'' M
'I did see the steward, a fat negro re
sembling Billv Rice In stage make-up,
and he fixed me plenty. The steamer
was due to sail In an hour or so with
200 cabin passengers. Seven of the ten
epon waiters had •: struck ■ and g gone
ashore because they didn't esteem the
Hon.-Blliy, promoted to chief steward
from among their ranks on the previ
ous trip. Kach of the malcontents
thought he should have won the epau
lets. In a tempest of rage,,, grief and
mortification the blighted seven jumped
the 'ship, and, moreover, they boy
cotted Billy Rice so that all well-dis
posed coons affiliated with the j Food
Passers' Union kept away from the
usurper in the hour of his greatest
need. ' ; . ■ :
• The idea of putting to ; sea with the
three black dubs who struck handling
the' table service foi^ 200 people filled
the mind of Billy Rice "with frightful
forebodings. He would look worse than
the steward on a sampan, arid" Billy
knew it. So he fell upon my neck as
the savior of hip; reputation when I
said I could handle more cooked grub
than any six men, white : or black. /It
was necessary to .tell Billy something
cf a «heering nature in order, to. debut
as the only white Food Passer sailing
in those troubled waters.
Under^certain stress a fellowls justi
fied in lying, if only for a mere matter
of self-preservation. It- was imperative
the 'WTiitney should gotq sea^ I had.to
go eotneivhere, and, as we needed one
another in our business, what . Avas
more natural than \ that the . ; Whitney
and- 1 should form a diplomatic al
liance? And yet I wan a hollow mock
ery; or. to put it even 1 stronger,' an
empty fraud about to bunko a confld
inR steamboat. - ; ,- :. .;
In a hazy sort of^wav I understood
the duty required, of me was tOidaMy
with real victuals, and I was willing to
learn all over aprain. Mr. Rice .was top
absorbed In his own troubles, to take
much>notice of .my general-; fuzzy,
sleeping-out, rained : on, "flea-bitten,
half-starved aspect until the j steamer
was well down the bay.^Billy, then gave
me a lovely wbite Jacket that: buttoned
sometimes little understood by the per
son most concerned.- ;".,'"• , '";,...
The head and the stc-mach are -often
twt? ends of a lever that balance untj aii
other perfectly if the calm is 'sustained,
but the moment that the mental pendu=
lum swings too far on eitherjKlde^that
moment. the physical machinery is'disr
arranged
People with ungovernable tempers are
nearly always ,•„ hopeless .".dyspeptic*
wrecks,, which goes to prove the theory.'-.
They blame their, irritability" on.'th^
poor overworked -stomach; -when .that'
organ would do Its •duty,.: In ... a [; happy
and" effective Christian manner.*- if tha'
mental balance did not upset It on all T
qccasion,s by its hasty and ungovern- ■.
able rages.
A large percentage of- dyspepsia can
be traced directly to temper .'• that ; is
given free rein.- If the temper '.were';
brought under control in the beginning'
the dyspepsia Mould hardly obtain. the
awful hold that gripes the vitals and
robs its victim of ■ every joy In life.
You will rarely find one possessed of ,
a good, calm disposition ; a martyr to
the throes that only the dyspeptic
knows anything about.
Of course, . over-indulgence in rich
food may very naturally overwork 'the
physical organization, but, granting all .
Smith was having a pretty tough time His wife's, cousin blew in one stormy time looking for convenient places to
of it getting up the first few rounds day and announced his intention of set- butt in.^No matter what the need was,
in the exceedingly slippery ladder- of ting up in business in a small way for anything from a load of coal for a
fame and fortune, and the boost that himself if he could only find some one freezing family to the capital for the
the scion of plutocracy gave him. went who was willing to be parted from a- establishment of an enterprise for iri
a long way toward putting him at the small bunch of money for a short time, creasing the amount of fleece to be ob
tcp. For a wonder Smith felt some Smith promptly Informed the young talned from unwary lambs, Smith was
slight stirrings of gratitude toward his man, that; he had a wad of greenbacks \ there with the helping hand and the
benefactor. • of which he had never been particularly word of cheer. Talented young female
. Being naturally given to thought dur- fond and that it would be a real service persons with a weakness for pouring
ing his moments of leisure Smith be- to .him if some, one would take them out their souls on the piano; equally
gan to consider what a good thing it put and bury them in a place where talented younig persons of the mascu
was>' to do a little boosting on, his own they, wouldn't be heard of for two or line persuasion who had visions of
account whenever he saw a young fel^ three jjears, with interest at 6 percent, themselves in Michael Angelo's shoes;
low laying. hl8 plans to get his name The : cousin Jum.pcd -at. the chance, and weeping womenwho had lost their hus
in '" Who's Who." , : ; the greenbacks were gone before Smith bands, arid husbands who were weeping
Smith did not confine his attention.had time to wave them a last farewell, because they couldn't get lost— all found
entirely to young men; desiring to b$ By this time he was beginning tollke In Smith a guide, counselor and friend,
treated for enlargement of the-mind. the game, and he nut in most of his as well as very easy money. Whenever
O-f MOTHER, of two sturdy and
/. I promising boys was talking the
f-H other day about the great dlf
\, I ference in their way of taking
JL life. "Luther," she said. -"will
have .three times as much trouble aa
he goes through the world as Edward.
Luther . takes ..things . so .desperately
hard. In precisely the same circum
stances and' experiences. Luther will
discover reasons,, for worrying and
fretting, while his brother will gain
only pleasure arid profit. I dread \ the
future for Luther. He will . be gray
at 30 unless he gets rid of this terrible
habit."
1 What is true of this youngster : is
i doubly true of many^ persons grown; to
! manhood' arid womanhood: '/ They ; in
variably make things just' as hard' for
themselves and for others as it is pos
sible to . do. : Whatever .'occurs,^ they
are quick to see, all the dangers and
hardships involved. . WitnVthem; it is
ahyays the cloud rather than the sil
ver ' lining, the thorn rather than the
rose. ' .There comes: to be about them
an atmosphere of fussiness, of fault
finding, r of gloom' that quickly impairs
their own peace and efficiency ; and
renders it harder . for other people to
Hveand work with them- ,*; ' .
... And.; the /curious fact about* these
persons is that they are likely soon ; to
lose all sense of ' proportion." If i the
weather, is i foul or. the postman iis , late
or,the coffee at breakfast muddy. they
are : apparently, as \ much' distressed ■ as
they would be had the .house : burned
down or their dearest ? friend ; died; j In
,deed, sometimes they/seem to \ be : dis-.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO ' SUNDAY CALL.
up to my chin. After scouring my face
and brushing my hair my upper works
took a- beauteous form, quite pleasing
to; behold, until I looked at -my, feet,'
■which were 1 alii to ,therpeacock.ni. My
fine feathers drooped' and a felt like a
bird-of low decree among the ladles
and gentlemen in gay traveling plum
age. However,, my mind was*not per
mitted to dwell on the outer man.' r s
: It was ''• mid-afternoon •'„ when"; .'the
Whitney cleared land; the scant cabin
. forces tackled * the prodigious task Of
laying the tables and serving f Bupper.
Billy Rice, his three -black food, pass
ers and myself toted great loads of
dishes from the pantry tothe-longsa
loon.■"■■•;, This work kept us on the' broad
Jump, but I found "time for keen side
diversion at once profitable and sooth
ing. Connected with the pantry was
the officers' messroom, in which sup
per was already ' laid for the dog
watch. A narrow table placed against
the wall was stacked "with cold meats,
fcwl, .sardines, sajads and .pastry,,suf
ficient for five , rnen. I In' one ! hour,
passing in arid out, I cleared that table
while helping to set the cabin board.
I won something, each trip, and some
times a double portion, 1 devouring pie
and smoked salmon with equal eclat
while on the double-quick. LsS - ,
I': My fellow food passers regarded nie
with superstitious awe common to the
ritgro. Billy Rice, though he saidllt
t!^, seemed impressed, by the knowl
edge he had signed and :. shipped : fov
that voyage a>Ilvlng, breathing; fam
irie. ;My sklnhy;leg8 were hollovv,; arid
Icouldn't stop eating until 'thelbones
erased to rattle. Two weeks .on a
desultory diet of bananas, three days
in the dry gingerbread class. and one
night and- the great part of next day
Ht,Morgan City without food x had.
geared me up- to the mean voracity of
a.: threshing machine. Billy -Rice at
length viewed my case -in a proper
llsht. . . / " .
.•"White boy," he said, "you • shore
am hungry." :. ' . : .
-I confessed to a faint gnawing in my
vitals; ; ; : ,.. :
"But if you can feed other white
folks like you do yourself.' the chief
steward continued. ."the »hip is Haved.'V
Blushing with pride,. I said : my aini
was to give the passengers a run foi\
their. paBsage;xnoney after getting- my
sfe'f filled up. >: ;So when I sloweddown
wp spre'ad another layout for :the- dog
watch and pretty soon agrand-free
fcr-all. foray opened in the main sa
loon. ■■" . -;■-.' ....'" : ■ . .■.:..■/■
.Waiting on; table is easy, enough
when you know how.. Slender maidens
with their thumbs ; ;immersed . in. hot
'enuji have been :seeri ! 'to. glide" serenely
and never snill a: drop, but this was
-the indulgence that money carf procure,'
jjand" let two psople' sate 1 themselves" to
Fffepletiqn, . one \ of a calm,;: good-natured
* disposition, ihe; other,: peppery {and ai
rways, hunting for trouble,- the, calm- ono
i may; indulge to his heart's content." nnd
*hl#i stomach's . capacity,; feeling no : bad ,
r\eff§ctsj ".* while^ the - cayenne ■; fiend i .will;
,fBrt<m?^uecorfib'.'and Tittf^tlispositip'n~jb3:
■;unbearable. ? i;1^ ,' ■..';-.; '"" " <V_." . ■' : A^
- is '„ r- greater .virtue ; than 1
:ariyfeyer exploited in a pulpit. 1 ..It Is ihe
£'lever'4hat sways our lives; -ills thef glow
, that brings spnfch'ine.lntp our lives.;;. . ■
■ ''"To-tAiiiK! life caey does not .presuppose"
■- ah -Ti that Is exasperating,
r and is| more thM "luxury /of," selfishne<5S<
V- than; any thing else, but^the calni that
■ meets fa" situation and makes the best
■ of : it; .To indulge one's^temper does ( np .
"good/ although there afejtimes.whe'n a
spirited stand(must be taken; y^t even
* in rsvich/cascp-.a firm, determined man-'
V rier. will have ifnore. effect on' the'aver-
age , human 'than all the bluster; that
one Is ap*t to regret In saner momenta.
There- are Innumerable situations in
liftv that . fall .upon ; us with crushing
force.' Griefs that tear our very souls,
losses tharrob: us of comforts, trials
for which we are "totally unprepared;
and nbove all the suffering that comes
through those who have .failed us in
turbed even, more by little annoyances
than by great sorrows. „ When the lat
ter come they; may rise to a new and
unexpected . degree of serenity, but it
Is". the 1 trifling irritations: in' the daily
routine^that throw them on! their
base. . ■
. Now, from ,. certain points of view
life is hard!enough at best.but why
should rr.wev make it unnecessarily
hard?- To be sure it is partly a mtter
of temperament* but to a larger ex-
THE
HARD END
OF
THINGS
tent it is a' matter of will. ■. Those who
are taking; things: top .hard may by
resolution ; and ■ persistent ; endeavor , rid
-themselves ;of this incubus on their
best- lifer;;:;;;.;- •_ ' _ .-; /; :,.-...
" In;the- first; place/admit thtt bur
dens and ■ difficulties ; are ' a r > part of '■■ the
decreed^ programme?, of human "life.
Don't'deny their reality, after the fash
ion f of : i the * devotees of .certain \ fash
ionable modern cults whoihavethe as
surance to "tell us that'aches and pains
of i all i kinds ;; are fa illusions. ,; ' Not; , so
thoughtone.who understood humanity
from .center to circumference. 1 "In the
done on an even keel. Aboard a rolling
ship it is different. There the food
passer requires" a steady brain and* eye,
sea legs and the trick, of juggling per
fected to the highest possible art. All
these qualities/I lacked, and it wasn't
long before the passengers and even 23.
Rice discovered me to be a four-flusher
of the first .water. The cabin resounded
with the walls of the maimed and hun
gry. %, ,-; :. \ •" ,. .-/.-v.''
I .made a hideous mess of .things. on
my station— anointed myself," the cabin
and its contents with soup and gravy;
took, an order from one person and
servfed it to another — ever . an«l % anon
chipping, chunks off the gilded wain
scoting with my moist; and burning
brow. Because?; of my color, perhaps,
and, the", manner, in which I stroveto
please the more; fastidious, our passen
gers yielded to the not unnatural belief
that I owned the ship. One red-headed
pilgrim to Vera^Cruz addressed me po
litely as Mr. Whitney, to the annoy
ance of my.. black contemporaries," and
as Mr. .Whitney I was known through
out the~voyagp. . :;
;'-: Somehow -we ; struggled along and
fought that first meal to a bitter fin
ish. I % was covered with shame and
prune juice and'other things, and the
grand: saloon ;: resembled the lunch
hour i on a chowder, ateamer. -During
a 'lull I in ! the havoc, when . passengers
and | food passers paused for breath,
the ship gave a lurch. She sidestepped
on me; v I was standing at 'attention -at
one^Ide of 'the talooh. My heels
struck the side 6r combing of an open
stateroom door and I fell on the flat
of my back. . t The jar rocked the ship
and shook a shower of glass pendants
from the grand chandelier above the
table. , „ : .
That stunt was the best thing I ever
did on any vessel, for the introduction
of vaudeville at;a critical stage in the
tragedy dispelled ; the dark looks and
muttered threats which portended
open mutiny. The scalded, gummed
and streaky passengers broke into
cheers and . merry shouts of laughter.
They. thought'I was killed. Even when
the white ghost of Mr. .Whitney
crawled but of; the stater'oom.to haunt
them 'some more the .general good
feeling was. such that, no one -thought
of reporting; to me any incivility or in
attentlph -on the part of the waiters
and thereby conferring a favor oji the
manngement., . -.- . \\l
. .Over, night our noble -ship , wheeled
her. way/ Into the , pu3sy waters of ; the
gulf -and Jnl'. consequence ,"." the eating
force was vastly diminished. The ill
ones seemed* glad because we didn't
hnve chough waiters to go around. Less
than half the cabin complement ap
peared Rt breakfast and While that
the crucial moment of our lives. It
.does no good, even in the face of these
awful jVisitntlpns, .tp rail 'against fate
To meet a blow, calmly is to deaden Its
force." We need .all the courage we can
summon; to bear, and to' exhaust what
reserve; nbwer v we -. may, possess Jin use
legs carping or rebellion agajnst .which
only nerve ourselves to bear
do any good. ; .
I >ThVmother. whose disposition' is calm
and lovable, "^who has too' much self
contrerito.'Inflict 'her own worries on
her household, Is the mother. -who can
always >' retain the love of her children.
If "■ theyjihaye .'little worries,"". she can
: soothe them and comfort,: and her own
calmness communicates itself to them.
She;qan' prove .by. tier manner that she
is not 'indifferent to their little .woes
or ache s 'or ' pains, | yet .wishes to teach
the most ; salutary, pf lessons. X It one is
worried or fretted; by" the failure of
others, -'either,' 6e,yer: the .connection en
tirely, after, .weighing well the circum
stances.; or ;smgothiover the situation
by such encouragement :as- will make
other^efforttJ more successful. .
} Indifference paralyzes both the love
•and the 'endeavors , of ; those : about us.
Encouragement . is the greatest factor
of. success; ' a word or a smile puts
♦ hi' vim and motive nower into heart.
world," said he, "ye shall have tribu
lation."
. But learn, too, to put over against
every disappointment, every irritation
some reason for rejoicing. The other
night as a mother was putting , her
small; boy to , bed he' suddenly said:
"Oh; dear, everything looks so gloomy.
There's ray, hard arithmetic lesson, and
there's that boy at school who plagues
me, , and my; doggie's run away, and it
all - looks " so , gloomy." v. "Oh, brace up,
Leon," said the wise mother. ."Think
'of your t new football, suit, , and the
party .;_ next Saturday,, and your. , fine
stamp ; collection; ; and; your parents'
love for 'you." ; Leon reflected a< few
minutes f on - the brighter side pf '? the
picture/iand then,; as he, said good
nlght, added: "It doesn't look quite so
gloomy,;mother."f<For us big, people!
nothing need, be sp.hard.if get into
th* way of 'matching, every disagree
able' experience with ah agreeable one.
■ And one other antidote to the disposi
tion ' to ■ take things ; top hard * is an atti- ■
tude i of i mind that ; looks for • the , divine,
meaning j in ; all the; hard; things.) Then
they/ 1 lose : ; their. , power .to , f ret us. .We'
don't^deny, their; reality, but we, say:,
"Well, .hard- as \, they '• are, there -may be
some purpose of good; in them. -Anyhow, 1
we can ; wait' a- bit without fuming; andi
see .whether,, after all there may . not be
some blessing "vwrappijd , up ; . in them. In
the T meantime we .'refuse' to ,let themiir- 1
ritate ius.'^,"Be : of goodcheer," , said , thei
same • man : who; told [ his . followers ' that
in (the! world j they, should | have" tribula-'
tion, "I -have overcome the world." \
THE PARSON,- ,
meal was on Billy Rice made a dis
covery which tickled me as well as
himself. Wheat cakes are one of the
few edibles that will not , slop over, or
spill at sea and, as our cook made
them, the cakes clung to the plates
like patent medicine stickers. My
career at once took shape.
:-; I could serve the wheats without at
tracting undue notice, so they promoted
me to pancake editor. In which capac
ity. I. issued Jthrte editions daily, with
an occasional, fried egg extra. Thus,
In a way,' I got. a taste of yellow jour
nalism long before my time in Park
Row. In a short time I grew quite pert
and could gallop into the grand saloon —
the hollow of. my left arm piled high
.with little plates, which I shot around
the tables after the manner of the fel
low dealing 1 poker to experts who de
sire one: card on the draw.
Furthermore, in recognition of my
one deep. sea talent, B. Rice published
pancakes for every meal just to help me
along and I'll never forget him for
that.
No matter how poor, humble and
worthless he may be, a boy will ; do
one thing properly and if encouraged
In that one thing his confidence is -es
tablished and he eventually aspires
to something ennobling and uplifting.
head and hands that works miracles. I
do not think that any child ever suc
ceeded in life who lived through a
fault-finding childhood.
If things don't come your way, don'z
indulge In morbid replninga, but take
an optimistic view. Go easy, go slow,
until you settle down to a steady Rait.
If worries come, as they have a way of
doing, think that something better will
follow, and nerve yourself not to show
the world that **ou are staggering un
der a blow; if losses too great to be
borne almost crush you, let the effort
to hide them nerve you to show a calm
front;
To take life easy is half the battle.
Nature has endowed each and every
one of us with a certain reserve force
that always stands us In need. If, by
over-indulgence, either mental or phy
sical, we exhaust this supply, nature
exacts a penalty that must be paid.
The rapid fire of ambitions is too ex
hausting; nature rebels against the
strain. People who are the pleasant
est companions and those who live the
longest are largely they who take life
seriously and yet who do so in a calm,
unruffled way tl nt makes no sudden
demands c-n the reserve force.
Cultivate a good disposition if you
have not one. Do your best to please
any one remonstrated with him for
spending so much ,of his time
and mere tangible material for
the benefit of others, he would
smile in . the modest. depre
catory manner of the man who knows
how pood he is, but. won't admit it for
worlds, and point to the great number
of friends he has gathered around him
self. In case of need, he reasoned, each
one of the people he had helped would
resolve himself into a life-saving corps
of one and dash madly to the rescue.
[The time came in the fullness of
events when his theory was put to the
test, and it is with sorrow, not un
mixed with sad exultation peculiar to
scientific temperaments, that we record
the result- Smith went up against it
so hard one day that he bounced back.
After he had pulled himself together
again he cast about for some one to
come and help him pick up the pieces.
The first man ha struck was tbe - young
man with- the ingrowing mind whom
he had started on an intellectual ca
reer. In spite of the fact that his
hand-made, .college diploma had
enabled the youngster, to unite himself
in, the holy" bonds— arid . preferred
&tocks-7-of matrimony with a daughter
of Slandered .Oil, : he couldn't remem
ber, having met ' Smith, although he
seemed to have heard the name some
where. '
; Smith's .wife's cousin had prospered
in a worldly way and Smith thought
that there- was. a little bread coming
to, him off: this particular pool, but
there ; was nothing doing. Instead of
bread he received a choice collection. of
hot air. about the necessity of exercis
ing. Judgment in business and trusting
only people 'who -can show the goods.
"Wherever ' he : turned it was; the same
sad story. The people he had dragged
up on. the bank seemed to have begun
to i forget' him before their hair, was
fairly dry. . " ;
, He was about ready to . He down and
take the count when the old man who
had given him his preliminary boost
long years; before Hook advantage of a
good opportunity to die. When the will
was read Smith was let in for the lion's
share of the. old. man's estate, apparent
ly'because' he had ; never ' expected it.
The moral of this dramatic tale is that
while it ■; is . quite "1 allowable ; to •< cast
bread on the;waters.'ifyou have plenty
of ; bread, those , who desire to lead a
permanent and fairly, regular. existence
are recommended to 'get their staff of
life hot ; from ; the oven, ', " , ' ?
(Conyricht. 1904/ by ; Albert - BritU
Less than two weeks later I earned
40 cents shoveling oyster shells at
Galveston. Tex.; but. as Rudyard once
said, that's another item. Just the
same. I look back with pride to my
career as pancake editor.
All days look alike in the busy rou
tine on board a crowded vessel and I
readily fell into the way of going ship
shape. Food, sleep and excitement
soon rounded out • the hollows in my
boyish cheeks, and Mr. Whitney, with
the cares of a large steamboat on his
mind, fared well.
One of the black boys gava me a
shirt and collar; another trimmed my
hair and a passenger, whose heart was
large and his feet medium, tipped me
to -a pair of shoes. The condition of
my old ones was wretched in tha ex
treme. Run over at the heel and
turned up at the side, they gave my
feet -the appearance of being set In
Italics. These italicized feet always
emphasize a hard luck story.
While the ship lay at Vera Cruz
they kept me on board to scrub
things. On the way back she stopped
at Galve3ton. There I spurned B.
Rice, tendered my resignation as pan
cake editor and went ashore to swing
Texas around by the tall.
Copyright, 1904. by Charles Dryden.
others. To make others happy Is the
most compensating job one ever holds
down. It is a pastime rich in the bless
ing of happy faces.
Take life easy. Don't let little things
ruflle you; there are too many great
trials in life for one to waste time and
emotion over little things.-
Little revenges gratified, littlo spites
avenged never accomplish any good
and life is too short to waste your sub
stance in a way that leaves you no
power of resistance for its greater
trials.
Take it easy. There are thousands
worse, off than you. although that is
not much comfort to one who has his
own troubles, yet the calmer we bear.
the more courage will we husband by
■which to bear.
Life is not an eas- proposition by
any manner of means, but. we can
make it easier ofttlmes by that philos
ophy that makes us lovable and sym
pathetic rather than the indulgence of
tempera that fairly paint the atmo
sphere in irritating hues.
Fret and worry make more dyspep
tics than an unruly internal mechan
ism ever dared to and so the man who
■would escape dyspepsia and the woman
who would retain her good looks must
cultivate the art of taking life easy.% * r T never pays to look shabby."
I said a smart looking woman
I as she complacently patted
her natty walking skirt. "It
conveys by far too much."
And she was right about it. It does
convey too much. Years ago it was
all very well and good to be neat and
clean and whole, but these days of ex
travagance demand infinitely more
and every woman owes it to herself
to be well groomed and well dressed.
•Being well clothed does not neces
sarily mean shekels by the bucketful,
but it does mean a goodly supply of
ingenuity and more than a tiny frag
ment of time. Particularly at this
ADVERTISEMENTS.
C "\m^\ *i^* ■ .. *fl>j^ 5^
MME. YALE^S
Almond Blossom
/COMPLEXION
\j. . . . CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
Cleanse*, softens, purifies,
whitens and beautifies the
skin. Soap and water only
cleanse superficially.
JCm«. Tale n.ys: A Xlttl* Almomd
Sloscoa Campleadoa. Cr*ua ihonia
k* t»pllea every tlm« tb» twom
taM. >an3« are washed. It rmem
the fitutt, soot, rrlma, imst ufl
nsiUUre Irem th« lxterstieea cX
th» akta aad make* the surface
•moetb as Telret.
A daily necessity *t home and
abroad; a treasure when traveling
by land and. water, or when on an
outing of any kind, and particu-
larly prized at a seaside or moun-
tain resort. Protects the gkin
from catting winds, burning rays
of the ton and every injurious ef-
fect bf the elements. Prevents
and cures abnormal redness of
the nose or any part of, the face,
and that purplish hue due to ex-
posure to cold, also /chapping,
chafing, cold sores, fever blisters
and all irritation of the skin. It
is the greatest known specific for
burns; takes the fire out more
quickly than anything else,
soothes, heals and prevents scars
and suppuration. Indispensable
for use of infants and every mem-
ber of the household. An ' exqui-
site natural beautifier. A grateful
application after shaving. Excel-"
lent for massage purposes. Now
in two size*: Mme.^ Yale's Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream is
now sold in {Wo sizes by
OWLDRiUGGO.
(Both Stores)
1 128 Market Street
80*82 Geary Street
At special price of 40b «nd 80C
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
season of the year when, the -very air
»s permeated with the spending spirit
and the windows show 1 . such. tempting
fabrics and such dainty little acces
sories of all sorts and descriptions.
The absolutely essential thing for
the girl who spends much of her time
walking is a durable trotting suit, and,
while It should be serviceable in tex
ture, short in length and of a coldl
that will not show the dust and wear
and tear. It should always be pretty.
In fact, just as smart as it is possible
to get it. Fortunately for all of us,
the rainy day skirt is a thing of the
past, and a very dim and distant past,
at that. But since cloudy weather
togs are as present as ever \ and will
continue to be as long, as the . winds
and clouds conspire against us, it be
hooves every one to do a heap of
thinking and to buy with cloudy
weather in mind.
Thanks to Dame Fashion, who
really is not quite as bad as she is
made out to be, there are an endless
variety of suits provided that may be
worn on rainy days without sacrific
ing one's good looks in the slightest
and without sacrificing one's comfort,
either, but they must be constructed
just so or they do not bear the im
press of style. And the beauty of
these gowns is that they are fashioned
in such a way that they can be worn
for many other occasions. They make
good shopping costumes; they are
splendid for a morning's promenade,
and they are quite good enough for
informal calls. Indeed, it is difficult
to discover a dividing line between
calling and cloudy weather apparel
"and that is the principal reason why
every girl should always have a hand
some two-piece suit" hanging in ; her
closet ready to be donned at a min
ute's notice. ■'. " . ."'...-■ . "
Of . course, such a costume '. calls for
a nobby hat, and it goes without?say
ing that it should be of the serviceable
kind. It should not be' too' large" nor
yet too small, for one is not the best
of taste and the other is a difficult
problem to keep from getting awry.
There is an English make of hat that
is just the very thing, for it' manages
to look well whether it "'■ is tilted ' or
straight and even, in the eagerness of
a shopping tour it always looks digni
fied and remarkably. fit.
Almost any sort of a plain waist,
whether it be of cotton, linen or silk,
is in good taste and nearly always
pretty, for there is such an abundance
of material and such a quantity -of
colors that one may close one's eyes
and grab blindly .and get something
tremendously, smart. The ; trimming
comes in with the neckwear and the
belts, for they form such an "essential
part In the costume these days ••' that
under no circumstances should they
be left out. Belts, - let me say right
here, are divided into a number of
classes. And "when one says a belt,
nine times out of ten a belt" is the, laat
thins on earth that . is : meant. ' More
often than not it is a girdle t or ■ stom
acher, or even a very, wide back -and a
narrow front. In fact, a belt Is i no
longer a' belt, but' anything . that
, chances > to come from the nimble : fin
gers of the ingenious.
Here is a belt that dresses up a plain
waist to such an "extent that : it" scarce
ly knows itself:
Begin by buying. three yards of satin
ribbon five 'inches wide.' Pin! one -end
of the ribbon securely., to, the I front \ of
your belt to keep^it'from slipping. Now
begin ■ and ,wlnd '- the • ribbon * ; tightly
about your, waist, ' gradually I increasing
the width of I the *: girdle^ ■ Finally I pin
the Ioose'erid tightly Jand Invisibly and
you I will * have ,' as * fashionable - and as
girlish a ' sirdle as you can 1 desire. Or,
THE SAN v FRANCISGO' SUNDAY; CALIi:
again, if the buckle idea especially ap
peals, to you cut the silk and insert al
most any sort of a fastenings, at the
narrowest point and lo and^behold you
are riot only very presentable, but very
much In the style, as ; well. ■ ■.. _--
Dull, browns j and --impossible = , steel
grays .are colors that are undeniably
serviceable, but also atrociously homely.
The girl .who manages on very -- little
money need not "Teei, that . red . pipings
here or a. dash' of .crimson there": are
denied her, : and ; certainly.; no "\ harrii is
done if she • puts on \ a dashing leather
belt and stock to match" and .ventures
forth when the sky Is . a^dull lead ; arid
everything on earth, has taken : on \ a
forlorn, gray aspect.
Clever is the girl who consults her
mirror as to ; the most becoming color
and then wears it to the exclusion of
all others." Take red or blue, for in
stance. Both are solid tones and they
are ,' always willing and ready ■: to lend
themselves for • all occasions. The
trotting length suit » is , blue, • the : crepe
de 'chine afternoon frock is blue.fand
blue . is the ; color" of the , sole f, evening
gown. Belts, ribbons,: hats, 'gloves and
the , thousand .' and one if rills arid, fur
belows are of necessity, blue, i ajid there
never comes a time when; any of them
fight and positively; refuse to be worn
the same day. .^BHbHBHBBBBSESII
The " crepe . and \ the point " d'esprit are!
fashioned to go rover -the? same lining;
and/who isjever.thewiser? i The ; dainty
hat, \ made , In a picture type, ■ Is'of a silk
braid trimmed with a bit of foliage; and
it, s as- well, serves ''< its ".f double i purpose.
In fact, : every thing _helps~ in this matter,
of ecbriomy, andher ladyship~isfable".tb
dress . apprdpriatelyj:^without "''i knowing'
how she manages it herself. .
, The daintiest ' little; hand frills help to
transform a V plain - suit I into ■■ rather an
elaborate calling ■ costume. Of course,
they'are^lovelyi when '., made (of ; a ') sheer
muslin '-and ''J triinmed 'i '_ with ; . lace, but,
alas and alack, they^areTnot'overly ser
viceable and '.were not: intended \ for the
i : tub?? But Dame " Fashion ' fixed that part
of : it : by dressing! up "■ yellow j and ; cream
mulls, : and '\ they/ are e riot ; only * fetching
■when^ tuckedv arid ;. frilled, but rare ; not
, of Uhe wind (and ;-, bad
and come out of a^drenchlng rain'quite
as good, and as new. las ever. S;
.There is no use d?pying the fact 5 that
the .woman who ./gives : both time, and
attention to' her toilette can manage on
wonderfully '.' little i « and present ; a good
front X in : the bargain.' fit her closet is
destitute of a charming gown she calm
ly sits'; down ■ and waits for i a 'dull,
dreary day and then, arrayed ; in all
armor, sallies 'forth '. to war. And call
ing in one's "cloudy] weather togs ; on; a
dull," disagreeable ; day • isn't a "■ half -bad
secret to possess,^ by the way. -'At least
the dress^ is appropriate, arid a cheerful,
smiling face is all that is required , to
complete a decidedly fetching picture^
-Of course, with such .gowns there go
hats, and 'hats that; are well .worth
glancing at a second time, too. There is
a splendid waterproof ; taffeta to be had
thesedays,- and;when it is fashioned of
a dull ; red, ; or even black, trimmed with
a smart chou at the ' 1 side^ it adds more
than a ; little to even thesmartest of the
sriiart utility..' dresses: 5,Tbe;briin' of ;this
hat, L by. the way ,; is * of ( the " floppy order,
and jit \ is ■ heavily , with . silk,
either in the same color or to iriaitch the
rest of.the costuiriervZ i ■ i:
-The custom (of xwearing | one's old
clothing when it; looks like rain ■ has
brought many, a ■ person • to : grief. " ■ It\ Is
bad' in any case." It may, be '■ the > part;
of ; wisdom to , save one's best and pret
tiest, but; one never j feels eritlrelv^at
home ; in 'some- shabby^ old ;.thlrigi that '
has ; been ; ressurected ? from : the (depths'
of the grab bag.' If ., by " any . chance
the sua ; comes out: arid it is^warmfand
bright, it' !s decidedly
and ; ;annbylng^iri' the' least 1 to ibe'; found
in battered andjtattered; clothes,, and
even ■ ij lit'does -. one ; ; never ' hai * the
satisfaction Vof -being : neat and " trim.- ,
;' "Ybri • can stay at ; home," : you say.
WelV not 'always,' , arid ' there are scores
of -times ii when .'erigagements are -'niade
inr fair/ weatherTand^the 1 clerk; treats
you lyery. shabbily." ' Even a coat, right
up r to style, -which can >.be; put /on < arid
worn; anywhere, i irrespective t of /; sudr
den rchanges,^ isTf ar] better I than 5 an I old
suit, forit covers a multitude of sins
arid a lways creates a ' splendid impres
sion. Arid after all, impressions of the
favorable sort- are what : every woman
on the face of the green globe Is striv
ing; for. The actress,; out of an en
gagement,-spends her, last dollar, on-a
flt Jtiat jthat ; she , may < look her best. . The
office girl spends her pennies /on neat
neckwear that she may show those in
authority ' ..that '■ she 5 understands- the
eternal fitness of things. Impressions,
i rripression a, all the worl d over, for
while the first* glance does, not'mean
everything [ it i means enough to keep
the most of ; us busy; in order < that we
may' not be the : losers thereby. -
"The -woman who wants to own a
wardrobe that will make a good show
ing for a small nrlce need not be with
out :; one > for,: lack . of i materials from
which^to select. On the contrary, some
of ' the 3 prettiest ; fabrics* are r the ■ most
inexpensive ; and .the smartest designs
may.; be ] seen in gowns : that were built
for- hard; every day wear.
Answers To
Correspondents
, ELSIE -(Tooth .Wash).— There, are
ariy ' quantities "> of '« tooth ". and mouth
washes ; that ■ are excellent, " and ' it is
really to* tell you of one \ that : is
better than . another. ■/, However,'* here ■ is
a pure ■ one and ; you . can - very s easily
make ; it yourself : • Put ; together in '{ a
niortar • onethalf > ounce : each of } pulver
ized^ borax,; and strained - honey ;,..tKen
add * gradually, qne pint of ■ pure alcohol
and'one^half .ounce each of gurii; myrrh
. arid V red wood.! i Let " (; the •'■ whole
stand : in a ■ large-mouthed glass • bottle
for two weeks. Shake ' the bottle ' occa
sionally. 'Pass through; a filtering 'pa
per and > it Is ready, for use.
MRS. M. (Cranberry Frappe).—
Try this and see if . it; ls^not
better than your old ' one : - 4 Add one "tea
cupful of ; boiling -water to one quartof
cranberries.:. ; .' Boll » until* ; soft, . pass
through i "a -; strainer, ,, return ; to } the « fire
arid '< add enough sugar to sweeten.* Cook
until ' reduced - mqrej than half , ; then^ ; set
aside to cool. Before freezing add the
juice of one large. lemon,. also a syrup
made of one quart of boiling water and
two cupfuls bf granulated sugar cooked
until rich and syrupy. Stir all together
and freeze rather stiff. Serve with the
roast turkey. <
H. D. C. (Greetings).— I certainly
would: not take the trouble-to speak
to anyTman who was not polite enough
to lift his hat when he meets you.
Making a motion toward his head is
not sufficient and I would not permit
it for. a moment. The hat should
come' off the head entirely, and it is
only, right for you' to Insist on this
courtesy being - extended to you.
CURIOSITY-(Hairdressing).— It is a
difficult problem for a, girl of sixteen
to dress her, hair appropriately these
days unless she braids it and ties It up
with a broad ribbon. Certainly you are
too young to comb It high and too old
to let it hang'down, pig-tail fashion in
a braid. A pretty :_way is to
part it -'in; 'the .middle, arid then
braid each half of ,- it. • Bring
,ths. braids ♦closely together at
.the nape of the neck, cross it and draw
it up so that it will encircle the "head,
and fasten one under the other. This is
called a Dutch style, and a 1 very quaint
old style . it is, too/ Of course, if your
hair is riot long or reasonably thick you
will have little- or no success with this
fashion, but- if you can. wear it at all it
probably will be more than becoming
to you. -
EMMA C. (Stories). — All stories
submittcd^to editors should be plainly
written, and typewritten if possible,
and do not make the mistake of writ
ing on both sides of the paper, for it
is most annoying for those who are
compelled to handle it. Number each
page plainly and do not fasten them
together in any way. It is far better
COLD WATER AND
HEALTH
•V NE of the most interesting de
| TV velopments in modern medical
\^ science is the certain proof of
the ; Immense importance of
cold water to health, both as a rem
edy for and a prevention of disease.
But cold water should not be con
founded with ice water; that is almost
as"' disastrous to stomach, heart and
liver as'a liquor or drug habit. Cold
water means the temperature of
spring water of an October morning.
just a crisp freshness about it, but no
shock. .For drinking purposes water
should be cooled in an icebox, Just
bottled or canned, but never with ice
in it, which is unhygienic as well as
unesthetlc.
Physicians declare that very few
Americans drink enough water, that
the bad digestion, bad complexion and
bad nerves of our city arid town people
are! largely due to the result of not
drinking enough cold water.
The 'system : demands its full allow
ance of clear, 1 cool, natural fluid in or
der" to do its work properly, and
breakfast, coffee,' luncheon " chocolate
and 'dinner - cocktails are not only a
bad', substitute, but worse than none.
..When the body is thirsty It is call
ing for water; at least half a plnt^ be
fore ; breakfast, another before going
to bed and .three half pints during the
day, preferably not at meals.
It is an excellent; plan every morn
ing and night before' drinking water to
rinse -the iriouth ;, with a . solution of
warm water and borax. Just a pinch
of powder in half a tumbler of water.
It gives ; the water a deliciously fresh
taste, besides sweetening the mouth,
hardening the gum's arid cleansing' the
teeth:N " ,
A' course of this cold water treat
merit Is^ worth trying if just for* the
sake of a hearty appetite and rosy
cheeks.
To get the best value of your effort
you should "accompany the cold, water
drinking with a daily morning cold
bath.- 7
The bath should, be taken before the
drink, so * that there is not the * faint
est chance of arrestirig even the simple
process of ; digesting 'A 'cold
bath is '. only a ' success"* with * an - empty
stomach. (jJoHH ■■
to address an envelope and stamp It so
that your manuscript may be re
turned to you if it is not available,
for then you will learn your fate in
a short time. At the end of your story
put your name and address and do
be careful to have it plain, for the
editor is too busy to worry over you
and your woes. Yes, you can
duplicate a story if you wish,
but In that event be sure to mark
it for a certain date and write "re
leased Jan. 4." Then the editor will
understand it Is not exclusive and that
it is not to be used until on or after
that date. Of course such a story never
brings as much as an exclusive one,
though if you are fortunate enough to
sell it to four or five newspapers it will
mean more in the long run. Books are
not handled in the same way. I will
tell you more about them If you wish
to know, but I imagined you wanted
to know about short stories.
JANET (Christmas Gift).— Pretty
slippers are always nice and appro
priate, too, but I do not believe I would
get them too elaborate. Get a pretty
slipper and trim it up to suit yourself.
For instance, get some narrow black
velvet ribbon and put it on like so
many strata, and gather the three or
four pieces into a bunch and finish it
with a large rosette that fastens snug
ly over the instep.
X. Y. Z. (Red Eyes).— Here are two
recipes that are good for granulated
eyes: Yellow oxide of mercury, one
grain; rose water ointment, one-half
ounce; apply to eyelids morning and
night. A good wash for inflamed eyes
is as follows: Borax, two grains; cam
phor water (not spirits of camphor),
two ounces. Drop a little of the solu
tion into the eyes two or three times a
day and bathe the lids with the mix
ture.
While the water is running in the tub
prepare for the slight shock of the first
plunge by taking long breaths at an
open window. "Wrapped in a wool bath
gown, there will be no danger of catch
ing cold, and two or three minutes
long, slow inhaling and exhaling fresh
air will start the circulation so that
there is no hesitation about a cold wa
ter bath, rather a sense of enjoyment
of It. But if at the very start you
should still be at all sensitive to the
straight cold plunge, stand at the edge
of the tub, lean over and dash cold
water over the face, arms, neck, chest
and throat. Drv thoroughly with a
crash towel and plunge in first one leg
and then the other.
After a week of this sort of tempor
izing you will be able to take the
straight plunge. That is of course if
the room is warm. A cold bath in a
cold room may be fine heroism for
athletic boys, but it is more than likely
to prove dangerous to the average
woman who has not much power of re
action.
The daily tepid bath usually taken by
women in winter may be luxurious and
cleansing, but it is no substitute for
the health giving power of the cold
water. It is the sting of the cold that
starts the blood coursing through lungs
and ' heart, that warms the hands and
feet and sends a fine color to the
cheeks. A cold bath should . be taken
quickly, always" followed by a crash
toweJ rub and always in soft water.
Much of the value of the cold bath is
lost If the water is hard, the pores are
clogged rather than opened, ft Is im
possible to dry the skin quickly, and it
is left with a clammy sensation that is
depressing. It also makes sensitive
skln'rdugh, and so coarsens it.
Where rain4vater can be had nothing
is better. It is an emollient as well as
a stimulant to the cuticle, but in town
and city the water supply is artificial
and it is the exception to find it soft.
Fortunately hard water is not an ir
revocable misfortune. The worst min
eral water can be softened with pure
borax. Two tablespoonfuls of pure
borax will soften a tub of water to
the ■ mellowness of rain water. And In
addition to its beneficial effects in the
water it has medicinal properties that
actually,, stimulate the action of the
skin and whiten it. '
In fact there is no simpler, more
economical, really enjoyable way or
keeping or Improving one's health than
this daily, conscientious use of cold wa
ter. , It will: actually cure purely nerv
ous indigestion, is the best modern an
tidote ( for hysteria and : Is the finest
honest cosmetic in the world.WHAT would you do If you sud
denly chanced to discover ,
Borne one near and dear to
you the victim of gas as
■ phyxiatlon? " •
• This la no unusual occurrence.-,] In - :
fact. It Is exactly what happens' daily
•and no- amount of care "and 'vigilance'
seems to render one proof -against ,itl
Certainly, no one could .' accuse C. S.
Benedict, a prominent business iman,
of neglect, yet the' news of his accident"
was telegraphed the length and breadth "
of the land and his life was "almost de
spaired of. '''-'-*■,■ '-'.
In case of such an accident, whatv
■would vou do?
. Nine and ninety times you would lose
your head and fly aimlessly about, add
ing to the, general pandemonium that
usually reigns supreme at euch a time.
The other time you might possibly act
as promptly and as effectively as
<lid his Eon, Mr. Egbert Bene
dict, when he was confronted with
the . horrible fact that both father
* and mother were unconscious and
had been in that state nobody
knew how long. He flew about all
[ right, but It was to throw open the win
dows and to promptly begin a system
of rigorous movements that: sent ■ the
gas reeling: and gasping from their
bodies as fast as It could go.
"How did you know what to do?"
everybody has asked him a thousand
ar.d one times since the accident, and
lor answer he has merely pulled a small
card from his pocket and given them a
fleeting glance at a "Quick Heir* in
Poisoning or Accidents'* that he has
been fpiardicg as the apple of his eye
ever since.
Probably any amount of those self
tame little cards ' have been passed
about town during the past years, but
you couldn't buy one for love nor
money Just now, and all because it
showed its true worth so strongly in
this particular case.
When the younger Mr. Benedict was,
called by the Chinese boy and told that
something must be wrong with the
"Boss," and that the house was filled
with a strong odor of gas, It didn't
take him very long to reach his fath
er's doer and to throw his six feet of
solid manhood against it in a decided
manner. The fierce outpour of the
sweet, sickly fluid and the sight of the
Ftill forms made him hesitate a moment
a'nd then he was in the thick of the
fray battling with the deadly gas for
all that the world held dear to him.
"There wasn't much I could do." he
has told his friends since. then. 'Taut I
have this little card to thank for their
lives. In the first place I opened the
windows and then commenced a regu
lar rough and tumble treatment that
wculd get them Into motion and give
. them some chance of getting pure air
ir.to their lungs. My instructions told
me plainly to raise and lower the arms
regularly and to force the gas out by
an even pressure on the chest. I tried
the latter first and found I could force
it out quicker by slipping my hand
under the shoulders, raising the body
until the head fell back with its own
weight and then deliberately pressing
in the chest with a spasmodic motion
that was more like a quick jerk than
anything else I can think of.
. "In doing this all the breath was com
pelled out and as soon as my hand re
laxed its pressure the fresh air rushed
in to take the place of the foul. Time
" after time I tried this and then I be
gan to raise the arms over the head
and in lowering them pressed the el
bows into the sides so that the side
walls of the lungs would be forced to
do their part. This I did at the rate
of about eighteen or twenty times a
minute, and very systematically, for
I didn't want to tear them to pieces.
"It suddenly occurred to me that per
haps my. hands could press out any
etray whiffs that might have tucked
themselves away in the bottom of the
lungs, so I placed my hands between
the waist and armpit and literally
shook and pressed alternately until the
breath came in short gasps and showed
me that I still had something to work
for. And that ie really all I did, for
about that time the doctors came with
oxygen and every other remedy known
to medical science."
Really all he did do was to save the
lives of both his father and mother.
All the doctors have said so-; all the
nurses have suid bo, and, In fact, all
concerned concede as much to him, yet
he tells his simple little story and says
he owes It to good luck and his four by
six advertising card.
If one always knew just bow this
poisonous illuminating liquid would act
there might be a remedy always near
in case cf an emergency, but unfortu
nately it is as variable as the winds
that blow to the four corners of the
ONE ELEANOR AND ANOTHER
By Rita Kelley.
• (Copyright, 1904, by Rita Kelley.)
•--N OYD THOMPSON was putting
"Tv In his second day at the^Et.
Ay J Louis Exposition. Even though
V^/ he had eeen the wonders ' of
two continents since leaving college,
he was a little awed, even oppressed,
by the very tremendous amount or In
genuity and beauty spread before him.
He strolled toward the main en
trance and stopped to admire an ex
tremely pretty girl in cool green linen
standing by one of the pillars of the
Liberal Arts Building.
"By Jove!" he said as he made a
wide detour behind her and came
around at the other side. "I know
that glrL . Hans it! What's her name?"
He walked Blowly past her again.
She was absorbed in a scrutiny of the
Triumphal Causeway. How refresh
ingly cool she was in that green dress!
Her hair gleamed gold in the . sun.
That was Just. the,. trouble — her. hair!
If it were only, brown! Boyd ran over
th« names of all the blondes he had
fct.own. Bertha Sexr.rt»r~ Carolina
Quick Helps in Poisoning or Accidents
No. I. Carbolic Acid— <3!ve pure alrolic!, ; or If that Is not at hand five whisky,
vinegar er -*rhUc of an €gg;.\ then follow, by !ar;e* quantities i.pf water; make"th§
pai!tnt " vomit' by McUUng^tbo'j fauces or putting,* your finger, down his throat; -next*
rive cruel and olive or tweet oil. r Th*n call doctor. *. • V -,;• j \3.
No. 2. Opium,'. Morphine, Lau<lanunyOcdiene.' Lacturcarium, '. Cannibls Ifldlca-
Make patient votclt: sire mustard and water, : hilsewann' or cold, followed . . hy. copious
draughts of.. water, and follow this by large /quantities., of tea, .cr u» large .amount*
of strong- black .coffee. Keep . patient awake .by »trlking naked body!' with 'wet towel;
moving erms over ; head. ." walking,' «c. • Call /doctor. I .•>' ' ~f ' ', '' Y f ■ ■-'
No. S. f Rat .Poison. Matches— Give cepkua draughts of nustard and;Vater; compel:
patient to .romlt; then give. oil <jf turpentine floating 'on water = In ' doses «f half a'
drachm every /half hour; give 'charcoal or Itas, water, following this < by cne 'ounce ■;
of Ep*om *aK» .in f tumbler X full of -water. Never give any oil other than'turpentln*
»nd never! give fats or aay. fcind.' : Call doctor. . ■■;_.
- . No. ♦-' Strychnin?. Ixnatia. Nux Vomica. Plcrotoxln, Coccnlus Indlcus-
Glve~eni«Uc of; nuisiard ""and .waver, : pause patient to .vomit," then give strong 'tea, decoc-r
tlon of oak bark; keep patient 1 * ornia /novlcs from side ''to aide. Call "aoctor:"*^-'**^
; • No. 6.1 Fl*b Polnon. Canned Goodc etc.— UusUrd, two tablezsoonfuls to pint'
of -warm "water; vomit, then uUe strong tea or. decoction of oak uark; then compel
patient tojroiclt again "and "*glve arj ounce of . castor oil. followed by a teaepooniul of
red,P«Ppe«! every -hour. Then call j doctor.
..No. 6.j Gaj . r°l*°nl r 'S— Quickly: get Into lungs largest rraount of pure air by rais
ing and .lowering arm* -and* by regular^ p?eisure : on th* chest; • throw * cold; water en
face; give: lnhalatlor.s of ammonia and, use : rectal injection of -strong coffee.- Call
doctor. i ; ' . j- ; . .
No. 7. > How' to Cause Vomlfine-HPush the finger down th« throat of ths patient:
tickle th« fauces •with a feather, or give lukewarm water containing mustard or
Irecac. \' ■;•:;■
French? Bah! ithey had been fat and
pudgy. . tS2%& "
If she Just: had brown hair, now"
he said, starinjr at her. unmistakably
gold curls. Suddenly he realized that
he jyas standing: stock- still and the
brown eyes of the girl in the green
dress had swept; from-- the Triumphal
Causeway and were looking into his
with ill-concealed amusement. In
stantly his face cleared.- He swept off
his hat "with a charming; bow and
went toward her smiling'/
"Miss Haskell?" he said, holding
out his hand. "Miss Eleanor Has
kell?"
'She looked at.hlm amazed, but at
sound of the name she smiled, too—
questloningly. ;
"I fear you.; have *the better of me,
though," she said," as he -took? her
hand, "you are^— """■ "^ +-■ *•*
"Boyd Thompson,- yes, . of • North
western," he finished for her.
'.'Oh, I don't. remember." She passed
one slim . hand over her brow and
looked embarrassed. "But I've sure
enough been to Northwestern/* she
said, flashing, a smile at him, "and,
triumphantly, "yes, • I ' remember , your
face." SBgs^gi&daaQa . . ■ .
. "One'6 . memory f or • names , is . often
Cck'o. '.Why,"«lo you'lihown had tho
deuce of a . time • recalling yours Just
now. and I was afraid every minute
you'd 'take a', notion i 'to i go ~ before I
could get it by the tail feathers, so to
speak. "But I did, you see," and-1^al
ways remember faces." He leaned
over and. smiled down at her. ' "Are
you i enjoying the show ?'.' he ■ asked,
sweetly. • \ '* * ■<■' Iti *-/ *" i£"% i>
. "Yes,- but . It's too. overwhelming to
enjoy alone, and my friends are ■ riot
due for. a week or ten days, so. I've
.decided to go: home. ,,.I..,was Just
taking a farewell look 5 as 'you' came
along." ,.- ' ,* ., * ««« wn ".-gj pUSUsB
"Come, now, that's jolly.? Pm in the
same . fix. -''-.What - do you say to doing
theifalriin partnership ?"
* And ■ so", it ' was ■ finally .'arranged.
Later in the ' evening as he > left her
at the Hotel Napoleon -Bonaparte he
said, . coming a step nearer:" I "You'll
forgive me. for: staring, at you so
hard? I Just couldn't remember your
name on; the: instant.", •" * j t > t j^^t^t
'of .cou/bs!'* ahejlaushed. 4'Be
cause, do. you. know, I "haven't '.been
able • really to - place '. you ■, yet, though " I
remember your ; name , and i your,, face
perfectly/' w "^Tr"" " ■^"•y^-*^
THE , SAN. . FRANCISCO . SUNDAY. CALL.
VtarthT "One "time "'It clairrisTits victim
in a few short hours ;' and -again it-per
mits them to linger^on a week or. more,
and in the strange caEejotEUda Wil
bur,-aiinoaVtwO; years. ;
% Of all poisonings^ that resulted fatally
this was perhaps: trie f most mysterious
and certainlyi the.. most; baffling. '■ MIes
Wllburfwas*- a fashionable bride-to-be^
and , as such ;; figured ■ very" prominently
in smart [set. -.One . mornlng'^hjer
non"-appcarance at '■ the breakfast' table
resulted ' in an investigation;- and she
was found lying > comfortably Von her
side with" a book just' slipped- from her
fingers. The room was filled with gas.
J^Weil,. we're, even," he called* back,
and,- thrusting his hands in his pockets,
he" sauntered 1 toward the lobby.
i'StrangeJ he. should have.thought -she
had 3 ordinary brown * hair, /he. said I to
himself,", when this particular, shade, of
gold ,was the I prettiest . thing for hair
he ' had ever seen.*. Blondine? . He ! threw,
away . his cigarette." -She- wasn't that
kind. .-. •';■:■; r : ■■',- - ,.. ;.--;. ■.;■-. X:. -
"•? They were - Bitting at • the end of ? the
Grand Basin some nights, later, ajiit-*
tie J back ; from the balustrade overlook^
ins the water." : Boyd ]. was speaking as
he' slowly^ rolled l a cigarette.. o •- ;
' ' "Db'ybu' UiioTv* T am to' think '
FIRST AID TO
GAS VICTIMS
how mistaken. I "was about you."
"I'm | ■ sorrv^.to i have ' disappointed
you,",* she ■ said.. . . : . >
"Buti you /didn't. That's < Just v the
pointy s He leaned over j suddenly and
his face - took on - a new ■• seriousness.'
'•And to i think I , missed all ' that . good
time because I was 5 fool enough' to
be afraid of . you ! " '. . \ ■> ,
"What ffood" time?" she asked
quickly.' ".
"Why, knowing "' you ;'-S better. - before, 1 *
don't. you' see? You're*. the ' jolllest* girl
I've ieen-for.a-long.tlme.~lf you had
thrown . me ; over,. that day* at ' the ; Lib
eral 'Arts" building I never "should '. have '
really J known -you,": probably. I'm* glaa
you didn't. And the, reason I;couldn't'
think i| of vour ' name ■"' was ' because I
thought you "should" have brown hair
instead Tof ! "f roni ; Tall^Bure *g old,' " he
laughed." ~ ' * " '' r Vl " "'" ]' •■•■-■'■ ■ • ■-' - •• "v ■••-■
.She. sat tiPi straight .wlthiaistart.
"Oh!"
• ! "Why, r , what ' is ■ it *" { v hie ' asked.Vsoll-'
citously.'; /'What's the ; trouble?"
My. feet Just" hurt' from'
walklngYsoi mijch. "I; have .'blisters "on'
both"' my. heels.'.' r 1-'.!' / . '
" Boyd" looked grieved 5 at this an-
nounceraent.** "Why didn't you say so?
I wouldn't have kept' you going so
much. . If you'll forgive me I'll promise
to do better.".. >£$■.
"Thank you,' I can manage very well.
My cousin, for one, is 'quite capable of
taking care of herself. 1 ..She has been to
the. Northwestern and— she has brown
half.". • - *;
"Eleanor Haskell?;'. .What . do you
mean?" ' n ..-. % 'i.
."Yes, that's. her name, too. I might
have -known we looked alike,' but ' no^
bedy' ever, said -so before. People are
always -falling. In .'love -'with her and
coming to me to be pitied. I hate her;
I -hate everybody, and I'm not . going
to have you hanging around like all the
rest, worshiping heri and pouring your
troubles into my car.. -Heavens! There
she is now!- Go to her,- 1 can get a car
by myself!" V V; ?:?
She was. tired and j unstrung.
'-.Boydt, turned .and; saw the original
Miss Eleanor Haskell— the one he had
met "before^tahding'nof ten paces
away. -"She stood apart from her party
of friends, looking over. the. balustrade
at .the" gondoliers wielding ; thin, ' flash
ing poles.;; He shrank. farther. back Into
the shado wot the, shrubbery.' She was
tall, stately and dnrk as of old," and the
peculiar, feeling ' of : mingled admiration
and fear came! back '.to him.' "Neither
which evidently had blown out while
she dreamed, and to all outward ap
pearances she was sleeping- too sound
ly to be roused.
. For almost two years she lay In that
peculiar unconscious condition, while
the medical world pondered' and sug
gested every remedy that was half way
■justifiable. Her case was discussed In
scientific Journals and on all possible
occasions, but the deadly poison had
permeated her being too thoroughly and
too completely to respond to any treat
ment, and at the end of two lonjr years
this* sleeping: Galatea slipped mercifully
away into the great unknown.
Since that time all sorts and condi
tions of restoratives have been-used for
the relief of gas asphyxiation, but 'with
varying success, as all seems to depend
upon" the Individual cases. The .Tery
day" of the Benedict catastrophe a
sailor on the water, front .was hurried
off . to "'» the Emergency Hospital and
a new theory that a French surgeon
hasbeeri advocating was "put, into prac
tice in this" city for the first Unse. Hy
drogen peroxide was injected into the
stomach with a tube' and as soon as
the;, remedy was absorbed by the
stomach "and the oxygen began to
circulate freely through the blood
he sat up -and denied in a most stren
uous' fashion that he had ever tried to
kill himself or -that he had ever enter
tained 'such a thought for a single mo
ment. His" recovery was very complete
and almost instantaneous, so much so.
in fact, that those who witnessed the
miracle drew «^ long .breath of relief
and felt that .the*perplexingr gas prob
lem had been solved at last.
Yet when Mr. and Mrs. Benedict were
lying at death's door, this antidote was
not resorted to,*- nor yet was. oxygen,
used, though It stood by the bed ready
to be tapped at a moment's notice.
Medicines were not their salvation nor
do they owe their lives to artificial
means. Plain, ordinary gymnastic
movements were kept up until the
breath of life returned to them and
th'ey were In a fair way to. recover. Of
course, no one could rally from such
a shock and not feel any depressing
results, but. at least, all their energies
were bent on recovering from minor
troubles, such as bruises and black and
blue spots inflicted by their , energetic
son. rather than from the after effects
of powerful medicines.
No one, even in the seclusion of
one's own home, can ever feel abso
lutely secure from this deadly demon
who stretches out his greedy arms and
claims the rich and poor alike. Nor
can one tell when its messenger will
slink through the nooks and crannies
and leave death in its wake.
A lew years back it was content with
merely poisoning its victims and gen
erally stealing in on them in the mid
dle of the night, but now it is no
strange thine: to hear of explosions, and
such mighty ones that brick and mor
tar cannot withstand its force.
The F. TV. Bradley Incident was a
fair example of that. The odor was not
strong enough to prevent him from
walking down ■ his . front stairs with a
lighted cigar in his hand, but the gas
was powerful enough. and had collected
to such an' extent*. that he 'was blown
across the street and picked' up nearly
dead.. While it was not a direct, case
of, asphyxiation,, the "~injui..waV.ln. an
unconscious condition for hours and the
gas that he had inhaled into his. lungs
had ;much , to % do with* his precarious
condition. -X . . '.'■'.'- . - ..-
If one'knew just when or where it
would strike,, or,, Just what remedies
would prove to be the most beneficial,
there \ .would not be such . universal
need of care or precaution, but it never
falls- to come like a thunderbolt from
a clear sky. And especially so since a
small quantity is quite as pungent and
as penetrating enough to fill a good
sized room. .
.So the only thing to do and the only
way to feel safe is to fortify one's self
against the evil hour. It may. be '.all'
very well enough and good to bleed pa
tients and supply the loss of blood by
a saline solution, and it may act like
a charm to use peroxide, but while
the household is running hither and
thithe r after a doctor, valuable time
is being lost and it is no uncommon oc
currence for the patient to die before
the professional man arrives. And' even
if he does come in the nick of time the
medicine may not counteract ■ the gas
as it should, and the victim is indeed
a victim, hot through negligence of any
kind, but through ignorance and & sort
of a general misunderstanding all the
way round.
Even. If one did know what to do and
had the strength to do it promptly and
well, the medicine chest may.be dis
tressingly empty, and nine times out of
ten it is in the case of an emergency,
but the knowledge that one carries in
one's head or in one's vest "pocket is
always ready and always available,
and if it Is as effective as it was with
the Benedicts it will certainly prove to
be a veritable godsend to more than
one household. At any rate, 'it is such
a trifling thing: to. carry about that it
cannot possibly be a nuisance and it
may be well worth while.
he nor the girl beside him- stirred. He
felt sure she was watching him.' and
he waited. The party called to the
dark girl and she finally turned away.
They heard her say calmly, unemotion
ally: "Yes. It is rather good. » I'm
glad we got the night view first.. Do
you suppose there is any chance of our
finding Eleanor?" ■■ '• . '
"I: have much to thank your cousin
for." he said slowly, "for without her
I should . not have known you." He
stopped and picked up a bit of gravel
from the pathJ "And' without her ad^
vent '• here to-night I should not have
dared; to tell you for 'sometime that I
love you."
The girl beside him moved away just
a trifle. - ;' ■ Tg^lHiiiartft
"You will, think me an- unutterable
cad for saying this, but it seems neces
sary to speak or lose you, and I don't
want to do that. If you don't care for
me, please believe that I am sincere."
vvnat.
"Believe I mean it?"
Another and a longer pauscw
• « T-» _ ,__.. *V* ■■ is *'f a WM[-*Tff rnrss*irr(l«Kssfly
I Do you?A
Good
Samaritan
(There being no names to publish this
week the Puzzle Editor gives you
a quaint little story submitted for
the Children's Christmas page by a
Portland writer.)
ONE afternoon Janet and her
Aunt Earn went downtown to
see Santa Claus, who was visit
ing for a few days before Christ-
mas at one of the big depart
ment stores, and after shaking hands
with the jolly old fellow and seeing
his snow covered sleigh and reindoor,
Janet and Aunt Emma walked
through the doll department, where
Janet fairly held her breath in won
der and admiration, for no matter
where she looked she saw the most
beautiful dolls looking down at her
and smiling in a happy way until she
■wondered which of them Santa Claus
would put into her stocking.
While she was admiring them and
trying to decide which she liked the
very best, the brown haired dolls or
those with yellow curls, her aunt told
her they would now go over to the
hospital department and visit the lit
tle sick dolls. And sure enough,
ttiere on a counter Janet saw a great
many sick and wounded dolls of all
llnils piled in a cruel heap under
neath a sign bearing in black letters.
"Tour choice for 5c"
Janet's little heart at once went out
to the poor little creatures and whis
pering cautiously to her aunt so as
not to disturb the little invalids she
asked If she might take one of them
home and put it to bed in her little
white doll bed, for she was sure she
could nurse it back to health again.
»o Aunt Emma and she looked them
over and what a sad sight to see one
poor doll with both china feet broken
off and one with its nose broken and
one arm gone. Surely it must hav«
been a terrible train wreck to have
hurt bo many dolls so badly.
Aunt Emma picked up one who had a
dreadful rip in her aide, and whenever
She was moved the least bit the saw
dust came pouring out. She was a
pretty little eirl doll, with brown curls
and brown eyes, and the reddest of lips
and cheeks. Aunt Emma said she was
named Jennie and that she thought
Jennie would recover with proper
treatment. ';
Then there was anofher poor doll
with blue eyes and yellow hair and the
sweetest of chubby, pink faces. Her
name was Susie and Janet liked her
very much. She felt badly when she
saw that Susie's arm was almost
off and Just hanging by a thread. Aunt
Emma thought they could also cure
Susie.
Janet next discovered a poor little
colored doll named Toppy, whose kinky
hair was almost off and fell back re
vealing a bald little head. Janet was
worried for fear Topsy was too sick to
ever get well again and pulled her own
hair Just once and decided it must
have hurt poor Topsy dreadfully ; to
have had hers pulled so hard.'
Aunt Emma had the three sick dolls
carefully wraased In* medicated paper,
so as pot to run any risk of their get
ting worse, and Janet carried them
home and began at once to relieve their
suffarlnjr. "<'*..'■..:.-.;«..
She aroused Mary: Jane from the:lit
tle bed in which she. was sleeping and
sat her In a corner, scolding her -'for
being such a sleepy-head,\ and*' then
went at her task of getting the ; little
befis In . readiness . to. receive the little
'patients Just as soon as the operation*
•were over, for Aunt Emma said they
would all -have to undergo an opera
tion.
After she had the three little beds In
a row. with the covers turned back.
Aunt Emma called her to. help in, the
operation on Susie, who would have to
take chloroform so that It would. not
hurt so badly. So Janet held a piece
of cotton under Susie's nose while 'Aunt
Emma carefully sewed Susie's "'' arm
back securely to her body so neatly
tnat Janet could scarcely find the
Etitches, and Susie was put to bed to
recover from the effects of the chloro
form, t j
Next came Jennie and after Aunt
Emma was sure that Jennie was sound
asleep, she took an instrument,. that
looked like a needle, only longer, and
sewed a piece of chamois skin carefully
over the wound in the doll's side.' Janet
then tied a bandase over the wound
and tucked Jennie snugly. in her. little
bed. . . . ■ • ' ■''■'.
Topsy's wound was a little more,dlf.-t'
ficult . to heal. : but after a., moment's***
thought Aunt Emma said she' had
6om« medicire in the library that sh«£
thought would cure Topsy/ and . soon f
NAME PUZZLES
A ; >Puzzle -Answer From ' ; Hanover, * Germany.
came .back:.. with a small. brush .and a
bortl'ej labeled .""Glue." 7 Janet /gave the
little: colored doll chloroform,' and 'Aunt
Efrjirut /raised > Topsy's ■ kinkv.'.wlg-and
spread some of the .wonderful .medicine
on •' her ' little ; bald ~ : head." * Then " Aunt
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
Emma-jgentlyi pressed the, kinky hair
into place and bound a bandage tightly
around ■; Topsy's head. ; If. would :*take
several -days- for ■ herKto?: recover,. ; so :
Janet : moved ; the '. little bed ' over : in ' the '
corner,, where Topsy 'would not" be ;an^
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
Well,, children, 'this weekithe list of books. chnnges again. The Puzzlej Editor hns had a hard time
getting ,a new series. of books thnt-iwould be h, fitting^reCvard for-your ;worlc and he has at last secured
a" series which "are really ' beautiful.',^ Tlioy are all worksTof^the great* poets Vnd will do splendidly to give
variety to that \llttle library wlUch f we hope you are /all acquiring. *; v'V;.! * J' r/
Now for the puzzles this wTOkVv(,Tliere^flre>repi^cn^cl"her e :thc articles sold in a dry
goods store. There are only two > words 'of: two syllables, 'one; of; which "is. "neck tie."
. Here, a re. some particular poliits(Ut6.7bear . f 'ln'rmihd'%\A^\VAYSjiBISyAnsOlA7r^TL : C^BTAl^i THAT
YOU GIVE YOUR^ADDRESS COm\EC^LY, ; AXD J l.EGIB]LY,' for: several 'dozen books have : been returned
because of Incorrect "addresses. ''Sp' If your namV was 'published and you did not receive'; a book please
wrlietp r tho PuzzlcjEditor. /.-^ . ■••■,-"", V ■ -.-TV ';C ; ''!v vV-'/ : '".
xREJIEMBER; THE- itULES^COXCERNlNGLPICTIIRESLV^ Don't send in ontoned proofs or stamp
pljotos,.un!.'3s ihey^nre very, plain. 'Those, who workVliartl^Tiut are . ho 'unlncky as -to Just miss may get their
picture in as n reward fojv trying.. Pictui^ "never- appear «t : the same^tln:e .vrlth the names."
TllEKK -AliL' O.\t: UV>iDK.Kl* "AA1> fiFi'i "•-*i»iUZSS^ and tbJa U \rhnt-jou moj.t'd6 to win one of
Uiem: . /■■*■ / v . '■■ ;■■.,'_ ■'_■.':' : K-.y'^'- ',';■''=''. '. ■ -^ '■ - ,: . '. '. • '':.rV. ■ ■,',^-'-'' ''-'"■'. : - ' ' .'
V- ■; 'Find the names of i art in the space
opposite jthe proper corresponding ;mm^ page, as per
directions; fill -In the troupon withybur f liamcfa^id Tnddrcgs., and- the prize > you r desire — if you win — -and send
'tlio'coupbn-:tolUio : 'EbjTOR
s. f. *t.ifEJliEMBKK--To the 1 FIRST ON K II UXDUKDVAXU -VIITY; iJOYS AND GIRLS who solve the elghj
pnzsles'vcb'rrectly^onelor;-^ these ."<iiVK;7lU>'l>RE^rANp^Fl>TrX^Bl^b~rjFVi;;PRlZES:wlU''.bc awarded.
1 '•:'- , And 1 don't i forget: this next polnu because It; Is very itnportaut: \-"' A1.L ANSWERS MUST REACH THIS
OFFICE 'BY FRIDAY NOOXJ ' Thls : gliW ! nil • those - In .the, country an equal chance to compete. Read
everything' on this p'agc.v tb r be . wire that you overlook nothing that \ %tIH help you fo win a prize.
' THE* NAMES OF>THE:LU0KY"\VIXXEliS AVULLBE PUBLJSilED IX THE ,SUXDAY : CALL TWO
.WEEKS FROM TO-DAY*: January I;.; \i , [
'■Thcse;<are" ; the 1 ,TEN.'-B.EAUTIF_ULi'':BOOKS from which you may choose if yon solve all the puzzles cor
rectly: '"V -rjl'X"- •"" -I'l- ,' : ''■■'■ ''■■'.'-■ '--- ■■ '■' --■ '■ ' ■■• ''■-'■:''*-'. '-;■"''-.-'' ''. ' -■■■■■ ■■ '
Hoilyberrles .froirit'IMckchs; ; Roses] from 'Longfellow;: Pansles fron»:Shakespeare: : Violets from Tenny
son; Daisies Stevenson ;^^Pearls \ from NWhlttlcr; Gems from . James Whltcomb Riley ; Gems from Whit
tier; Gems from ''-Lowell;. Gems from rimerson. : ' * ; .
noyed by Mary Jane's staring, at; her.
•v. For. Iseveral . days >? Janet: nursed ■ the
little invalids faithfully.' and gave them
sweetened Vwater:regularly, Just as she
had 'seen the ? doctor Rive her mamma
medicine when k she was v sick.. -And
/ ; JANUARY 1st BEGINS
IThe Brethren"
■ "H"* rvlLvCrv -H ACiiCij ARL3 ■'S iJ3.tf?^t - •I\"C>V6i
soon the little . patients .were v able to be
up once' more and sit ;on. the"! big porch,
under the palms » while their loving lit- V
tie j nurse :; to!d \ them .beautiful \ tales tfit
Santa' Claus " or made Uhem pretty . hats",
out of the leaves and' thorns df the rose.
bushes, for Janet -lived in California,
where . the roses bloom at Christmas
and Santa' Claus comes in* an automo
bile. MRS. MABEL HASTEN,
"■■.->* • ; 991 East Main street,
■ ",: Portland, Ore.
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
" and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Gall, SL F.
To Puzzle Editor, iraaday Call,
Son Francisco:
• Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of articles sold in a
dry goods store m this week**
puzzles;
■
■JpjSSJSBJSflSJBJjBSttJSjC
December IS, f9Ol»
N'amo »■»■■*»■■—
■
Street or P. O.. .......... w «..
z
dty ••.#•••
State
" If I win I choose for of£s»
t -
; (Sec List of Prize*.) ;no_text. '.■/■.;■
> • w ES," said a girl's Tolce, "we
* • 7 I are devoted to animals In
I j this house."
>->] "Meaning dogs?" said a
<L— I man Eitting on the other
side of the hearth.
"Well. yes. meaning: cats dogs
ar.d horses, and anything else that
comes under the category of domestic
animals. Living in Queen's House
crescent, and having no carriage, be
cause we have all our work cut out to
keep Queen's House-crescent going
■without that luxury, means having no
horses. We had them once — we haven't
got them now. But
we have two dogs
and three cats."
"And you ' like
cats best?" per
sisted the man.
"No. I don't know
that I do. I like
all animals, just as
I do the majority
of people. I am
quite devoted to
Oscar, and Oscar is
equally devoted to
every one of us.
Oh, yes, we have
had him a long
time, six or seven
years. Little Tim
we took in out of
the street one bit
ing March day. The
maid who brought
him in thought he
was not up to
much. I saw, as
eoo n as I cast my
eye over him, that
he would turn out
a beauty. And so
he has — not only a
beauty, but the
monarch of
Queen's House
erescent." -"&fi$£ptt
"And the cats?"
"Oh, the cats!
Well, there's Motri., m , vmr . mtim
wenna, she's a black lady of no partic
ular value, Just a piece of ordinary
English black velvet, guaranteed never
to go off color, and warranted to wear
well. Then there's a blue Persian,
whom we call Arbuthnot Woods. He
is a person of value, and a gentleman
of fortune, possessing real property in
the shape of silver cups, medals and
collars. But the pride and darling of
my heart is Maudie Marguerite."
"MaudJe Marguerite Is a cat?" said
the men.
Tes. I suppose an unfeeling person
would call her a cat."
"Oh," cried another voice. Just be
yond the ring of light cast by the fire.
"EfBe believes in a rather queer creed
•where her animals are concerned. She
believes they all have souls."
"And eo do you," .rejoined EfBe.
"And eo I do. I love my animals;
they are always the same, they never
turn on one, they are never spiteful. If
they do by chance happen to scratch
or bite, they neve^ mean it."
"And Maudie Marguerite is a Per
sian?"
"Tee, a Persian.".
"Blue?"
"No, not blue. She is a golden tabby
with amber eyes," Eflle Harkaway re
plied. -
The voice from the big chair beyond
the ring of light ' broke In again.
"MautJie Marguerite is a very nice Per
sian tabby, what is i ordinarily known
among tshow people as' a French long
haired cat."
"Nothing of the kind," rejoined Effie.
"She's a rich golden-brown color, heav
ily marked with black, with eyes of
amber. French tabbies, as a rule, have
eyes like green jade, and Maudie.Mar- ;
guerite has none of the usual marks
of a French tabby."*.
"As how?*
"Well, a French long-haired tabby
usually has very long : limbs, and : a
larger head than you find in the major
ity of Persians, and they, are gray and
black, without .any; tawny tints. ;This
little cat is squarely made, thick In. her
body, rather 6hort and : stumpy, on her
legs. Her feet are not ': very ' small' and
have tufts of black fur between :. the
toes. She has a bushier look than you
usually find in a French cat.- ' On - her
forehead the black marks -make a'dis
tinct M on the tawny, background,
■which is the reason we have called
her Maudie Marguerite."
- •
by offering a consideration for short stories equal to that paid: byxtHe* ! r/^^; ';/;/:■• •'.;.• " }!y -.\.^. ':;:[.:"< L\ ;,■':■■:' \'/\ll<y- story will be considered that is less 'than 3500 nor more than
best magazines, and for the purpose of bringing young and unknown $?*- f? W W^ &0^ J&^^L *?£% f "^kJP'' 35cp wprds in length. The length of the story must be marked in
writers to the front, the Sunday Call announces a weekly fiction con- ' iysil R ".iff Hjf H . B §S l| war if plain figures. ■ • • •
test in which a cash prize of $50 will be paid each week for the best U fit W^ JT^ J& $sJ§ Jl *%'*& £k%±». $/ t u • • * . . „«.
story submitted. There is no section of America more, fertile in "ma--/"' .; • ■ ; ™* •■ . ** . . In the selection of stones names will not count. The unknown
terial for fiction or more prolific in pens gifted to Rive' spirit ito the --■•-'■■ ■-■ . -■.-.'.. writer will have the same standing as the popular author,
material at hand than is California and the West. Therefore; the Sun-- ,. . g . ; " ''*>.■*»! *H
day Call offers S50 for the best story submitted each week by a West- J*M}&s. f8®5ST ; -"'-;JHHifc"-' v ■ IMf&WAB^ As one of the obi'ects of the Sunday Call is to develop a new corps
ern writer. Stories of Western life and Western' characters will, as a \. «*f^«g2». ■ ffiPr®^ ~ '^^BP'HHi • ' t#PBllk of Western writers no stories under noms de plume will be considered-
rule, be given the preference, but all strong stories, and especially : % . ; M*™; Wi ' ifliMl a story earns publication it will be well worth the writer's name.
strong stories, by new writers, will receive careful, consideration. fiSlal&w fiffifil^' ' 1W H3 ' ■ JhML^ " f ;Vf ;"'*": l\/
Each story will be iudeed strictly upon its literary merit. Type- • '^j ;^^Bfel -Stories not accepted will be returned at once.. Those selected
written copy is the easiest to read and will receive the first consider- h« jfl%£a pa 131 H^'finfl tart KpeS will be published one each week. .
ation from the editor, but do not hesitate to send a story in hand- ' *lg£knJtt • *BBBlJS& '' ' WttifliMffl "■ v
writing if you cannot afford to have it typewritten. - ■ ' ' AJI81^ r-v V^BHHr ' This fiction contest will be continued indefinitely.
Fifty dollars in cash for a story of not less than 2500 words and • B •' -..". ' • - '■■.. \\/i
not more than 3500 words is approximately $17 per thousand words, -."'.' — . : ' , —•:;<' >\ An? author may submit as many manuscripts as he desires, but no
or 1.7 cents per word. The highest price paid by the leading magazines - ;^- •■'-' ■ ■•--^'c,.i,^iri *^ i.%1 ■' - - - '■ ■ ■■ ■■ ■-■" ; ■'• writer will be permitted to win more than three prizes during the
for the work of any but the very best, writers is rarely more than !r~ % r ■« • • .^"OWlUea IO Ilie'~ ., ...... . ; contest. ' -
two cents a word, more often one cent and a half, and generally one ■ ' "^ ' c '■• '- 1 - ~: ■■-. -£•- "■'-... '■ '■'■■■ • : ' - 1 . "
cfnt. With the majority of maeizines the writer, after his storv is ac- Ha' • B^ HlH 'H?^' *%JP d^^* J&k f? H Always inclose return postage. No manuscripts will be returned
ceptcd, is compelled to wait until the publication of his story before » II i%8' a W &J&, H^ H £jb m H ' un^ss accompanied by return postage,
•he is paid, a period of seldom less than six months, and usually from %Jp £ >Q ®Jr &iki M A^%k i&m*f ".>/•: • X/1II .
nine months to a year. , The stories accepted in this contest will be ; . t.V , > . ... ; ; *■"'■, - ... „ ■•""". :^. '^ .-^^T *F mr -. Write on one side of paper only; put name and address legibly on
paid for immediately upon publication, and will be published on the : ; ' . -"- v -' ~ : --^- •■■•' • ' ----- ■• ■ •■■ ■■ •- ,. l ast pa ge, and address to the SUNDAY EDITOR OF THE' CALL,
first Sunday following the rodfing of the week's manuscripts. *- -:^'>^*M«m-SrSiv' - v '.- ; —ai- " ' SAN FRANCISCO, CAL: : ' .' v
■'■■ '. •*-'! /v ;.. -.'-, j " . V : ... ."'■'■-
"May I see this paragon?" asked the
man." . ; '; . '. ■_ ;';-,' ■' '
"Certainly; I shall be. proud. to show
her to you*. :" Stay here and f talk;tbGer
aldine, and I will find the Altogether
Adorable.": : \ ; ; •„ ;
The girl whisked out, of her big chair
and crowed the big studio toward the
door. '■;.:_ ;: ■- :.• ' . . ■'; " ...\
■"Turnron the lights as. you go out,
Effle," said Geraldlne, and in a moment'
•half : :-a" dozen '-electric flight*,' delicately,
shaded, flooded the apartment with a
delightful radiance. Geraldlne Harka
way got up from her lounging chair
and went nearer to the fire.
"You -have started her on her pet
subject. Mejor Bruce," she said, laugh
ing a little. - "Effle is mad on animals."
"And children?" he put in. '
"Yes, I think, she would be very kind
to children . if , they came in , her .way.
They do not come very much In our
way. | Three sisters and a brother living
together, all grown up, we haven't a
cousin in the world,MS,nd most of our
friends are Bohemians like ; ourselves.
Somehow \ we know -very .little about
children. we lived in France we
always gave to the Little Sisters who
came begging for the orphanages, and
now we are In London wq, send some
thing at this time of the year— as, much
as we can afford— to one of the recog
nized ways of entertaining the ." poor
kiddles, and taking them out of their
squalid surroundings. So these cats
and dogs of ours fill d very real.want
In our lives. 1 do not know myself
that Maudle Marguerite is all, as a
beauty,*. that Effle, describe* her... .You
may think her ' a' very, ordinary ' epeci-,
men of a longrhalred tabby. 1 ; "
"A golden tabby' wilh anioer eyes,"
Major Bruce .repeated," in: a musing
tone. : "It Js a pretty description, Miss
Geraldlne." ;'
"Yes, .very pretty. I arh^raintlng her
portrait I like , painting,; animals. I
would i rather be ,* , a C< second -i Madame
Ronner for, choice,*,' you ' l:now, than I
would' paint; the* portraits Tor 'fair, fat
anti . forty,' everi if . I got • paid ; in three
figrurea for : every one of r r them. See,
there It ', is,!! the said, . pointing ; to V a
half -finished portrait of : a .. cat ; on : an
easel nearby.. .\j^ . « /. -
Major'. Bruce' "got'up* and leis
urely across the hearth to get a better
look at the, picture. "Your, work Is un
commonly v; strong -• and :. uncommonly
Rood. I shouldn't ■ be a'- bit .: surprised
if you turned out a second Madame
Ronner. By the bye, MiS3 Geraldlne,
have you ever tried your hand " at
horses?"
"I :have." r . ■
. "I wish you, would take. a commission
from me." I have got a favorite charger,
-who was with 1 me all through^ the war
Most of the -fellows *left \ their foui:
footed friends behlni ! 'yheri. they came
home. I .was lucky, enough- to keep
mine ; with me all the \time. i He < was
never sick or sorry? hj. single day, and
more than - once - he- saved - my -life.".™.
"I should love, to paint him for you."
said Geraldine 'Harkaway/ . "Do you
want a big picture or a liitle one, a
THREE
INCHES
OF SNOW
fancy picture or a: portrait?". '
"Oh, I want a portrait, absolutely '.a
postralt. A respectable Bize— as big as
that," 'pointing to a large canvas -that
stood: against. the wall. , .-•
"All i fight. I shall ; have ■: to come •, to
his stables. and paint him ' in the yard.
there is nowhere here to pose an anir
mal of. that, size."*:? '..';•: ..'■' . _^
. . "I will , make ; every .'. arrangement,'-'
said Major; Bruce. >-" VI think I;can;par
range • for - you ; to ; ' * ' ■■■-"
patnt I him : under
cover. You could
not, possibly .-Y:' isit
outside this weathr
er.' There is a; feel-
ing of snow In the
air to-day, / It Ms
nippingly cold with
a sting in the wind !
which always be
tokens the same thir, b . ,,,..
''Well," Bald Geraldlne, "if ,you,can
™L arran se -tor-- me to . work under
Smfj \ e u could walt tm the weather Is
a little bit more genial.!' ' •''.
rv w*!? 8 '^?* 1^ Is np particular, hur
£■«'♦ t u * ' Mlss E ffle— oh ! : haven't you
got the cat?" ;-;••-,
. "Oh. I can't • flnd her anywhere.^ I
have searched the house. from top to
bottom."
n S1 J!1, Is hIdIn ff somewhere," said
Geraldlner "you know what a mis
chievous thingr she is. ■ Last njght' we
looked for her everywhere.'- literally
from roof to cellar.. V We madei up -our
minds that she had -gone— gone -for 1
ever, and where do you think we found
her? - . , : - ■■ • /
"Nay, how can I tell." ■
.VWell, she was curled . up in a big
china bowl on the top of that; press—
in that bowl./ She might have stayed
there for a week,">we should never have
thought of looking^ there for her" but
my .brother came in to put. out the
lighta and saw; the -lady emerge from
her hld'.ng place." >-f ' .; 4 • v.
< //Perhaps she Is there now," fiuggested
Effle.. I , : " • ' ■ ■'
. BUtthe, Altogetheri'Adorable was not
hidden ;in the bigchina bowl.
* Presently, Major Bruce took his leave
with a .promise ; to ' come back the ' next
Rfternoon to tell. Geraldine .what ar
rangemehts'he had been' able ' : to i make
for the commission '.which* he had 'Just
given -her. • .*."". v, ? ' : - ; ':-7'l s 7
. "Gerrie,'.' , said . Eflle, when ' the- door
had -closed behind hinv '/tliafs-a nice
manl?.; „ :■■.': ',..'•:. ■ ;. : ' ■■'-■; .- : ". .; ;
'.-.- '.'He is a nice man. ■ lit has jiisfgiven
me'a'CQmm".s$ioni"£ ;";.'';
•' "A'comnitgHion??,.' v' ; / jj.. \~S., r^l^'.^
iVA'Mt to paint a favorite charger that
wan I. ail - through the; war , with him '-'
* "Didi-you settle. a" price?""
j'No.^we never, mentioned it. "I. have
never, painted a hprse as a commission,'
ar.d'I shall ,leave»th.e price tp him." '
"I think you'can. very, safely do that/'
said : Blffle, with* a I, light laugh.' Their
confidences '. were disturbed by the "en
trance of Winifred, x the i third of " the
Bisters.'-' \ ';; . •. -:?•<../■] ■-■■■>---.:/■
, '.'Qh, roy; dears, how cold j It" \la." said
she. "I have never , been out-on such
THE SAN -i FRANGISGO SUNDAY, GALIl
a bitter' day In. the whole . course of my
.life.. ■:■ By the c way, I hope '= you '.two;
won't mind. ; Ihave invited Dickie Mid- ,
• dletoh ; tor &p'end v : Christmas ■•_ day. ■ with
us.V -.:: ' ; :?iX? '■'■>"' '■'■••■'-'■ '■ •*"• ■*■.'-"■:■■'
r t '.'Dickie, Middletori! Why? 1 ! : -'. , . .: . .
; 'i/Oh.l because 'he; was so lonely jand*
so'; wretched; ,",He thbught;he' was gof ;
. inBr-ydown | into }the country.' but vthe.
. people ■ he was going to have got \ scar-"
..lot fev<?r,,and..JDickle.was so ineffably-
.miserable pt the V Idea of spahding
Christmas at his club."
V "AH right,: the. more. the merrier. We
might 4iave askedi* Major/Bruce." .
.'--That was what he' was spelling for.
Why didn't you?" :
' "Why didn't I? Well, I knew he was
spelling far it."
"You might just . as .well. All ; alone,
poor chap, .with 5 not a soul to speak to;
on/, leave— not ; even ;? his ;,reslment to
cheer him up, poor; fellow!"
v "Oh, weJj,"- said Winifred, easily, Vit
is a very simple 'matter to rectify that.
I will drop him a note to-night and tell
him'if he has5riothing"'better r to dd."'^.'
can put in~* Christmas day here. I
shouldn't ba a' bit sUrprised if we; have •
a white' Christmas. t;Itiwas. beginning i
to snow I when I came, in,, and the, cold"
is something horrible." . , - : t
In due course : of "time the three:girlH
sat down; to dinner.. RoyjHarkaway, -
the brother,- who lived with; them,7and>
was, as Eflle put.it; their, greatest pal,^
was dining ouUthafnight.iBo'the three;,
sisterssat at the < round! table together.
■ It was . at the: end' of * the m'eal,"r when .:
the smart parlor •* maid brought lnUhe '
.coffee, that the"subject of Maudle Mar
guerite came "uppermost. :
"If: you 'please, Miss,", said the maid,
addressing, herself to Maudie Margue-:
rltbV owner, "we "cannot find : Maudle.
Marguerite anywhere." •« ,,. i',-^^
M'-'And jl canndf find .her. anywhere;
% Simpson," ; Effle?replled.% '.'Youido not
think she has got out?" i r^ ; .'.■'■ >.
v:i 'T-. don't iknbwfwhenf she^could jhaya
jgot r out.VrShe'haa not'beenidown.in the
; kitcheh since lunch time.- She generally:
icomes doWii"forJhe'r,hot milk . at!after;\
i>rioon,;rteatime.'**:;I have never;? known
: her" to".ieayeitvyo" meals and ".hear, two,
,be\la without!: coming^ for; her ■ food: ■ , I
havesearched'all over. the.' house. Miss
Kffie. Kllen^arfd'I have .been searching ;
while. you; were at dinner. We haven't
.left a corner. V'j^^SBB^HSWiBBBBBBbBB
■ Then the 'hue and: cry -began, but It .
i was : very.;: soon u evident, that , Maudie
' Marguerite. . was .i missing. ;.' There was ,
no; lack of interest' in- conducting the
■ search: ;\The -house .was 'carefully :gone;
over Z fromT" roof * to t- basement. • : E very i(
-.drawer^; and .wardrobe i»> searched,^
- every ■ basket * and* box Vas opened; • but
there was '■ no Maudie Marguerite.
•'■• ■-:■'• ■ "■■:■■..■■•■• ; ; - ii.' ■ :■■-■-■• ;;
'.': There :was ■ desolation and woe ; in the
hqn&e of ; Harkaway; for.when the cold
arirti' wintry.*. morn';- broke upon a white
worlds the- Altogether ; ; Adorable was
still:'.? missing from her ' accustomed
place.'-; \-'/ : '\ ' '. '.":. ."- -.." --. : ' -'-.-:?/
,T "Three' inches of snow," said Effle,
when : she ' same down ■ to bre.akf ast—
."threi inches of .snow! , And that little
If creature, i who , has
||Tneyer-b«eh xput in
« the 7' cold ' In - her
hffe^out Vin this!'*;
v-andi she; flunk her
ifhands' out with a
traffic gesture.
"Oh,, she crept in
sornewfcere," paid
Geraldine. -
X "Oh,; /yea, into
; a:V ; ■ ' : a" some coal hole
some damp, evll.sinelllng coal hole."
That's better than' the snow and
wind," said 'Winifred.. .
"Oh, It is . a ; poor beat. No warm
milk; no basket lined with -warm-flan
nel. The best: is a damp, dark, noieoma
coalhole.";. -Sk^Ml? %
: "The question , Is," said Geraldine,
whatareyou going; to do?"
VTo do? :i I;don't, know what to do.
Shall --I /make-' a, pilgrimage' to alt the
houses in * Queen's " , House-crescent,
ring up the servants, with apologies,
say ? ci\;il ; things, > only to be : told : that
;th«y ■ haven't ; Been ■ her,* but they'll , send
her i homei if ' they < do'— i know." '
-"I Should certainly go to all the
houses in the Crescent," said Winifred,
sensibly. ;;.:.^; ; '^'*; : ,, : ',r: : V^--- " "'■■.■<£;'<
v"I will.'f cried Effle.* .■ "I will go : - to
every one but No. 16. -I won't go to No.
i6.v ■ ».•••;
""Why hot No. 16?" "
\,"Oh, the;. mari'^mightr' think I was
making an excuset~-'!~ -^ i> , _ ;
"I don't think," ;"s'aid Geraldine, v ."that
he looksithat kind'of^manrJI^thlnkhe
is;a;painter, orhe wouldn't have taken'
a-houseVwith such i a*, big : studio!-.Be
sides,' you:wouldn't seo him. 1 ' "■' '■ '-:.,
- "I saw. him \ the - other,; day? as I ;• was
going dov.n the street,'.'. said Effle. '.'-"Hb
looked 1 at rae'ln such' an odd way— as
If « he • knew /me." ! /, :* - r -.-;r.- - v»,,
; "Or/ as I if " he ■ wanted to know you ?"
put; in <,,-- ;-,;v.. ■•
; , V Well; • yes— as If : he wanted to "„ know
me/| No,t no,; I ; wouldn't go to No: 16—
noit not 5 for,? the world!" .
•S "Then":? there's another thing ,you
might .^ do. /'Put r bill in -every shop
window "all. round the neighborhood."- *
of :bill? Printed?" -. .
: "Have it j printed If you : like, jbut ' you
could; 1 do' iti.wlth ai,brush, and -some
sepia. ;, Gerrle ; might • draw* a * portrait
from , memory : of poor ; Maudie 1 Margue
rite.".-:.:. . ,.,' . -_ : ■;,
V'l wish,'' . .flashed Kffle, , "you
wouldn' t; make > & Joke iof .; it; ,- We " shall
never get her ' back^lf Jyou ; make; a Joke
of. it^very.influence:ls'agalnst'Jt."
■-■/•"Oh^nonsehso!" •; c^ied „ at
which? Geraldine, shot a warning | glance
at 'her.tmeaning. that. Effle,. the pet and
baby.'of the estabHshment;]must notlbe
teased, on * subject which lay so near
, her heart.
-It was Geraldlne who sketched out
half a dozen descriptions of the Alto
gether. Adorable, using a big brush and
making a very effective placard; it was
Guraldlne who helped Effle in her in
.quiripe, and in going round the shops
whjch were nearest to Queen's House
crescent; and it was Geraldine who.
when the, pilgrimage from one end of
Queen's House-crescent. to the othar
wos completed, suggested that she
should go across and make inquiries at
No; 16. • ' • .
'. "No, not No. lB-^not for the world,",
said Effle. '
;"But I should only speak to the parlor
maid, and I have seen her several times
before." > '
'"No. not No. 16. I have a feeling
against it." ifs$&9p9B©Sfel!
"Oh, if you have a feeling 1 against it.
that "is another matter.". -;
•.:■;. Arid -so the sisters ;went into the
house again, and at lunch, as' had been
the cast at breakfast", time, the. lost
Maudie Marguerite was 'the one topic
of conversation. _.'
It was Christmas morning, Christmas
■ in dirty London. Ths "church bells were
ringing through the snow, which was
trying very hard to" make the world re
splendent, and to cover up the dirt
and; misery of a London winter. The
tr^cs !n the moon-shaped ihclosure
which gave Queen's House T crescent Its
name were white and .dainty, but the
roads and pavements were in an inde
scribable state of squalid-looking, half
frozen mud. Christmas, day ; was qjilte
spoilt for the Harkaways. The; great
pile of letters and parcels .which arrived
about 11 o'clock w«re ' as v Dead ' Sea
fruit, because Effle was. so unhappy at
the absence of the Altogether Adorable.;
"Come, we may as well enjoy our*
presents," said Winifred.
"Oh, yes," chimed in Geraldine;
"come. Effle, there's a present for. you .
from Bobby. Myers."
"Yes, I. see there's something from
. Bobby Myers. I will open "Hi oh, yes,
.1 .will "open it. "I wonder If *I: were to
put a- bill in the window— what do you
think?"
. "Oh, my dear, there! will be nobody
passing."
"I have a feeling that if I were to put
a bill in the window— Gerrie, write me
a bHl." , .; . , . ■•;
So Geraldine left her parcels and
quickly fashioned a bill setting forth a
brief description of the lost adorable,
one.
"I shall put it in the dining-room
window,"'. said Effl«, "and then every
one who passes will read it. Half the.
shops are shut to-day."
.."Of course," they are all shut, and
only some of them will keep their win
dows open."
Away went Effle, carrying the- sheet
of paper in her hand. "Poor Effle, , I
do wl?h Maudie Marguerite would turn
up, or. »!yen if she's ..dead, that,, we
knew," said' Geraldine pitifully, as, the
door, closed 'behind her, younger sister.
."She i wlir turn up," said Winifred.'
"Mark my words; she will turn up. But,
all .the /same,' even: if she. do«sj- two
■ nights out : In this , horrible weather are
enough U-. to :: 'finish oft a little delicate
creature like i that." '< ■
Then Effle; came "in again, and, with
.the, feeling of ; having taken one more
step toward \ the recovery of , Maudle
Marguerite.' began to .open her letters
with < more | zest than :she had •■ shown so
far. .'They had not finished their.pleas
ant, task before a great peal came at
' the front door.\ ' "-/ , '.
"That's Major Bruce,". said Winifred.
vwas;not ; MaJor, Bruce; ;; on .the ; con-"
tran'.Simpson^ broadly 'smiling, usher
ed in the young man from No. 16 carry
ing Sunder * his * arm .' a ; very 'sleek and
prosperous-looking Maudie Marguerite.
•'"T think' this is 'your 'property." he
- said, as he' advanced into \ the studio.
He lqoked from: one to, the other of the
Uhree sisters, not- ; knowing, whom .to
pointedly address. Effle rushed forward
and > seized . Maudie Marguerite in her
arms. .
- "Oh; my. little duck, my darling! Oh.
where did' you find, her? We know who
=- you 'a re; but we don't know your name.
You live at Not ' llaHHHHPH
. "Yes," teaid ; the young man. ■ laughing:
a little. ,"I ido; live at No. . 16, and my
" parpe i« Carthew.v •
* "Cafthew!" echoed the ~ three sisters
in the sunle breath. "Geoffrey Car
1 the w ?"
."The: same, ladles, at ypur. service.
. You ' see. I am ' beforehand with ; . you/. I
, know your name. .- 1 . have not been in
England lonp. and I have been abroad
for so long that I scarcely know.a soul
in London. I am very bold, very, im-
pertinent, but may I say 2 am very
glad this little pet of yours was lost,
because It has been the means, If you
will allow it so. of introducine us."
"Oh, yes, of course," cried Geraldide,
■who was an artist before everything
else-^'of course, we are only too de
lighted to make your acquaintance.
Sure 1 - Maudie Marguerite's . introduc
tion Is good enough for anybody."
"Do you call her Maudie Margue
rite?" Goeffrey Carthew inquired.
"Yes. that is her name, but we almost
always call her the Altogether Ador
able."
**And she belongs to you?"
"No, to my sister here. She !s pet
to all of us, but she belongs to Effle."
"And do tell me," said Effle, finding
her voice at last— "do tell me, how did
you find her?"
"Well, it was like this. I. was coming
home the night before last, quite late,
when I ran against this little creature
in the station entrance."
"The s cation entrance?**
"I saw it was a kitten of value — I
know something about cats— and it was
much too cold and wet and slushy to
be dawdling about trying to find its
owner, so I carried it home."""
"Was she wet?" said Effle, in an
anxious voice.
!v "Wet! She was th» most miserable
little specimen of a kitten I ever saw
in my life. Her legs were like sticks,
she was wet through, and her com
plainings were pitiful to hear." '
"What did you do with her?" Effie
cried.
"Well. I handed her over to my
housekeeper. She, I believe, practically
washed her and dried her in a blan
ket-'.*
"Did she really?"
"Something of that kind. She was
stuffed with hot milk, and I really be
lieve she had a little brandy and water,
but certainly before I went to bed she
was dry and warm ana perfectly com
fortable. I see," he said, abruptly
changing the subject, and making a
gesture toward the easel nearest > to
him, ; "you have an artist here."
i "That is my sister," said Winifred,
indicating Geraldlne.
- . '.'I*- .must congratulate you. on. the
strength of your work— this is an ex
cellent bit of draw
ing."
He lingered for
some time over
Geraldlne's can
vases, and then
Major Bruce cam©
in with Roy Hark
away, and the story
of Maudie Mar
guerite's . recovery
was told over again.
Roy's thanks were
added to those ' of
his sisters. "We
are awful fools
about animals
here." he said, as
he grasped Geoffrey
Carthew's hand.
"By Jove! ■ If you
want to make new
friends, you could
not have a better
way of introducing
yourself." v fEgj|g
"I do want to
make new friends,**
said Geoffrey, look
ing straight into
th»* eyes of the
other. "I have been
out of England for
ten years. I don't
know half a dozen
men at my club:
hardly a soul in,
London and know of the family life
nothing at all."
"Then where are you going to spend
to-day?" said Effle.
"Oh. my servants want to be off on
their, own account, so I shall go to my
club." . .
"The brother -and sisters looked- at
each other, and then Winifred said.
with ; a pretty, elder sisterly air, "Mr.
Carthcw — er, would you mind — I don't
quite know — would you care— won't you
come and dine with us? We are hav
ing . a kind of free-and-easy day. Ma
jor Bruce has come now. We are go
ing to do all sorts of silly things this
afternoon, and sillier things this even-
Ing. i We made a bargain with our
servants that we should look after our
selves to-morrow. Do stop — take, us
as we are." • •
"I "should love to."
• • •
A year had gone by. again it was
Christmas day. Winifred Harkaway
sat -at the very late breakfast table
reading her letters.
"Here's another for you, Roy," she
said, throwing the missive ■ over to
wher* her. brother was sitting.
."Oh, It's from Gilbert," and he put
,the letter down beside him and went' on
reading the closely written sheet in his
- band.'ssJKnHqp •* -•'■
/'"Have you had a letter from Gerrle
this ."morning?" he asked.
. "Ob, yes. She is worrying a little at
our'being left alone together, you and
I, Roy." :
"Well, It's scarcely alone."
"Not alone at all." said Winifred-- "I
must write and tell Gertie how the
lunch goes off at No. 16, and how the
dinner goes off here to-night. Only
think, a year ago to-day ther» were
four of us, now Gerrie Is Mrs. Brrfce,
and wintering in Egypt, and Effle. in
spite of her determination not to give
the man at No. 16 the smallest encour
agement, la Ooeffrey Carthew's wife.
'What a funny world it is!"
"There's just one thing:." said Roy.
"If you want to get married. Win. you
had better set up your matrimonial
t*nt hare, and I can stay, on as your
: lodger."
"And If you." said Winifred, blushing
a r fine and rosy red, "if you should be
thinking of getting married, Roy "
"Hullo!" said Roy, "there's* Eme com
ing across the road with Maudie Mar
guerite under her arm."A CHRISTMAS
TREE
a a Y T is fifteen years since we met.
I dear," observed the matron.
jl "Fifteen long years," assent
ed the spinster, sighing.
"When I was here last," purused
Mrs. Trail, glancing round the com
fortable room, "your mother was alive
and your brother Frank had just in
herited the property. And you, Ellen?"
"I have lived here alone ever since."
eaid Miss Manners, with another sigh.
Then she waved her slim hand to
ward the window, through which
could be seen ihe glimmer of a
cnowy country. "TJiat is my world,
Gertrude. 1 After the death of Frank
and my mother, ten years ago. I
never left the neighborhood. My last
Journey was to Edinburgh when I was
called suddenly to Frank's deathbed.
But he passed away before I arrived,
poor boy."
"I remember," nodded the visitor
sympathetically. "You wrote and tolc\
me. Then Mrs. Manners died a yeai
later, leaving you alone."
Miss Manners nodded in her turn.
"I am always alone," she said pathet
ically, and sighed for the third time.
"I wonder you don't marry," ob
served Mrs. Trail abruptly.
Ellen rose as though the remark of
fended her and moved slowly to the
window. 'There is no chance of my
marrying, Gertrude."
"While there is life there is hope,
my dear."
•'There may not be the wish," re
torted Ellen, averting her face.
It was close upon 5 o'clock and the
night was darkening over the Arctic
landscape. A ruddy sunset glowed
behind streaks of black cloud and the
snows were tinted wiih crimson. Ei
len Manners could see through the
leafless park trees the brick wall en
circling her domain. Beyond appear
ed the square church tower and the
thatched cottage roofs around it. The
snow had ceased to fall, but the scene
looked desolate, cold and, in the lurid
sunset, most uncanny. With a shiver
the mistress of the hall turned to the
fire and, kneeling on the Persian rug,
warmed her thin hands thoughtfully.
The world would not have called
this woman of 40 beautiful. Her face
was pale and lined with sorrow and
her garments, were of unrelieved
black. She might have been in mourn
ing from her funereal looks, yet Mrs.
Trail knew that the late Mrs. Man
ners and her son had been dead for
ten years. Even the fondest affection
could scarcely prolong mourning for
such a time.
"Dear Ellen, do look more cheerful,"
eald Mrs. Trail, who was a rosy, stout
matron, fond of the good things of this
life, and especially of those appertain
ing to the table. "Remember it is
Christmas in two days, and we must
force ourselves to be happy during
so sacred a period. I always say that
to Mr. Trail when he grumbles about
the bills. Let us be light-hearted, love.
Why not give a party?"
"Xo," raid Miss Manners, hurriedly.
"I gave up entertaining when my dear
mother passed away."
"Still, a treat to the village childfen,
dear— a Christmas tree "
"Don't, Gertrude!" She lifted her
hand with a gesture of pain. "The last
Christmas tree we had at the hall was
Just before my cousin. Sir Harry, died.
Then— oh." she broke off, "shall I ever
forget the horror of that Christmas
eve!"
"Ellen!" cried the astonished Mrs.
Trail, "What do you mean?" ■
"Nothing. What should I mean? Let
us talk of other things. This little girl
you have adopted — tell nae about her."
"There Is little to tell, my dear. Mr.
'Trail and I, having no children of our
own, adopted this child to cheer our
heart*."
"Who is she?"
"So far as I know the daughter of a
man who writes for the newspapers. I
found him out through the rector of
our London parish. A very nice man,
but dreadfully poor. He loved Dor
othy — that's her sweet name, dear— and
not being able to keep her in comfort
he allowed me to take her away. She
writes once a year to her father, and.
sometimes sees him. She's a pretty
child," ended Mrs. Trail, complacently.
"What about the mother?"
"She has no mother, poor child. Her
father is a widower."
"What is his name?"
"There Is no need to mention it," re-
Jcined the matron, jealously. "We want
the child all to ourselves. She is Dor
cthy Trail. But there! my dear, I have
told you enough. What about your-,
self?"
Miss Manners stared into the burn
ing coals. "I have nothing to tell you,
Gertrude. My life is lonely. and dull.
I am glad you have come to "stay %\ith
me."
"Yet you have this lovely place and
plenty of money. I understood you in
herited the property when your brother
died."
"Yes. But I wish Frank had lived.,
even though we had remained as ooor
es when 1 was at school with you. I
was happy then, Gertrude. I have never
been happy eince."
"Who is the man?" Inquired the
matron, shrewdly.
Ellen flushed, and rose restlessly.
/•Why should there be a man?"
"My dear, you were much too pretty
a girl, not to have * attracted the love
of a man. You have loved . and have
been deceived. Hence your dismal life
and pessimistic views."
"You are' a witch, Gertrude." said
Ellen, trying to laugh, but winclnc. ,
"Ah! I thought I was right. Tell me
all about It, dear," and the good. lady
.ppttled hprself for an Interesting.-cos
"But MIfs Manners hesitated. "You
would only be . bored."
"Ellen," said- her school friend re
proachfully, "nothing concerning you
bores . me. Come, dear," she added,
coaxingly.
The other woman returned to kneel
on the rug and meditate. She- was
wondering how muchtor how little she
would tell her friend. Finally she ~ re
solved to be confidential. Gertrude was
a kindhearted little woman, if a trifle
frivolous. She .would be sympathetic
and silent. And after all these -weary
years of lonely thought it was a relief
to tell the sad.story. On the impulse of
the moment Ellen leant her arms on
Mrs. Trail's knees and burst-into tears.
"It all comes back to me." she sobbed,
hiding her face. "In the great hall Sir
Harry had a Christmas tree for the vil-.
lage children. It was then that he a*
cused Will."
"Is that the man's name?" ' , :.:,
"Yes. He is the only. man I ever
loved. We were to have been married
in January, twenty years ago, but on
that Christmas eve — oh!"
"Dear me!" said Mrs. Trail, opening
her eyes wide. "And the other woman?"
"There was no other woman!" cried
Ellen, starting indignantly to her. feet.
"He loved me and I loved him. But
could I marry a thief — a forger — a — "
"Oh, gracious me. how dreadful! Do
tell me all."
Ellen, pacing the room in the fire
light, dashed into, the story, and told
it hurriedly, as though she feared her
strengths would give ■ way before she
reached the bitter end. Mrs. Trail lis
tened with all her ears, and did not in
terrupt. ( ,
"You know we were poor after my
father died," eaid Miss Manners. "We
lived In a little Bloomsbury house, and
though my brother Frank was the heir
to the estate Sir Harry would do little
for him. At last he procured him a sit
uation In the city. There Frank, met
Will and they became great friends.
My brother brought Will home with
him — "
"And you fell in love," interposed
Mrs. TraiL
"Yes," cried Ellen, passionately. "I
loved him with all my heart and soul —
with every fiber of my being did I love
him! Will was clever and kind and
had a future. 1 He and Frank were al
ways together. Sir Harry chose to dis-
Uke Will^and said he led Frank wrong.
But it was not true. I am sure it was
not. My mother loved Will also, but
when she heard Sir Harry talk she be
came distant. You know how my moth
er adored Frank."
"He was the apple of her eye," said
Mrs. Trail.
"The idol of her heart," went on Miss
Manners, pacing the room hurriedly.
"She would have died had anything,
happened to him, and therefore she
was afraid lest Will should lead him
astray. I was engaged to Will then,
and mother wanted me to give him up;:
but I refused. I believed in Will—al
ways—till that night." ■
"The Christmas eve?7
"And even then I should have trusted
him," continued Ellen, without heed
ing. "I should have come to, him and
married him. If he was innocent he
was. treated vilely; if guilty he needed
me more then, than at any time. 1 Oh,
if Christ left 1 us when we sin'
most/what . would ..become of us ?"" ; *
"My dear, don't talk like that," said'
tUrs.. Trail, uneasily. But Ellen^ talked
on rapidly. - .^- , . .-. ??■*;"/
"I should have forgiven Will,*, but i I
did not. On - that night— it was in the
"great hall on Christmas eve. I and
Frank and mother were here. -..Will had
been asked -. also: .The ".village children;
danced' around: the tree and : every 'one .
was bright -Sir Harry was i just "giving
the presents! from the .tree when; he
was called "'ont. "•* A special :. messenger
had arrived from his "„ bank.; . He ;• re-"
turned, to accuse Will of : having forged
his name. to a check for a large amount.
I . put my arms ' around-= Will's neck,:, but *
my mother : drew me away.' " And there, ,
with all" thel/people- rerund,iunder, ; thev
glory of the Christmas tree, r stood Will,;
being accused byf my; cousin,. 'Sir:
Harry." SBflBMBBBflPi3BVHHB
"What a shame to accuse him In pub
lic." " " . ; ■-,-.- , : - :.vV\> ■■■'■■ "■ "■' : ■
"I think that was done so as to make
it ' impossible ;■ f on me * to "1 marry,: him," :
cald Ellen, slowly, v "Only/ Frank I stood
up for Will, and * insisted „• that ' he j was ;
innocent. ; Biit«the cheek had Ibeen pre-;
sented" by Will, so there could be no
t ' -*;'.-■ ' '■ ■'-:.- -" . "
doubt of his wickedness. I tried". to; be-'
lleve that he was innocent,- but I "could
not."!*. . ,•■';■ '■•':'.' '.'.r : '
','Did he not -defend himself?"- asked
Mrs. Trail, curiously" and indignantly.
"No," cried Ellen, throwing out her
'hand-. with a gesture of despair; "if only
he-had— but. he said. nothing. ' Once he
was about to speak, "... but when .. he
looked at mother , with her arms around
Fra*nk as -though to guard him: from
harm he held •■ his ; tongue , and walked
out of the. hall. Sir Harry did not pros
ecute him; at Frank's request, butvWlll
left the. office, and' I never heard of him
again." . . /
"What, Is the man's other name?"
asked Mrs.'-, Trail, -rising.. ■ . . .
'.'Hanbury— William '. Hanbury," ?', said
Ellen^in^a "stifled : voice. .. "Hark! The
child is eomlng.. i; can't, look .on ; her
now.' I should have been-a'moinerlniy
self, 'Gertrude. - It wrings my heart to
see . Dorothy's face.: 1 will . go to ; my
room. Stay • here i and play with the
child."--.:;- ' " " : '". "<■:■'■" •-' : -r-' : --> : •/;•. ■.•"•'■"
She hastened away with her face
quivering,: and ; her eyes filled . * with
tears. «. In her. hurry she did not see the
startled look in -Mrs. -Trail's eyes.WGood
heavens!" that good lady, was 'think mg.*
"How ■ can 1^ tell; her.\ that Mr." Hanbury
is »Dorothy's '^father ?"- and ; she; stared
at the pretty, child: with blue • eyes ; and
golden hair' who danced gayly into. the
room.*,'"' '.":;■. •.-■;•■•: .i-. :'■.■-■■■ ■. "■■. ■-..r'-':
But . this ■ additional pang was spared
to" the lonely, heartbroken woman.: Ellen
retired to her chamber, , and \ there * lay
down^ to -calm; her nerves."-"; By, dinner
timei,sh"e was -completely herself, and
when \ Mrs. r ;.Trail, desired ,to resume \ the
conversation 1 she .-refused. ;tVNo,: dear,"
she : said, fdecidedly,* f "my r ;; menioriesi of
the past are 1 too painful;. ,' We ' will \ have
as ' happy >■ a : Christmas : as .' possible 1 ",' but
even^ f or i the i sake \ of, 3 , that t'sweet t little
child' 5 1 fcannot have? a. t Christmas tree,"
and! withithls Mrs;; Trail;. was fain', to be
content, ,v For . the moment • sheywas;al
most inclined' to/.tell. her*;: friend'- the
THEr-SAN-r-FRANGISeoV"SUNDAYi;eALE.
truth, but a'serise of pity for the miser-
able woman restrained her. ." ',•'.', /
i ' Ellen was ' restless that evening.*- -"Af
ter the child retired to bed she left Mrs."
Trail in :. the ;'drawlng-room,
and wandered about ; the"/ house, ' think
ing ; over. 'the ; blttep\ past^^Chance^r
some" kind • Providence-^led f her weary
feet : to the ' great; hall. It tw'as ; a . vast
room ;in : the ? center f> of , ■ ; the"; * mansion,
which In the old time had . held ' many a
gallant vcompany." Z Nowjall
andlthe ' fire ; on ,the ; hospitable Ihearth
had r !long/slnce;:been'extlnguished.^Elr
len rarelyjwent into the place by reason
of * its i cruel! associations.;; As": she stood
hesitatins cwith * her >. hand ', on ; the Vdoor
she heard the sound of ; faint music." The
villa pel children,^ taking * time ""by '- ■'. the
forelock,*;! although* j It : ; "was :r hot ' | yet
Christmas,"^ were singing carols (outside;
Thetmusio^and * words "came •* BOf tly ; j to
the 'ears ?6f' the 'lotielyi woman,' and* she
.wept'In : -.the" darkness: :•* : \-}v V';.: ." ♦■ ":
. r'AliKCls In , : the ".' «klrs are . slnfilnK * '- ■
- . '•Peace.and.'KoocIwiirunio -men.".'- '■'
/ • Hark! .'-the « Klorlous < message 1 ringing,",
..' Sweeter i now; than; tt' k was i then. '-■ .'■
.•rAngulshp flies 3 and; Borrows cease.. .. '.. ■.; '
-It. - Peace comes = with i th«> Prince of ' Peace.*'
;. "Not r;.to , me— -not "to me!"" she
moaned, '.sweeping. ."There can^be ;no
pftace fqr;me.f. "Alas! Alas!"'.
- > As; the music! died .away she opened
the ; door ? and'stepped ? into * the > silent
dark hall.' In the darkness she again
heard fa. 7 low^breathed ' melody," : but t It
sounded,:' a's'i though '..within ;- the . hall.*
Many ? voices',*^ fresh .: and l sweet,' • were
singing: i 1 an r i old i carol." ;,-■• Ellen ' started,
a.nd'ia' thrill ] passed \ through- her. ; The
car01\Was'one:sheTemembered as hav- :
ing f lbeen?sung /by, the ' ylllageTchildren
on\ihat*terrible Christmas eve twenty,
years "ago— rthe '; night ' upon * which i her.
life? had ibeen : ruined. Then a strange
and startling sight met her^weary eyes.
'■:■!* In .the - huge ' fireplace '- 1 burned -t a
ghostly ; flame. •,'-.. It -fgrew . bright and
shone on pictures T wreathed with holly,
red-berried and glossy green.^.It illu^
ruinated-, mistletoe hanging, from many,
lamps,'- which ' likewise , began ; to ■ glim-,
merwfth; pale light. r But the radiance
ofifirVaridlamp faded before the glory
ofia^tallrChristmas tree which 1 rose'al
rnostitollhe'Voof.of.the hall. -There it
stobdJ^aVraigh.tyvnr, »:with drooping
brancheslbending still more under gay
anf'ffflitteringf gifts. Bonbons, bril
liantly .^colored "crackers/ toy horses.
bright-huedUpicture-books, Jumping
jacks.Vgayly dressed dolls, tin trum
pets ;and all the" fragile toys loved by
childhood 'dangled from its mighty
tranches. ,;'■ A silver ; star shone - on
summit, cotton wool, and ; glittering
dust made • mimic snow, and" frost,; and
every:.- branch gleamed with colored
candles.. this radiant tree
stood a crowd of children singing wit*
gnstening eyes ana "outstretcnea- hands
arixiousjfor the gifts ] of theJChild-
ChrisU,'But the^ whole' scene^was^ faint,
Hke";the far-drawn,- vision- of a morning
dream."- ."; ' ; v /" v '
■ > ; Then' a breath passed over: the pic-,
.ture^-for,;? it seemed .."/.like 'a « picture
drawji iupon' the ; darkness of the ' hall*
stranger! entered and with him ; r/er
dead -/cousin:* 7 Sir Harry. - Again she
saw,?; his i angry . face « spoiling \ all ..the
lovely- peace, of t the .season ;; she'; saw
the { children; shrink 1 together,^; afraid
ahdTtearful.ii'rHer/^mother^was there
:.with:herj arms \ around Will. : But .El
len i did r . not j see ;. tne form -of ; herself.'
'And -her.4" brother^ Frank.Vwhere * was
he?' *She;looked» : around: in^agony and
saw.-« him I at \ last.> ,'■; His ' now,, was.; the
place? of. . the 1 culprit—^he;. stood > before
Sir-Harry's form' shrinking~arid rdown
cast., "It was ;Frank Vhoi was being ac
cused,* and) in : her dead mother's ; arms
nestled r>Will, ■ with-S gray ; hair*." and * a
; worn'- face.v not5 : .the j happy £lover : she
had « known.;; Ellen \ sobbed s*aloud:V ' ,
< ■; At 1 the- sound- of , her: ;voice, another
'movement* shbok 5 the s ghostly,iihrong;
theifairy flights font- the", gleaming" tree
grewTdim,* the lamps went 'out,; the'flre
.vanished '. aridr^ swallowed" u"p.!by,*.the
gloom, i the Christmas i tree"! seemed %to
recede' into .darkness. IThose^surround-
ing it also vanished, and the last thing
Ellen saw was her. brother's agonized
face as he • lifted . up : appealing hands
to ; heaven. ■> Then he, * too/'disappeared
and she sprang ; to ; her " feet: with .a be-,
wildered ;', air, / knowing' i that she ■ had
seen* a, vision. ' ,
-V "-"But .- it , is false— false I" she cried.
"For.;. Will sinned, and "not my dear
Frank:" . •
„ /There 'came .a -.soft .touch ,on • her
shoulder.* ""She"' turned "and ; saw -her
brother as she had known him in the
flesh:* • With one. hand pointing to the
door .; and with a" finger on. his pale
lips 'he ■ gazed sadly at her. "With an
impulse she .tried to disobey, but could
not.-/ Ellen" moved i toward " the .door.
Before her glided the appearance sur
rounded by a dim radiance which
made the- darkness .visible. Ellen tried
to speak, but was unable. Her tongue
clove to the roof of her mouth and
her limbs almost refusedi to carry her
along. .But a supernatural
seemed to make her alale to follow on.
Through the door, down the^ long
passage, through the many deserted
rooms movejd the phantom, and the
terrified mortal' followed.
,. At. length the ghostly visitor glided
"into a room which had long since been
►left to dust find gloom. It had been
* Frank's study. And there the specter
pointed to an old desk, where in life it
had been accustomed to sit. With a si
lent look, imploring and imperative, it
pointed to tb£ upper range of the piz-
eonholes. • Ellen, ■ moved again by tnat
mysterious Impulse, » approached the
desk; .'She [stretched out her .hand and
touched V'a little door. • It flew open.
Still •the'ghos.tly, finger pointed. At the
back of.'u small cavity, disclosed by the
opening of the door, Ellen found a pro
jecting point, 'which she pressed. There
was a "> cracking > sound ; and' a secret
panel flew. open. \" Out tumbled an en
velope. She found, herself — she. knew
jiqt. How— standing In the middle of the
Worn; with this in her hand. Then the
figure appeared- to fade *into nothing.
She" was alone— alone In that ghastly
room in the darkness and silence.
Ah outburst of carol singing aroused
her from her trance. -On the desk stood
a candle In a tarnished candlestick. Be
side It was a box of matches left lately
by: some careless "housemaid who had
been 'cleaning the room sacred to the
dead. Ellen lighted the .candle and
opened the envelope. Several sheets in
her brother's .handwriting fell out.
With a beating heart she read them
by * that/ dim", light, . and 'when she fin
ished the last sheet the papers fluttered
to the .ground.
"Oh." great heavens, Will is innocent
afteralll'^afe
. And he was, as the confession proved.
Frarik \ had forged the check and had
induced, Will; Ignorant of his friend's
wickedness, to present it at the bank.
For the sake of the mother heart,
which' would have broken had the truth
come ~ to v lizht. Will, her -noble, brjive
lover, had borne the sin and shame of
another. Sobbing with mingled sorrow
and joy, Ellen Manners sank on her
.knees. 'And again rose the verse of the
carol she had heard. But this time it
sounded like the fulfillment of a prom
ise. The , Child-Christ had, indeed,
given her- the gift of peace:
VAngels'in the skies are singing,
f "Peace and good will unto men.'
Hark! the glorious message rinsing,
'Sweeter -now than it was then.
Anguish flies and sorrows cease.
Peace comes with the Prince of Peace."
II.
.On" the day before Christmas Will
Hanbury . was writing in his London
garret.'. It was a bare, bleak room on
the ■ top of a Soho house, containing
nothing but a bed. a table, and two
chairs. In one corner was an ill-fur
nished, cupboard, and a small fire
smoldered in the rusty grate. Han
bnry.; was . a man of over 40, tall and
once, no. doubt, had been good-looking.
But 1 sorrow and illness.' and want had
aged him before, his time. '"_, ■
., The man was not .without talents. At
one time he had done fairly well :'as a
writer on the press. Owing to th«
rumor . of his . supposed crime he had
been unable ttrobtain employment in
the city,' and so had taken to journal
ism." For a" time he - prospered, but
bad i luck. followed him, and. he fell ill.
Now he .was rarely out of the hospital,
and "only managed: to keep :the bread in
his mouth t " by , incessant work. ' His
body." being starved,' his brain suffered,
and - the' tales ' and ■ articles he ■ produced
lacking in originality, .whereby he
made . but a' small income.. But he
.worked [bravely on, , knowing* his inno
cence "and feeling sure that in his own
good" time Gqd. would give him'a happy
issue out of ; all his troubles. • "'■
'7, On .this." day he was' asking himself
whether the,- time had come.' Before
him *lay , a ', letter, which he : had that
morning, received from "Mrs.*. Trail." She
mentioned "that with she was
stopping, at. Laybourne: Hall, in Essex,
and ~ asked : him ; to come ,* down < that
Christmas' eve; 1 on a visit. With con
siderable: astuteness Mrs. Trail did not
mention '.that ? ' Ellen ~ Mariners was the
mistress' 1 .' of x the x, house . to " which - she
invited Dorothy's, father; thinking that
Hanbury jj would i not come; did he know
the" woman ;he loved was *■ there. ; But
it' was 'probable," as MrsV Trail; thought,
that ; Hanbury. had i forgotten all about
thehall;-; In ; .this she ;was" wrong. Will
remembered ithe scene Tof . his ; disgrac*
only ■ too ! well/ although VI twenty ; years
haa passed since he had left it a ruined
man. At the present moment he was
wondering: if he should obey the com
mand, which, so unexpected it was,
seemed to be a call of Providence.
A -Iwre stllng ,-with": thoughts and feel
ings • f olIowed.V"I . will * go," < he decided
at length, and there was a shining light
in his eyes. '1 am sure this. unexpected
message means that the .time of sor
row Is over. *EJlen,--no doubt, means to
take me back to her heart. But dare I
tell her that I am Innocent ?'?iHe smote 1
his hands together in perplexity. "No!
To da so I should have to betray Frank.
He is dead, and dear Mrs. Manners has
passed, away, but Ellen would grier*
bitterly did she know the truth. I have
borne much, and I shall bear in silence
to the end. If Ellen welcomes me I will
spend a happy Christmas, and when" we
part again more kindly feelings will be
left behind. I will go." •
And hi did go. Late that afternoon
he walked to Liverpool -street station
dressed in his best clothes, which were
poor . m enough, and carrying a small
valise containing a change of linen. Hs
did not know if Ellen would invite hlcm
to stop at the hall. but. he had enough
money to prc-cure a night's lodging.
As he trudged between the leafless
hedges and over the frozen snow, his
heart grew light and swelled In his
breast with Joy. He would see dear
little Dorothy, whom he loved so well:
ht> would see again the old hall, where
he had spent so many happy hours,
and above all he would gaze again on
that dear face which had haunted his
sleepless pillow through many weary
years. Sad as had been the past, un
certain as was the future, the man's
faith made him happy.
So merrily he trudged along, and once
found himself singing under his breath
a carol of joy and hope. Everywhere
voices seerfted to be hymning the sea
son. On the common, as he walked be
tween the gorse ' and fern, crunching
the hard snow with swift steps, he
heard snatches of scng from belated
peasants homeward bound. Will knew
many of the faces of those who passed:
but what struck him mo3t was the
absence of children. These should cer
tainly be everywhere on Christmas eve^
But he did not see one until he came
within sight of the park crates. Then
a child peered, into, the- wanderer's face
as he came within the circle of light
cast by the lamp over the gate. This
sentinel raised a shout, and out of the
gate. poured acrowd. of children of -all
fijjes — boys, and girls. These took
riotous "possession of hia valise and of
his stout staff. A number threw chains
of .woven evergreens around him. and
gayly 4 waved branches of holly bright
with crimson . berries. . And laughing,
dancing, singing, racing, the happy
band led the* astonished man up the
snowy avenue.between the frozen, leaf
leSs trees, while the lodgekeeper shout
ed a "Godspeed. and Merry Christmas'*
after the playful throng.
."What do you mean? What Is it?"
asked Will, as he was borne within
eight of the great • building,, by. his
laughing captors.
But the children only sang, and
laughed and danced. They pulled Will
up the terrace steps with glee, and
hurried him Into ' the large entrance
hall.- Here Mrs. Trail was waiting with
Dorothy by her .side. The child ran
to btr clasped . in the "arms of Will, and
the lady advanced with a smile. In a
moment all the children had raced
away into the interior of the house
and, were heard laughing and singing
with fresh, youthful voices."
"What does it all mean?" asked Han
bury, releasing Dorothy.
"You will know that soon,"-, said Mrs.
Trail, smiling. , i'Take . Dorothy's hand.
She has supreme command here this
evening." •-
"But " Will looked round anx
iously and with a rather pale. face.
Mrs. Trail understood, and laid a
kind hand on his shoulder. V'Walt,"
she said, softly. "Christmas is here,
and your Joy will be great."
"My Joy?" He looked inquiringly at
her, to , see that her eyes were flilod
with tears. . . .
"Come along,- father," cried Dorothy,
preventing further speech/ "there's the
loveliest Christmas tree In the hall
you ** v
•The hall!" Will hung back. . He
could not bear to enter the room where
h" had been disgraced. Besides, he 'did
nut see Ellen. ..• A
"Dolls and cakes and, fairy gifts for
good children," cried -Dorothy in the
superior voice of 10 years old. "There
are no grown-ups, father, so you* must
help me to- give out the presents. I
can't reach some." .
Falling in /with the child's humor,
and wondering- what it all meant. Will
aided her to dispense the gifts. One
child got a doll, another a brave can
non, a third received a ship, and so on,
until the tree - was' stripped as bare as
those in the snowy park. But one gift
remained on the topmost bough, and
Hanhury. lifted" up Dorothy that' she
might pluck thjs last fruit, of the tree/
It proved to be a good-sized envelope
addressed to himself. When he had it
in his ihand the. child, who -was. evi
dently carrying out instructions, de
parted with the rest of the children,
and they scampered cut of the room,
waking the grave echoes of the old
mansion with delighted laughter. Still
wondering and surprised that; he
should obtain such an unexpected,
strange present. Will opened the en
velope. Within was the confession of
Frank Manners.
"What does this mean?" murmured
Will to himself and sat down to master
the contents of the paper.
When he had finished it fell from his
shaking hand. He never expected that
his innocence would be made clear in
this way. "Poor 'Frank!" he thought,
covering : his eyes. "He was sorry,
after all. Perhaps Ellen may know the
truth also. God.be thanked for his
great mercies."
A hand on his shoulder made: him
look up. Before him stood Ellen, not
now arrayed in dark garments. Her
time of mourning for the ruined lives
of herself and her lover was past.
Dressed as she had been on that fatal
Christmas' eve" twenty years ago, she
bent over the broken man, her eyes
shining with love, and shining through
tears that. would fall. In her old-fash
ioned dress she looked quaint, but "Tn
Will's eyes she appeared lovely beyond
words. . He rose silently to his feet and
opened . his arms. Without a word
Ellen threw' herself on his breast, and
years of sorrow were swallowed up In
that loving embrace. After a time
she spoke.
. "My.' poor darling. • why did .you not
speak ?". rfatflfiStt
"How could. I?" replied Will, softly.
"You loved Frank, and it would: have
been sad news for you to hear of his
folly.'.' , "
. . "Folly! ■ It was- "
"No, : dearest,'* , he said, placing his
hand on - her* mouth; "say no word
against the dead. Frank was weak.- I
might have cleared . myself on that
evening when. I knew that \ my silence
meant losing you. but when I turned
and saw Frank in the arms . of his
mother. I could not speak. -How could
I break , that . warm mother-heart that
beats only for her son? ;,No. Ellen,- I
saw my duty in a flash, and therefore
I ;kept : silent:. \ For .ytrar. mother's sake
I 'sacrificed myself and you. Did I not
do what was right, love 7" PHI
";"Yes," f ,she said, siidly; "and yet—
the wasted years." " : .
' "We shall make up .* for them now.
God is very good. You will marry me
now,' my , darling ?"
;."I sent for. you on that account,", she
replied.", hiding, her . happy . face on his
breastr and I then lava , low voice . she
related her vision, and' how the, phan
tom" of her brother haft led to the secret
drawer. 1 ,-' "1 expect Frank wished "to
I Concluded on next page.1THE MASQUE OF JOY
OX Folsom street, the Christmas
?■ eve was obscurely dull.
From Mrs. Doolan's third
floor rear hall bedroom it was
even wore depressing. Out of Har
vey's window one raw the blank wall
of a new apartment house, gaunt, -win
dowless. unfinished, facing an adjoin
ing street: and in the middle distance
a Jumble of low, ancient rooms about
a brick-paved court in which the spar
rows fluttered over an ash barrel. A
line of gray and white clothes flapped
In the wind across, this court; a lean,
soiled cat searched in the corners. Even
the Doolan boys, this da\, had for
saken the dreary play space behind
thf« lodging house: it was. the back
and inner s!de of things unlovely, yet
an artist would have looked from it
to the city's skyline — the massed, high
buildings o' •'down town" a-glitter
with lights?, that bulked to the very
hill-tops against the gold of the Cali
fornia, sunset. «
Old Getts of the second floor front
stood at this rear room window, mus
ing, yet not uncheerily. at the lack of
a holiday aspect to things.
"Ah, a pity— a pity!" he cried, at
length, when his companion had ceased
his recital, "bov, it was unnecessary —
this deceiving of your good mpther!"
"•--"Well, argued Harvey, gloomily,
"you see the thing got away from me.
Mother would worn' so if she thought
I wasn't as comfortably fixed as I
would be at home. You know it isn't
eaisy for a fellow to come to the city and
get on in the art school, and make his
living besides. Somehow, the papera
don't want my work — just now. But I
used to write home so hopefully, that
when things did go a bit hard with
me I lust kept on— I couldn't let the
folks know. Why, it cheered me
niphts when I was lonesome, to write
Janette how fine I was getting on —
pictures In the exhibits, dinners and
the opera, and living in a four- room
suite and, giving studio teas! I must
have laid it on pretty thick, • but It
pleased mother so— and she's not well.
Now, Mr. Getts, they are going to drop
in on me to-night, by this telegram,
believing every word of it— Aunt Nell
and Janette, and a— a— girl! Dropping
In on m e without even telling me
their train sol might devise some plan
to steer them downtown — coming here,
to this hall bedroom, third floor, rear,
with its one chair and a washstand,
and that spidery wall paper!"
Old Getts nodded. Oia Getts, the
codger of the quaint dress and walk,
of the k£en gray eyes and pink,
shaven face, which had defied the
gas-lit atmosphere . of some office
down on Pine street for thirty years
— old Getts of the second floor, front,
at Mrs. Doolan's. It was a tradition
of Folsom Etreet that old Getts be
longed to the Merchants' Exchange
and to a trio of clubs on' Union
square-, and that he had apartments
In the stately old homestead, now de
cayed to a south-o'-Market lodging
house, since the old days before the
glory departed from Rincon Hill and
Its mansions fell into sodden disre
pute; its fountains and lawns were
choked and scattered with debris; its
streets/ forlorn and dust-swept and
given over to drays roaring and rat
tling to the water front and the iron
foundries. Harvey Bell, to whom
Old-Getts had been a subject for sun
dry satirical sketches as he trudged
in and out of the. Doolan doorway,
now suddenly wondered how he had
come to make a .confidant of him. It
must have been | the art student's
loneliness on this holiday eve, as he
thought of the sunny California
Christmas in his valley home down
the State. Or it may have ; been
some spirit of the season, for now he
saw that the Christmases of sixty
years glowed . mellowly in -Old Getts'
heart and something 'of the cheer of
each had lingered.
"Well, well." the 'old' man ' was say
ing, "of course you' can't" bring them
here— such people as yours— on
Christmas eve, ajjart from this la
mentable deception you have been
practicing. Oh, youth — its pride and
pain!"
"And they're coming about 8
o'clock — Aunt Nell and the girls. You
don't know what sort of people mine
are,* Mr. Getts — simple and old-fash
ioned, and mother believes in me so!
They're not town people at all."
"Eh?" Not town people? Why,
here's a whole city full of good hearts
and sympathy, waiting— waiting— to
ehow itself — I know! And, boy, you
would not let us understand you. even
on Christmas eve. Now, Mrs. Doolan
sent ine in to ask about you— Mrs.
Doolan, mind you, of the untidy hair,
■wringing her mops of water with her
young ones clinging to her skirts —
Mrs. Doolan of whom all the lodgers
are afraid — said to 'me: 'Mr. Getts,
it's worryin' I am about the poor
young man in the back hall bedroom
— -him wid the pictures he makes —
eo discouraged this blessed season.
It's not for the rent I'm carin*. but be-
cause of my own Jimmy, 'way out in
the mountains and thinkln' will some
be kind to him, an* would you go
to Mr. Bell for me an' speak a word
because of the. day?' " Old Getts
dropped his droll, mimic's voice to
glance merrily at his companion. "So
I came, boy, because of Mrs. Doolan
with her mops and tubs and young
ones, and because you have held off
from. all of us here on Folsom street.','
> "I know," mutter Harvey, "I'm, een
eitive, and the Doolans— "A ,. > -
"God bless the Doolans! "• cried Old
Getts. "I am to, be the Doolans' Santa
Claus to-night. There's a bit of a tree
for them and little Maggie Thomas, the
"lame girl, and the . Ramseys, down at
Slacovich's bakery," iu our. block. I
wanted to Invite you, but— well, your
people are coming — now.*t ;'
"Yes, I can't keep them 'off. I can't
even invite them out to arestaurant—
or anything, I— I—" Harvey broke off,
lost in his effort to imagine Old Getts ;
of the Merchants* Exchange as St. Nick
down at John Slacovich's bakery on
Folsom street. - ■ I.' ■'-.-.. '~ '."■»*:"*•
"I have it!" .exclaimed*- Mr.. Getts.
"Receive them tin my rooms. At ' 8, you
say? They come, for an hour and a bit
of supper— at your studio, 5 your, four
room suite— good! Eat, laugrh,, be. mer
ry and. presto! — you' whisk 'them away,
I to the 11:45 train, home for the morrow.
Home, with all sorts of golden opinions'
of you for the mother's , ears— arid no
one the .wiser ' except ; y ou v and '. L*; When
the days of success come— the -great,
wonderful days— and Old-Getts is 'for-'
gotten, you can- tell them-^andt laugh
with them. Come — your, easels* and
pictures and artist's ■ traps— touri-y^ them
down to my den-^-ecatter things about— •
make it a bit of Bohemia!"
Mr. Getts had gathered an armful of
WMfcMilWMiliMBMIfcila ■! —it il ■■miidw— li Jli mliW *n ■Juiiiiid
sketches from the chair, while Harvey
was gazing at him, astonished -at the
rapid fire of his ideas. ■< ■' : v '
"But, hold on— hold on!" he protected!
and then, seizing his old lounging' jack
et, he darted after the old man. At the
door of his bachelor apartments, ; Old
Getts was waving his hand airily on his
•way to the street. -?'- -"•■
"Bring everything down, the place is
yours— till midnight. There are buns
and tea, a cold chicken and a lobster in
the sideboard— everything is yours; for
Aunt Nell and the girls. I am to carry
Maggie Thomas to Slacovich's merry
making. I must.be off. Now, remem
ber—till midnight." r .'■'•-"■".
Was this Old Getts, ; the codger, the
moneybags,; the amusing figure of an
other age of .gentlemen in dress 'and
gallantry?, Harvey was bewildered by
his ingenuity; then he set to arranging
his sketches and ;* hurrying abput " the
luxurious room, with a ; touch here arid
there to • get the artistic atmosphere. . ; A
great open fire snapped before ;a; book-'
littered table, v with huge leathern" chairs
about; a piano. with a red-shaded- lamp,
a fine old sideboard glittering with'cost
ly plate ' and , service, and on the ? walls
I were'-. pictures , ; that had ; held their
groups ;, of : connoisseurs in Old "World
galleries— a Corot, \a Millets-above the
art .- treasures gathered • : from ' many
lands. It was /unthinkable at; Mrs.
Doolan'B— Harvey y.was still staring
about in a dreamt when the two < girls
burst in upon him .unannounced." ; There
had been a conspiracy below stairs! "
And ■ behind his; slsterfahd,,a "-girl,
who tried vainly to, hide her. happiness
at thtvsight'of hlm,;was?Aunt.Nell f bf
the ;." sweet > face, yet ■ young, i always
young, with! its l memories, -'-trader - her
soft, whitenin? hal£ttmmMBH
"Oh, Harvey," cried Janette, "such
a, queer place to live, and ! to. gather
such beautiful things in an 'old "•• house
on such a street! But I suppose it's
Bohemian and all that. An artist gets
color and atmosphere in such a quar-,
ter, doesn't'he?" -. " :. .'■-'
Harvey ; thanked i the stars : that rhis
sister,' • from i the V interior, : knew .; noth-,
ing of the city and Its "quarters."'";.^;
"But the funny, old* man ; we met on'
thip, street, dodging out of your place,"
said -Barbara, ."loaded vwith^baskets
and - boxes; ' and with a ;, turkey* under
his ". arm ! ■ What { dear >. rooms,"! Harvey ; '
no wonder, you 'can" write' such' beau
tiful 'letters of \them ' and your;sue
cess.'ff^^l^^MCTfe9HBBinrtfiMiu2^0
[Continued from preceding; page.]
tell me « the ; truth when . I i went up} to ,
his deathbed at • Edinburgh)'.!^ she mur
mured ; "but he » passed ; away I before 'I
arrived. , Poor FVahk," he 'was : too^weak
to tell, meithe 1 truth , when he" lived," but
he • wanted Justice done to 'you ■ after he
passediaway:"..',': ; ;j -\; ..';■;'.;■ .•• ; :> \[ ,<}
"And /Justice has : been > done in ' God's
own time, 'darling." » "J; * v ; ':
, ""But these .many years i of "sorrow;' 1
said Ellen,' pressing bacic! the hair; from
his 'lined .forehead.'; "You': and 1 : 1? are
gray;and r old..'-We;are;in- the winter.' of
life" J ' -■■-,-;'- ■r^«yl' >£;':
' \j VBut summer, eternal summer/ reigns
in our ; hearts,' beloved. 11 ?' Tell J me,^Elleni
■T&E^SAN ;jFMN^SCO>jSUNpAY- ;GAM4
v > Then she* blushed, thinking she'had
said; too* much,*; and; turned toilook at
thel sketches T and "water; colors ; he | had
scattered" about; the • room ; as carelessly
did i you . plan .this ■ Christmas '- tree V* , ":.
"IVYes.'i I- could not , wait while you read;
the ; conf es'sionl ■ ; I 'thought] lt^ best j that'
iii'' the'cVery,; place you] suffered [for. poor .
JweakjFrank' you r should"-be^restored ; to
yqurArlghts:* ",- Mrs?4 Trail? knew •pi \ you
through and , when I J told ; her.
all she, gave' meyour address.* «She then
, wrote I to ; you s" at ( my ' request,*; and 'we
arranged , Christmas . tree ; and that
the ;T children •■ should ? t meet -you \. at\ the
gate, v Ndw4the. old I people ; are" coming
i up *» from ;vthe";; villa ge ; with' ;•, the % rector,
and i we: will (have* our ChrfBtmas^ party.
AVe v will • marry ,' ; Will;, and • your ' daugh
ter.shallibeYmfiie'.""' ' • ■ : y.
■"My, ; daughter!" AWill,' smiled. "Doro
' thy" calls -. me J father,? as ? I -* taught « her
:to5do,^but«sbeils^the -Tchild sofVmy
as if they had Just been dashed off arid
needed only to be gathered and taken
to the exhibitions. . i* :
; Harvey/ to avoid the girls', questions,
took v Aunt. Nell - Into. a- corner to have
her: tell- him r of .the -old > home news.
The ' cold, .little ■■ bedroom \ and the ugly
prospect of the Doolan back yard were
far r from ' this? night as he sat with
these three. Old Getts was something
of a,magician and a godfather, as well
as St. Nick down at Slacovich's bakery.
And : ay sort 7 of masculine ■ Cinderella
was Harvey, awaiting thedread stroke
"of ttl 2.v",-".v'-x- !.:'•,; .;■• ;^ -':■ "■. "V" • r .''." " '.V.
i The i* girls were * at .the,/ piano "■ now,
singing an old '.home song of *the. sort
that - he . had been 1 ; hungry for these
brother! - Her • mother /and father.- died
when. she"was bbrn^and;!. looked -after
tier,; until v she: Twas ■ "adoptedtby Mrs.
Trail.7 Ahd\with Mrs.' Trail; lover, she
must remain." O .•-_■■'■ \
. "Then ; you . have .' not ■ married ?" said
Ellen,^in;a low -voice. > i '.-;. V
' ">'My ; heart,"', I \ have 5 always been ; true
to .the • only woman"! ever loyediU^fL^l
■ 1 Ellen ! could ;^ not " speak. v t;. There ; In s the
light ; of ': the -'Yuletide> tapers> she ; v was
folded s in -i her.r lover's * arms.' f A"^bright
f utu re had ■ "opened f or> both.v,The' J ghost
ly; Christmas 'tree; had' given ? place'.- to
a realS one.^ and;; the * Child-Christ i had
given; her Uhe; greatest ■ of : all gifts— the
;one* for;,whicti' she": had', longed '? through
all <• these ', weary ; years.*?. "Thank } heaven
~oh,1 thank ! heaven ! ','J she \ murmured.'-
months. In the music rack Janette
discovered Mr. Getts' "old-fashioned
silk hat.
"Oh, Harvey, do you wear this?"
she cried.~^SEte8flBB^EgK
"A fellow needs something of the
sort," began Harvey, "operas and—af
fairs—you know."
His sister stole behind him as he sat
holding -Atlnt Nell's hand and slipped
the Vancient y tile upon his head. It
went, well over his ears; the two con
spirators : retreated, laughing at hl3
discomfiture.
: ','Jt : can't be' yours," they shouted,
"such a fit, and a f unny old ! hat."
; ,V"Now, I see : it isn't," retorted he,
.boldly, /'why, \ it's Smith's— he was in
■ for"* a'; rare-bit. -last-, night; after the
,play.V.' .-: ' '.:■■■•■■)' : : -■_, \ . '
• '."And left his hat?*', queried Barbara,
"how funny." V - '.;'■.
.'.'YtiS. queer chap,/4 Smith—absent
minded—very."- \ ',■;-, >.*$.? ■ '
: ("But , a i gentleman: couldn't leave his
hat L" • pretested' Aunt Nell, warmly. J
- ."Oh, It's quite" common"" with Smith —
he's an odd sdrt-^very V? eccentric— all
these : painters are! ) And I say, don't
bother— let's eat.' .There's, a' chicken
and" buns and V\ tea"' and-rand— lobster.
Oh, yes, certainly— now, where is that
lobster? ' I ' believe • Smith has hidden
it—Smith i Is ; 'positively* unique ! He'd
steal a",; lobster any 1 day— all , these . ar
tists and. literary chaps would.*.' -The
enforced host had!rather. a bad time of
it^ with ■; the ' sideboard "and pantry —
"where's the tea i urn— arid the. buns ?
Oh, i yes,' k and >the .chafing-dish? Aunt
Nell," I'mjf ohfoundedly absent-minded !'.*
■ i But "by. making a pretended .virtue of
his ignorance and carrying on a fire of
jokes, •Harvey,; managed * through;-* for
the, girls explored Mr. "Getts' sideboard
to their own satisfaction. The supper
went famously with Barbara and
Janette laughing over reminiscences of
bygone larks, and dear Aunt Nell smil
ing over the tea things. Then the old
Dutch clock stnaek 11. V*,
So late? The fairy godfather had
given until 12. •
But Harvey's heart smote him when
he saw Aunt Nell smiling proudly at
him with her hand upon the large, old
fashloncd locket s sha wore at her throat.
A singular thins, the picture in that
circlet of gold— a young man with a
laughing face, dressed in some masque
of Yule-tide, a robe of red and white,
and holding a snowy wis as if he had
just taken it. off to catch the camera's
eye. The young people knew of some
memory in Aunt Nell's life; of a lover,
a foolish quarrel one Christmas night, a
parting— and he had come no more. To
her each Christmas . was an anniver
sary; thirty years had scftened her
sorrow to a sweet remembrance, yet to
night, as always, she was in a reverie.
It may have been some tremulous pain
in all this joy that caused her to un
clasp the locket, while the young peo
ple were about the piano; to kiss It se
cretly In the firelight's glow. ..
Fresh young voices and . • laughter
were raised on Doolan's dark stairway
as Harvey saw them, down to a cab
on Folsom street. The time.to. the train
was brief; he should not go with them
to the station. The carriage dashed off
with the girls calling out holiday
greetings. Then the host stole up
stairs, dreaming of some message that
had come to him from the pressure of
Barbara's fingers; in his bare little
room he watched the glittering lights
of the city and waited for the midnight
bells of Christmas.
It was very late when Mr. Getts re
turned. The last candle had long
burned from the tree at Slacovich's
bakery. Maggie Thomas, the lame girl,
had been carried to her home by Santa
Claus himself. The little Ramseys
slept in the Ramsey tenement, treas
uring the toys that St. Nick had found
for them. The old man climbed the
Doolan stairs. In his room it seemed
some warm, human presence of the
night's -guests lingered; the echoes of
youns laughter filled old Getts* brain
with memories of other days. He laid
off the overcoat that had concealed, his
fantastic coat of red and white cotton,
and sank back in his old chair before
the fire, still the Santa of Slacovich's
party, with sndwy hair and whiskers
below his round, red little cap.
Old Getts was tired from the shout
ing gayety where he had been the gray
est of them all. He was alone, as he
was wont to be. in these silent rooms,
sunk In thought before his fire.
The Christmas belte were ringing;
from a nearby mission church came a
chorus ot glad young voices — a carol
of the nativity It was; some early band
of Joyous wanderers singing the
"Noel." Old Getts wondered why
there should be sadness in his heart
at this rejoicing, as there had been for
thirty years; it brought, as It always
had done, the vision of hlg heart's de
sire. In this weariness of thought "he
slept and from the doze awakened.
She had come out of the flrelit dusk
of his room before, him. She stood with
lips half parted in a question, framed
in the shadows on the wall.
"Harvey, dear," she said, a trifle
breathlessly, "we missed the train — we
drove back for my locket — it must
have fallen here. Why — Santa Claus?
Harvey, are you Joking again? No.
who — who — are you?"
Aunt Nell started in dismay at the
figure rising from the chair.
"I beg your pardon," she faltered,
"this cannot be the « wrong room.
Harvey — Mr. Bell — where is he?"
The red and white Santa Claus
bowed, staring at her from under his
shaggy, false brows. He stepped back,
placing a hand upon the table. Her
eyes followed the motion; she came
forward with a little cry of relief.
"Oh, no — these are his rooms! My
locket — I came for this."
He- picked up the thing she was
about to seize; it was as If .the foreign
touch was sacrilege to her. He held
the gold circlet, looking at the mask
er's face. She still advanced a hand*
to receive it, frightened by his intent.
"This you rs — madame?" The voice
was almost a cry of eagerness.
"Yes. Why, who — who — are you?"
The Santa Claus fissure suddenly
caught the white wig from his head
and face; he straightened up, coming:
to her with an exclamation.
"Oh, would you believe— could you
believe — a wonderful thing? Ellen
King, he has come back to you!"
Aunt. Nell stared at him, more
frightened than before. And then, as
she was stumbling, old Getts caught
her, led her to the couch, was crying
out, caressing her, eager with passion,
with joy with the wonder of It.
"Nellie! It is true — true as that I
loved you then. Yes, you've come to
me, dear heart- Nell — we do not need
to. understand — you have come."
"Yes," she whispered, "I waited —
waited— even though I believed that
you were ■ dead.'.'
Midnight, and the Christmas bells
were ringing. Below In the street the
horses became impatient. Janette and
Barbara presently stole . up the dark
stairs to see why Aunt Nell did not
return. They came upon Harvey in
the hall, listening outside of a door.
The voices, within were very low. but
Harvey hushed the girls as though to
h*m had been given some wonderful
understanding.
"Where's dear I Aunt Nell?" they
whispered to him.
"I came down to thank him," Har
vey muttered, "and now— oh, come
away." •
But some one stirred within the
room. Old Getts suddenly flung the
door.wide open. Then he stood by the
couch where" Aunt Nell lay In a peace
that needed ho interpretation. Still
young and fair and kind she appeared,
by some glad transfiguration, and Mr.
Getts was very proud and erect, with
something a-glltter on the white beard
of; Santa Claus, that still hung from
his. neck. He stooped to kiss Aunt
Nell's hand .and then smiled upon
them. ' :*.\Vv-'\
, "Come in, come in," he cried. "Ah,
boy, I came back an, hour ago before
your guests departed and stood out
side the door — alone! Then" I stole
awsry again, listening to all the joy
and laughter you had brought this
Christmas night into my home— that
has been empty and lonesome as my
heart—till now!"THERE was great rejoicing: In
Tribulation Canyon, for the mo
mentous question of Christmas
dinner had been settled to
everybody's satisfaction. For
turkeys were scarce in the canyon
that -winter and so were chickens. In
fact, most of the miners would have
had to compromise on bacon or plug
cut — as canned corned beef was af
fectionately called — if Doc had not
dug up the needful and given a dinner
invitation to the whole camp.
For Doc had the beet diggings in
the camp, also the first water right,
bo he generally had grub In his cabin
when two thirds of the other miners
were living on hope and rarefied at
mosphere. And as Wilson's heart was
as big as his pocketbook— bigger, in
fact, for he was in debt half the time
— the canyon breathed a sigh of re
lief, for they realized -that their
Christmas dinner was in good hands.
And it was to be a high toned af
fair, too, for when Doc made the
rounds of the camp with his invita
tions his parting injunction to each
miner was to wear his diamonds.
"For if this isn't a swell affair."
said Doc. "it's because the cook for
gets to put water on the beans, so put
on your frills and make the people
from the Flat think we have a first
mortgage on prosperity."
Now. there were only two China
men in Tribulation Canyon, Ah Lee,
who cooked for Doc Wilson's camp,
and Ben Hoy, who did the washing
for the entire community. And busi
ness had been decidedly dull with Ben
Hoy, for most of the miners had
it-ached the one-shirt stage of the
game in tneir progress toward accu
mulating a fortune, and a man with
but one FhJ"rt to his back generally
lets his reputation for cleanliness die
a natural death, while he keeps his
nakedness under cover as long us pos
sible. . ■.!■•
But there was something doing at
Ben Hoy's Christmas week. . Never
before in the history of the camp had
so many white shirts .flapped on the
line back of the Chinaman's cabin,
and on the evening . of the 23d Ben
Hoy stoatf in his doorway, his eyes
riveted on the moonlit clothesline and
his soul a-flutter with the ravishing
musir of the flapping shirt tails. He
would iron on the 24th. and in the
evening tne miners would come with
the. money for the goods for there
was to be no credit Christmas week.
"You no catchum money you no
catchum washee." That was Ben Hoy's
motto for ' Christmas week and the
Chinaman grinned complacently as he
lighted a candle and started a couple
of Joss sticks stinking. He was happy;
bo happy he thought he could stand a
little of his own native music, so he
got out his Chinese fiddle and played.
And as the notes meandered down the
canyon Sandy Furgeson sat in his
cabin and drank them in. •
"It's the -bag-pipes," he said to his
partner — "my conscience, but it's grand
music. So soothin' to a home-sick body
like me. I'll away up the canyon and
seek the piper." * ; .{
"Nonsense," replied his partner, de
rifcively; "it's nothing but Thompson's
cat and a stray Tom scrapping out on
the tailings."
But Sandy only shook his head and
listened. Ben Hoy put a little more
stomach complaint into the high notes
and the, sounds that came floating
down the canyon would have jarred the
BILLY AND HIS CELEBRATION
By James Seymour'
DAISY slammed down the lid of
the typewriter desk viciously. It
bad been an especially 'trying
day." Mr. Cartaret had been aa
disagreeable as only the head of
the firm can make himself, and she was
so out of sorts that she did not even
smile upon Jlmmie, the elevator. boy.
When she found Billy Teller waiting at
the door she tried- to pass without
speaking. -'
"What's the matter, girlie?" he asked,
as he caught up with her and fell into
step.
"Do go. away," she said crossly. "1
don't want ever to epeak to a man
again."
"I don't seem to be „ In * line for head
of a firm," said: Billy ruefully. VI
asked the boss this morning if he could
raise'my Tpay, , and <■ he said I I'd be' lucky
musical taste of a burro.
"Oh, I know who it Is," said Sandy's
partner. "It's . that . Chinese laundry
man; he ought to • be ' run out of the
camp."
"Is it now?" replied Sandy.. "Weel,
weel; I dinna ken the Chinese* were sic
musical bodies."
At 9 o'clock Ben Hoy put. up his
fiddle, took. a last affectionate look at
the clothesline, then went to bed. ; But
unfortunately for Ben Hoy and his sil
ver-lined dreams half a dozen mules
from Thompson'3 pack train got loose
during the night and incidentally
bumped into the washing. They
stripped it as clean as a whistle and
when they were discovered the next
morning one of the mules . had nego
tiated about three yards ot the clothes
line. . ■■'■■
"They didn't even spit out the clothes
pins," remarked Doc Wilson, telling of
the affair afterward. , ■ , ; . ■;
Ben Hoy took -the • brush and it
was probably just as well; for there
was enough of that clothesline left to
answer the purpose!
if he didn't find he'd have to cut my
wages until after election."
"What did you say?" she asked anx
iously. :. -' ' \ .
"Told him I supposed the election
would be as good an excuse for a cut as
anything he ■ could think \ of," and .he
fired me for being impertinent.' 1
.' i "I was dismissed, too," she said. VI
simply couldn't stand some/of Mr.':Car
taret's -■ language, and .when I{protest
ed, he told me he was going to get -a
man so he could . say ' what he ■ wanted
to."-: ■ " .;' . ...:..■■..:■■•'■. .:■:;
"Bully!" said Billy. "Let's cele
brate!"
"What for?" she demanded: , ..
"For our liberty,", he retorted: "Come
on. we'll . have supper downtown some
where, . and ; we'll go to the : theater aft-'
erward." - ,■„-;
"And you'll go broke after that,". 6he
supplemented. . " ,
'' Oh, I'm used to that!" said Billy.
"Comeon inhere." .
' "In here." was i a ; table d'hote, where
a seven-courpe dinner '.with' wlne : could
be had for 40 cents,' and not being qver-
TOE .SAN : FRANCISCO SUNDAY GALU
But the failure of Ben Hoy to deliver
the goods did not interfere 'with the
preparations for the coming : festivities.
Doc Wilson- was the busiest man in the
county and the way he* contracted for
all: kinds of feathered goods, brought
the water of admiration to: more than
one hungry Jawbone. He quartered his
men 'In an old dance hall,' and when
the bunks has been screened with ever
greens" and the. 1 walls festooned with
bunches j of live oak it made a commo
dious and appetizing dining-room.
.Oh' -the 'afternoon of the 24th: the
Widow Burns and her pretty daughter,
Bess, came over from the Flat and had
a peep at the preparations. The widow
had to make a few suggestions, but
after Doc turned some of the bunches
of ; live oak upside down she was per
fectly satisfied and pronounced it a
dream. *
Of course, '. Doc had to stand In with
the widow, ; for he was going to ; marry
her- daughter,- Bess, and the old woman
was a good. card to draw to^ And there
was no stacking the cards on : the
widow. When Doc first began sneaking
particular as ; to the minor details of
the service they enjoyed; the meal
thoroughly. , Billy insisted upon, paying
10 : cents extra': for -a . better grade 'of
claret, and the „ festivities 'were ' in : full
swing, when, 5 the obsequious., waiter
pulled' out: a .chair and John Cartaret
sat down at their table — right between
the two.; ■.•.■'-'-■. «V. : .;:..'. ; . :","■,::/;- .;. ."..'■•
-Matters calling for* his attention had
held'him downtown; and he decided. to
make the best- of 'the handiest* restau
rant." '.' \ "'■ r .
, "You see,", said Billy, breaking ■ an
awkward silence by; the ■continuation
of an i imaginary •• conversation. < }\ "You
see this. 'Society. for, the Encouragement
of -^Expletives rAihongv Employers' is
bound i to ] be] a good "thing. : It will ; give
the employer, an i excuse ; for. swearing at
his i typewriter v by,: letting • him .tell her
that it's one of the rules , of ' the organ
ization." ■ ' , .;,*.; iV.VQ'.* .;".;-; -,•'',
', ;."May 5 1;. offer, a . suggestion," .- broke
in' Cartaret. . .To their surprise he was
smiling. v : ; ; ' >
.vlVIt's. a -little - irregular." , declared
Billy,- before : Daisy could speak, "but
DOC WILSON
CHRISTMAS
PUDDING...
around : the Burns homestead the old
lady brought him up-with a Jerk.
;"3ee here, "Doc," she said the second
or -third time, he called," "are you after
me or; after Bess?.{ If ; you. are after
Boss it's' all right,- and if you are after
me > it's all right, but I want things
understood -from the'start, for I am not
going to have any more Donavan busi
ness going •. on }n this: establishment if
I car; hqlp it, and I guess I can."
For . Larry. Dqnavan, with his soft
blarney and dsvil's own twist for love
making, had been Wilson's predecessor
at the. widow's. "But Larry got to mix
ing- his affections as he did his whisky
and one morning he arose with a bad
taste in his mouth.* . He kissed* the
daughter in the front room and hugged
the widow in the kitchen once tc-o often,
and when Mrs. Burns ; discovered that
Larry had a right-arm hug for, her
daughter and a left-arm '.squeeze for
herself she , did some: vigorous kicking
for a .woman of her. avpirdupois.> Of
course, Bess was too Indignant over
the affair" to ever mention it, but If
you wanted 1 a -sample of the widow's
oratory in rag time all you had to-do
was mention the down-trodden 'Irish
and you would get it — gratis.
So when Doc came a- wooing the
widow naturally j wanted to know in
which direction the needle of his affec
tion was veering, and Doc told her. I
"I'm after Bess," he said, laconical
ly, "and I guess, I can smooth out the
kinks that Irishman left in her heart
without any trouble."
So it v,as understood by, all interest
ed that it; was only a matter of time
with Doc and Bess, for. Larry .did not
dare come within telephoning distance
of the widow's tongue, and Doc made
love ■ as vigorously as a man. killing
rattlers. ' f U ■ \ \
"I may, not have any < f your; taildr
made , moves in lovemaking," he re
marked,'placidly, "but when it comes
right down to" passion, I can thrill the
female heart with the best of them."
But ennstmas morning came at last,
and with the first beams Larry Dona
van swung up the canyon and slipped
quietly into Wilson's cabin. The Chin
aman was up to his neck in turkeys
and geese and chickens all .. ready
for the. oven' when Doc and Larry
stepped into the kitchen. Larry
was to cook the - pudding, for he
had established a reputation as a
pudding cook . ; on ; several occasions
and Doc wanted this one to be a classic.
"Stuff it with twenty-dollar • gold
pieces,'* said Doc,. "if you. think it will
as founder of the society I am al
ways ready to listen to suggestions."
■■'■:■ "1 would i suggest," s said .': Cartaret,
pushing jaway. his soup plate, "that
instead ; you both make application
for; reinstatement." .
"Motion? carried," said Billy. "What
time d'ye -want me to come: around?"
"If your duty to ; the 'society' per-,
mita, inayil suggest at 10 o'clock
Monday ?". said Cartaret. ,
"I'll be there," Billy assured him.
"Say,\want to go to; a show?"
P,^I ibeg « pardon', " j said Cartaret, , with
an • Inquiring inflection.
!'To ■» the ; theater,", explained : , Billy.
"Y'see ' we were ' going to celebrate los
ing r ouri1obs* "■ Now we can; celebrate
getting back at the same : time. < We're
going' to see /Halted, at the Altar.'" It's
a bully, show.'X33fiPttHB$B3at£BBn^flg|
VI am af rald.'A said Cartaret, "that a
business engagement will . occupy; most
of ' the ; evening, s but if ; you ; will . permit.
I should be ; glad - to ' have you as guests
at supper after the : play." ; ;,
"'; "Say." we - don't want- to rub it in,"
expostulated ' Billy. .
improve the flavor any, but give us
fct/rnethins: that will linger in our mem
ories like love's first kias."
{ Larry grinned and noddea. "ill give
you the cream of me experience." said
he, "but now "don't be for telling any
body that I made the pudding, for that
old banshee of a widow might set ear
o£ it and- be after turning ud her
nose."
"Oh, I'll take all the credit for cook
ing the pudding," said Doc, cheerfully.
."If the fowl are not flavored just right
I'll skin the Chinaman, but \ light or
heavy, well done, rare or raw, I'm
going to stand pat on the pudding."
- So Doc went about his business of
looking to Che final arrangements,
leaving Larry to solve the problem of
compounding the biggest pudding the
camp ever put d thumb into.
Ten minutes after this interview Doc
saw the Chinaman come flying through
the kitchen door with one of Larry's
big feet in close attendance.
"What's up?" inquired Doc. cau
tiously poking his head through the
doorway.* \ ;
'•Nothing is up but the Chinaman."
said Larry. "I just knocked him down
for sticking his heathen mug into the
affairs of a Christian pudding. But
I'll have it underway now in a min
ute, then he can have the kitchen to
himself and spoil things to his heart's
content. But the nerve of him—sug
gesting an improvement — Wurra?
Wurra! but he must have been neg
lected in the bringing up."
At last Larry finished his business in
the kitchen and sneaked off down the
canyon as quietly as he had come. The
Chinaman 'returned to his duties and
peace and happiness and the smell of
stomach-thrilling odors reigned su
preme.
By 1 o'clock the boys from the can
yon congregated and by way of a pre
liminary emptied a steaming bucket of
hot punch. "They need a mouthful of
the cheerful," said Doc, contemplative
ly, -"for the citizens of Tribulation
Canyon are up against a hard forma
tion."
And you could tell .the Tribulation
Canyon boys at sight. Only three
white shirts In the bunch, and two of
these.Avere nothing but flour sacks with
holes punched through sides and bot
tom for arms and head. Fate tried
to worry them, but the bucket of punch
completely routed sad times from their
memories and started Sandy Furger
son singing, -**O~ Willie .brew'd a peck
t-" inaut" -with a lift and swing to it that
set "mirth effervescing from the heart
to twinkle in the eyes and mouth and
happy-laughter. . Then tha fiddler came,
and with him the people from the Flat,
and Doc drank healths enough in an
hour to keep him sick for the remainder
of the. year. At last, like people of
quality, . the widow and her daughter
arrived— ten .minutes late.
When the widow and her daughter
rattled up . to the cabin In their one
horse turnout all hilarity ceased and
the people flocked out to see Doc re
ceive them. For Doc was big and
cumbersome and naturally clumsy
he had been known to trip over a
match when ■ sober — and as he was
pretty well saturated with Christmas
joy and punch, the boys thought they
(might expect something startling in
the acrobatic line.
But .Doc assisted the flushing Bess
from the cart as gracefully as you
please. The widow being plumper and
heavier than her. daughter was a 'trifle
more generous with her weight, and
Doc staggered under his armful of
matured charms. But he landed her
safe and sound, -and the boys cheered
lustily and yelled for a speech. Doc
braced : himself against the widow's
moonreyed sorrel and .waved his hand
for silence.
"Ladles and gents," he began soberly.
"I don't think you understand," said
Cartaret, a little wistfully, "that the
favor, is yours. , It's been fifteen years
since I've had youns people about me,
and I should really enjoy your com
pany."
1 "We'll buy a seat for you and leave
it. at the. box office," declared Billy.
"Try to, get in for the last act where
the villain's crazy wife kills him and
three' choir boys-^it's great."
:: "I'll be there." said Cartaret laugh
ingly. "Such intellectual, joys are not
to be despised. And— If you will per
mit--" he 1 ended with a glance at
Daisy, and leaned over to whisper
something to Billy.. ,
: "Sure!" was . the hearty answer, ana
Cartaret arose to return to his office.
'' ""What did he whisper'" demanded
Daisy, as they again turned their at
tention to dessert.
/'He "i says, " answered Billv gravely,
'/that the jqb he wants me for needs a
steady, married man, and I] told him
I thought ■ I 'could fix that."
(Copyright,' 1904; by K. M. Whitehead.)
"I feel like the biggest Indian In the
campodee — I could whoop for Joy. This
is the proudest moment of my life; yes.
even prouder than the time they didn't
lynch me for mule stealing, for my
soul warms to the blushes of a certain
fair one; my heart thrills to the music
of her laughter, and when the tlms
comes for her to poke her little hand In
mine and whisper 'yes,* I'll have to
wear high-top gum-boots to wade
through the oceans of my joy if I want
to keep my feet dry.' And when that
happy time does come, dear friends,
there will be a barbecue in this camp
you can smell from Tribulation Canyon
to the foothills. (Frantic cheers from
the Tribulation Canyon delegates.)
Now, good friends. I again wish you a
merry Christmas, and if your appetites
remain with you so Ions as the table
remains with your appetites, we'll
hflve one."
Doc bowed to his cheering admirers
and then led the way to the dlning
hall.
And such a dinner! A half-do*en of
Wilson's men acted as waiters, and
although they had an occasional fowl
roiling over the floor like a football,
they did fairly well, and landed most
of the things on the table. No cere
mony was the order of the day, but
everything went off very nicely, with
no kicking under the table. The hum
and buzz of the conversation' would
have made a phonograph stutter to
catch It. Irish. Dutch, Scotch, Ger
man and French, with now and then a
dash of Chinese from the kitchen.
whenever the cook burnt himself. And
mingled with this potpourri of sound
could be heard the steady grind of
hungry jaws, accompanied by the me
tallic click and rattle of knives and
forks. V.v, :
A dozen or so dogs had sneaked in
under the banqueting board, and aa
the youngsters persisted In feeding
them bones, they soon got to fighting
over the choice morsels. This tickled
the young people immensely, and no
doubt gave a baronial touch to the
scene; but when the ladies found their
ankles were in danger from the snap
ping teeth, they appealed to Doc, who
forthwith proceeded to kick the very
last cur of them into the street.
But at last a sigh of repletion went
round the board and Dqc ordered in
the pudding. It took two of them to
muster it into position on the table and
when it was properly flanked by two
bowls o* .brandy sauce it made the
Tribulation Canyon contingent sigh for
more stomachs.
"Good heavens!" gasped the widow,
"it's the most stupendous affair I ever
saw; you must have boiled It 'in the
reservoir."
Doc grinned complacently. "It's my
first effusion." he said modestly, "and
before I carve it I'll say right here that
there is one quality it sure don't lack
and that is — quantity."
"My conscience!" exclaimed Sandy
Furgeson, "but it's a grand sight for
a hungry een. Doc. That must surely
be the chieftain o* the puddin' race
that Bobbie Burns teels aboot In ane
o' his poems. I suppose it's superfluous
to inquire if it raised weel?"
"Raised?" said Doc; "why I had the
Chinaman setting on the boiler two
thirds the time to keen It from rais
ing the roof oft the kitchen. But it's a
sin against nature to keep so many
Christmas appetites in suspense, so
here goes."
Doc made a lunge at the pudding
with a huge carving knife and every
one held his breath. The knife pene
trated for about two - inches and
stopped. Dec looked puzzled and shook
his head. .
"I must have struck a change in the
formation," he remarked, pulling out
the knife and looking at it critically.
Then he lunged again. This time the
knife penetrated clean to the hilt. Doc
smiled and started- to cut off a slice,
but the pudding refused to disinte
grate. He bore down hard and sawed
at It, but the pudding seemed to have
the tenacity of. a bulldog and hung: on
to itself with a determination that
stirred the bosoms of the spectators
to strange throbs.
/'Better give her a sack of (riant
powder and loosen her up a bit," some
one suggested; but Doc was beyond the
reach of suggestions.
"Probably you struck a bone,** the
widow remarked sarcastically, her noae
reaching for higher atmosphere.
Doc looked at her helplessly, then
started digging at the pudding until he
uncovered the obstruction and held It
up In full view of everybody.
"A sock! a sock!" resounded from
one end of the table to the other and
the din of the commotion ratiled the
very shakes on the roof. """'
"That's what it is." said Doc grin
ning sheepishly, "and ( a damned old
gum-boot sock at that, im&glng by the
heel of it. Now, if it only had been a
nice lady's sock it wouldn't have been
so bad, but — " '
"Ladles don't wear socks," snapped
the widow, viciously.
"Don't they?", said Doc, innocently;
"I thought they did. At least, air the
ladies I ever saw wore socks or — " .
" "You mean stockings— you great Ig
noramus—long stockings!" Tha widow
was using the loud pedal with both
&et/*3naMHI
"Well, then." replied Doc, "let us gtvn
thanks that it's sock Instead of stock
ing, for, being a sock, there isn't so
much of it and the Ies3 the pudding
Is flavored with — "
"I didn't come her* to be Insulted!"
screeched the widow, jumping to har
feet and kicking her chair over back
ward. -You will be saying next that
it's a clean sock and will aid digestion
when everybody knows there isn't such
a thing in the camp after Thompson's
mules stripped Ben Hoy's clothesline.!*
This last shot settled the argument.
Doc didn't say boo, so the company
broke ranks to follow, the .widow. The
Tribulation Canyon boys did remain to
sympathize with their fellow towns
man and help finish the punch and
brandy sauce, but somehow the flowing
bowl had lost its sparkle.
Doc went gunning for Larry Donavan
the next day, but Larry had left the
county the night before, taking the
blush'ing Bess with him.
-Nevada City, CaL.A HALF HOUR WITH THE BOOKS
5SOL2BAY
Ofieving of BcoRs
DMtE one advise on the purchase
of Christmas books? v With
every book stall full to over
flowing with 'volumes in holi
day dress and rctill other belated ones
making their .'ippc^rance dally, has a
reviewer of books the "hardihood to
pass judgment, even though a hasty
one, ur-cn the merits of these wares
exposed to the eye of the holiday
chopper? Though his wisdom were
that of Solomon ard his tire'ess en
durance matched that of Hercules, yet
could the critic frivs but a halting and
piecemeal report upon the detailed as
pects of this sea of print. Noah on
the fortieth day. with the olive bear
ing dove not yet in sight and th*
boundless waters st'Il raging, must
have been in rir>e condition to become
reviewer for on** holiday season.
Reserving the jirivilege to retrace
the ground more at ler.gth in several
instances when th» press of books is
lightened somewhat, the writer of
these columns will endeavor to give
briefly th* salient features of some of
the volumes on hfs desk that fall un
der the head of holiday books. ■ For
the elders and children alike there
are enough to satisfy every degree of
Uiste. For the lover of a. book as a
book ther*» is reading for a year.
One of the most attractive books of
the season is "The Lace Book." by N.
Hudson Moore, author of "The Old
China Book" and "The Old Furniture
Book." Though the volume Is one de
signed primarily for the edification of
connoisseurs and those devoted to the
fascinating hobby of antique collect
ing, the reading of it by a layman will
be repaid with interest. Even when
the gruff old Swift made his com
plaint—
Five hours (anu who can do it less In?)
By hauchty Celia Fpent In dressing;
The goddess from her chamber issues
Arra>*d in lace, brocade and tissues —
he but touched upon the chord of that
particular vanity which has been wom
an's since the fall of Eve, and ofttimes
man's. The author's chapter upon the
part lace has played in the sartorial
arts is full of quaint interest. It details
categorically the fashions of bygone
times, which exacted more strain on
the pursestrings in answer to the de
mand for ruffs, webs and lace gew
gaws than did ever the bread call. We
Mush for the men of Suckling's time,
"who felt the careful disposition of their
lace ruffs to be of more import than
affairs of state.
To illustrate Mr." Moore's more tech
nical disquisitions upon the various
schools of lace production— the Italian,
the Flemish/ the Spanish, et cetera —
the text is supplemented with seventy
excellent engravings, showing both lace
patterns and the manner of its wear in
famous portraits. The book is in every
way representative of the highest art
in printing and binding. The Frederick
A. Stokes Company of New York pub
lish it at the price of 55.
A book of solid material is Russell
Sturgis' "Appreciation of Sculpture."
Those of us on this coast who have not
been fortunate enough to listen to Mr.
Eturgis* lectures may find in his book
the essence of a complete course in the
interpretation of sculpture. The author
does not write above the heads of those
unversed In the subject of his consider
ation, and for that we can thank him
right heartily, for who has not been
chained by the occasional "topllftical"
tone of an art work that takes it for
jrranted that those not of the elect will
eschew its perusal? As In his former
work, "How to Judge Architecture,"
Mr. Sturgis alms to give the layman a
-working grounding in the esthetic sig
nificance of the art, so that one may
not stand dumb and unappreciatlve be
fore a Victory of Samothrace or the
Bartholome Monument des Morts. To
do this he devotes the first half of his
book to a rapid review, of the history
cf sculpture from earliest times to the
present, and then continues to discuss
the elements of form, sentiment and ef
fect In modern schools of the art. A
thoroughly enlightening manual is
this, well Ttritten and well illustrated.
The Baker & Taylor Company of New
York* publish the book at U 50.
Fully adorned in true holiday style
Is 6. E. Crockett's new book, "Raider
land." This the author does not pub
lish as a new Galloway book, but
rather x with the Intent "to focus and
concentrate what I have already writ
ten for the use of Galloway lovers and
Galloway travelers." A key to the
author's chosen country, then, is this
new volume, to be used — and let .us
not smile as we say it — in reading his
Galloway tales as we would use a
Baedecker in making the grand tour.
Sketches of things in and about the
border country comprise the sum. of
the volume's contents. They are well
written, because Mr. Crockett writes
well, but they are far from being ab
sorbing. Some Illustrations Jn rather
impressionistic black and white do not
add greatly to the value of the work,
which is estimated in currency at $2 by
its publishers, Dodd, Mead & Coi of
New York.
A book that will be snapped up by
Stevenson lovers is "The Wisdom of
Rob:rt Louis Stevenson," collected and
arranged from Tusltala's writings by
the Scott-Thaw Company of New
Tcrk. Those who keep "Virginibus
Pnerisque" on the eame familiar shelf
that holds . the Psalms of David need
no mere word* of advice. Lovers of
Stevenson are united. in a' brotherhood
of kinship. Need one* of them urge
the merits of this dainty Jittle leather
covered book of sweet philosophy?
Another reprint which will have an
appeal to a smaller circle c-f readers is
William Morris' "Golden Wings,"
which is published by 'the H. M. Cald
well Company, New York.' Those who
do not know Morris thoroughly may
experiment with this little book. It is
Morris in his quintessence.
Two books of quotations fall under
the eye of the Christmas book buyer.
"Woman and Her Wits,"- by G. F.
Monkshood, is all that the title implies.
Solomon and Schiller, Aeschylus and
that prciiric writer. Anonymous, all
contribute of their wisdom, their Nvit,
their venom, to the* glory of Eve's
daughters. Why a green cotton hand
kerchief should decorate the book's
cover is a question which the publish
ers, the' H. M. Caldwell Company of
New York, alone can answer. "Wit
and Humor of Well-known Quota
tions." edited by Marshall Brown, is
broader In Its style than Mr. Monks
hood's thesaurus. Here Is something
for the after-dinner speaker and the
club wit. The book's scheme is unique.
For every stereotyped old saw there are
given the hundred and one odd varia
tions—newspaper squibs, Jokesters'
puns and cracks^of the street. /For in
stance, under the heading "Lightning
never strikes twice in the same place,",
comes this crisp aphorism: "Neither
does a mule. The reason of this is
because the place Is never there after
the first strike." Small, Maynard &
Co. of Boston publish this book. '
"The Lovers' Rubalyat" is a mosaic
made out of Rubaiyat quatrains by
Jessie B. Rittenhouse. Though choos
ing from ten translators the segments
of her edited love poem, the author
has succeeded In making quite a uni
fied symphony of sentiment. This, is
the first time the old Persian has been
done into a patchwork quilt. The
product is unique If hot' altogether as
satisfying as the original. Small,
Maynard &' Co: of Boston sponsor the
book. ' '•? ; ,
Of the specially decorated holiday
books remaining unmentioned, - the
Christy edition of Riley's poem, "Out
to Old Aunt Mary's,", and Harrison
Fisher's illustrated edition of Paul L.
Ford's "Love Finds the Way," deserve
credit. Though Christy does not draw
boys as he does those stately,. stunning
women of his, he has put Riley's sweet
poem into j an artistic '■ background of
picture, fitting in every respect. Fish
er's illustrations for "Love Finds the
Way", are as • good, as ' the illustrator
has done and his capabilities are not
meager. But ' the tinted border of
roses " and pretty buttercups the pub
lishers have put' on each page makes
the - book look like a \ sweet scented
valentine; one looks instinctively for
cupids floating on. crinkled paper.
The Bobbs-Merrill Company of India
napolis publish Riley's poem; Dodd,
Mead & Co. of New York are respon
sible for the valentine atrocity.
Of children's books Just a word.
"Alice's Adventures In ..Wonderland,"
which the Frederick A." Stokes. Com
pany of New York publish at $1 50, Is
very near perfection iri'juveniles. John
Tenriiel's original illustrations are re
inforced by twelve full page color
plates, excellently done. Two ,' of
Denslow's inimitable books are on the
market- 'The Pearl and the Pump
kin," . a new and wonderful fairy
story, (is full of spirited acttori, ' both
In text and . picture. The last . season
favorite, "The Scarecrow' and the Tin
man," appears again -in new, and won
drous adventures. ''Each; book "sells/at
$125, and G.*W. Dillingham of New
York is the publisher. ' •'
"Snowland Folk," by Robert "Peary,
the explorer, is' a book about the Arc
tic, rather too heavy for 'young tots,
but filled with good photographs.
Stokes, New York, bring it- out at
$1 20. Stokes also publish '"Buster
Brown Abroad," R.;F. Outcault's new
conception of . the cherubic child. It
is as good as the, other Buster Brown
books— the standard of .that" compari
son children themselves -know. ,•
"And, lastly, ■ Paul-Elder
& Co. of this city publish -two illum
inated calendars, • the; iriipressions cal
endar arid(a( Christmas. Carol calendar,
which are ' high perfection typograph
ically. ■ They are • not -books, -. however,
and appeal to a writer on books very
much as they do > to a 'reader * of books
— remarkably; handsome.
LEGAL
Lore for Laymen
~* BOOK filled with matter of ln-
IJ structlon and worth for the law
■y.;\ student or the practicing lawyer,
and yet a book replete with
lively and entertaining matter for the
lay reader, is the revised and enlarged
edition of Francis L. Wellman's j "The
Art of Cross-Examlnatlon." ,
Unquestionably cross-examination is
one of the most difficult branches of all
the many that a successful advocate
must acquire. *It is ' in the cross-ex
aminatioh that, the issue of a case is
most frequently' brought to a focus.
Some one ' has ' said that success in the
art of ■cross-examination comes \ rather
to the ; happy, possessor of a genius for
it. However that may; be, \ Mr. Well
man' his succeeded remarkably well In
reducing the principles of cross-exam
ination, so far as they may be re
duced, down to the grasp of even the
humblest student of the law.
There has been little attempt at an
exhaustively scientific treatment of the
subject. Whole chapters, such as the
one dealing with the cross-examination
of -Dr. . in the celebrated Car
lyle W. Harris murder case, .read like
engrossing chapters of romance." The
book is the fruit of a long and dis
tinguished career on the part of Mr.'
Wellman as one of the ablest and most
successful trial lawyers before the New
York bar. The subject matter, so far
as, was practicable, has been set forth
in the modern inductive, or ' casebook,
method of legal instruction. Appre
ciating the difficulties of attempting to
set down rules for a branch of the law
which must always. rest, for its most
signal triumphs, upon the advocate's
knowledge of human nature, his Intui
tive knack of catching the "weak
point" in. a .witness' testimony, at times
even his dramatic ability, Mr. Wellman
- has, nevertheless", succeeded in 'setting
forth the cardinal principles in the art
of cross-examination in a manner" so
simple and yet so telling that It must
prove of Inestimable benefit to every
lawyer who from necessity or choice
does courtroom . work.
All the forenslcs of the greatest Jury
lawyer. who ever played upon the sym
pathies or the passions of twelve s good
men and true are but wasted upon the
empty air, provided the cross-exam
iner has made his point. Jurymen
may be, and many times . are, . preju
diced against a lawyer who has the rep
utation for being a great Jury 'lawyer.
They are afraid and suspicious- of. his
power to swav with words, buV.even
the dullest Juryman ; can trust , his* own
powers of observation and draw .his
own conclusions when" a* witness: in. the
witness chair has^ been', absolutely idis-.
credited, tripped • up with ( lriconsisten-.
cies or fatally ensnared .with"-.'contra
dictions. These . matters are the' field
of the "trial la\vyer," : and upo*n his suc
cess In their application rests, his case.'
Defining his subject, Mr. Wellman
Bays: '"Great lawyers have: {often,
failed lamentably at\their r cr6ss-exam-"
ination, while marvelous success has"
crowned the efforts of those who might
have otherwise been regarded as of.
mediocre ; grade in the profession. Yet
personal experience arid the? emulation
of others trained' in the . art" are the :
surest means i of attaining proficiency
in this all-lmnortant prerequisite, 'of
the competent > trial ', lawyer. It re- ,
quires the^greatest Ingenuity; ;a 'habit
of logical thought: clearness \ of per- ■
ception in general;, infinite - patience ;
and ' self-control; - power to read men's
minds intuitively; to ' Judge of their
characters by their faces, _to appreciate
their motives; "ability to act with force ;
and precision; - a masterful ■ knowledge
of the subject-matter itself; > ah* ex- .
treme caution,', and, 'above jail,' the "fin- :
stinct Ito discover.' the' weak •, point, in
the witness under, examination." ;
The writer, then proceeded, to .take -.up
the t matter and manner ■ of
cross-examination. In a '-chapter
devoted to; ; cross-examination". --of i
perjured witnesses „ is ,- : given' a
verbatim extract of Abraham Lincoln's
first defense at a'» murder trial, where ;
Lincoln, > with a witness in the chair
swearing :. that v a* third 'party^ flredjthe ■
Bhot resulting 7 in ; the ; death, ■ hot fonly
breaks up the testimony of the witness;
: but " proves that s the witness '.'. himself
iwas the murderer. ThVwitness subse-~
quently ; confessed. ., The book Is filled
■with equally graphic and diverting ex
tracts from the trials conducted 5 by the
most eminent advocates iWho" have ap
peared before the American -bar.
•,'In a' chapter on " "Some" Famous
Cross-rExamlners and ■ Their;! Methods'.'
is given a succinct .and "character,
portrayal of some of the' greatest ■Eng-'
lish and American lawyers of the pres
ent and past, together j with", aebmpre
henslve analysis of the means by'which
they, attained success. The methods of
Rufus ',< Choate, \ '."The ..Ttuler^ of,; the
Twelve," . Lord * Russell^ of .•'"■England, .
. Daniel .\Web6ter,,: .'Jeremiah . * Mason,*
Judge William Fullerton, ,WlIliam \ M.
Evarts, Joseph .'''.- H.", : \ :Choatej,j ; Roscoe:
' Conkllng,; Benjamin F. Butler ; and
many others equally famous are com
mented on.' .' :
Approximately one.- half , of \ the \ vol
ume'is devoted" to^verbatim 1 , extracts
of ; some . of, the' most : famous cross-ex
aminationswithin .the; authors ;exp"eri-'!
ence. ;'-. Notable . among those given are
THE-SAN^FRANGISGO SUNDAY- GABH
"The Bellevue Hospital Case"; the
cross-examination . of Guiteau,>'Gar
fieid's assassin;, by v John ;. K. :'., Porter,
spoken i of as one of the great master
pieces 1 of 'forensic skill, and "the* cross
examination of Dr. ■ in- the Car
lyle . W. Harris . murder case of -■; New
York. The cross-examination of Russell
Sage by Joseph H. Choate" in the case
of Laldlaw;vs. Sage, Is fllleli with witty
flashes of -humor from the: brilliant
Choate. This -was the .well , known case
where a' crank,' walking Into Mr. Sage's
. offl . ce i" w^* h jy srlp'.of dynamite,' demarid
e4.-twelveV thousand dollars '."to refrain
from smashing * the grip... to the floor.
Mr: t Sa"ge; ; \ temporizing, pulled the
plaintiff; Laldlaw,' between himself and
■. the >'?_ r * n Kv''-.ThV ' crank;, dropped the
grip, arid -was himself killed.', Laldlaw
received] injuries for which he demand
ed_ as damages from Mr.''. Sage, $40,000
The;followlng bits are taken verbatim
from Mr. Choate's cross-examination
of Mr. Sage: fflWftJjWngjfl
f ' Mr/; Choate: VfWere your. glasses hurt
by that explosion which Inflicted forty
seven wounds .on . your : chest?" (Mr.
Sage, having. previously stated that he
carried his glasses in his vest pocket' )
: Mr. Sage: "I do not' remember.",
•. Mr. iChoate:. "You certainly would
remember if you had to buy : a new
pair?" /;..'. '; .. , ' ,...'../..'' •'
And this, 'where the irrepressible wit
pokes more fun at,;; ther'; famous
financier: '
• ;Mr.-r Choate: ; "Bought "them? (His
trousers). -'You- do' riot 'buy "ready-made
trousers,- do you?" :. . ; . , >
jMr/Sage: "I do sometimes! I get' a
better ' fit." .;.
MrijChoate: "Get benefit? 1 '. '.
Mr. Sage: "No. , Get better fit."
Following up'a remark of Mr. Sage's
referring to his'.age," :':We. fall try to
hold our 'owir as lohg' as! we can," Mr.
Choate remarks dryly: •-
> ''You- speak ' for yourself when you
say we '- all : try: to hold • on' to all that
we can." , - " ' : ' '
Macmillan , Company, : -New
York; cloth;. J2 50, net.)
and His Go od Genius
S' TORIES ; of children for the elders'
reading seem to be( the fashion^ of
f tnejhour. We have had "Emmy
I- ; ;L ?V'" with ■; her woes and (joys;
: T . ne; Admlrabl ® Tinker,','/ of impossible
procliylties, and ; Myfa t Kelly's "little
b^ a * s X° C .'* ne ast Sid .e . .school— these
? nd^?? y ; ot bers.; : Yet'- the' reading
world(clariiors for more : of Tenfarit ter
rible,and Gouverneur Moirris adds^ his
talent:tohhe: relief, of. theVpublic* want
wlth'VEllen and Mr.; Man." A- very
P r .?. tty ; li **te} story, ■ but nothing beyond
the t ordinary. '. .' ■ ■ " ; ;
- ' Th A'< tale ' h , as . an (idyllic inception— a
little; freckle-faced* todger 'pursuing fa.
butterfiy— quite a siiftable • pattern^fbr
a birthday; gift ' cup -of the frontispiece
to a ■children's linen letter book/. From
this; arcadian "'■ fancy, ; however, the gist
of the story, leads down.by,easyVgrada
tions. to ( things; of the (earth, ; earthy—
the laxities; of ; ; a Vnegligent father,; an
unfortunate scene eh f amille, . the ques-
tli/nable pleasures of a French board
ing-school for boys. Mr.' Man, the' hero
of. the story — even a nine-year-old boy
hiay; be a hero — has the misfortune to
have, a misguided parent who believes,
with .. Rousseau, that children" should
rear j themselves. It . Is .while " indulging
himself; in this privilege, that : Mr. Man
meets his Aunt Ellen, and his ways im
mediately fall' In pleasant places. From
tatters to store togs he makes his grad
uation; then in the course of events he
finds; himself in France and an unwill
ing'witness to a love match! between
Ellen and a maker of chocolate. The
story's .end finds the (young ' gentleman
with ' his' honor ' unsmirched, his ' family
'scutcheon , ,\ somewhat cleaner and
everybody •happy. -
■ Mr. .-Morris has given his readers a
real.': 'personable little 1 " fellow; in this
story 'of Mr. iMan.' Most 'natural when
he . is nearest to nature, , "Nedward"
Holinsh'ed-- of the bee-stung ■ face and
the frayed pantaloons Is a* far more at
tractive young; person, than Master Ed
ward "■ Hollhshed who ■' gets cocky in
school ; andy flippant -'with his; eiders.
Just why the author* should have elect
ed ;. . to register i this decadence , of t Mr.
Man. under the blighting influence of
an excess of prosperifcy ■ does not . be
coirie apparent! to the -reader. : I^et us
say' lt-^but ; lna whisper— that perhaps
the author himself (could 'not tell Just
theAvhy and. wherefore t 6f this point."
' . (The Century "Company, ' New York;
Illustrated; price $1 # 25.)
*.*' r r - . ■■, ,.'i - — — — ♦ r— -. ■ . •
LABOR
Is Novelist's Theme
■ 'i'-'/HEN- Carlyle wrote "The lead
•1-1 r -\ ' ers of : Industry, 1 If industry, is
VA/ •, ever .to be ,. led, are virtually
• ._-[ , - the -captains of the world." he
•voiced, a sentiment -that evidently rang
clear -and true to Gwendolen Overtbn,
for; she; took: It, as the basis of, her, new
novel;and even , went so far as,to call
it the "Captains of the World."
• :\The book, and a ■ very good one It; is,
deals; with" the^ greatest; problem '■. of the
'dayV-the - labor | question," "arid ; from " the
beginning to .the ; end \ the main" topic
is unionism,' the rightsof the worklng
man^andt the 'ambitions arid, ability, of
the Arherlcan-born man' In general. .
,'Thei story begins with: a sharp con
trast between ' two '■ men,' ■ Nell Manning,
a^ son * of * nobody . and '•' a workingman,
and, .Prince 'Valeri6.( the -possessor of
ancestrial "domains 'and ; the Inheritor of
many noble .' titles, k One ;was;a melter
in a- steel ■ mill, 1 the other acoilege man
with- silver-llried pockets,' who spent his
days -getting as much • ehjoymeht out
of life'; as was possible"-' ' '
Beatrice ? Tennant ;• was. the onlychild
of JtheTmllllonaire ; president of . the mills
and <as such was" guarded as" the; apple
of her father's eye, for: all his 1 hopes
and ambitions socially were centered
upon ■ her, { and had he even so much" as
dreamed ; that one of "the ' meanest ;; of
his f employes', had (dared to fall in( love
with; her ;hls, fury (would have known,
no -bounds.'. . .';' . * . x '- -j -'':-.-. •
'Just -'about ; the ; time :Prlnce -Valerlo
began to" frequent the Tennant marble
palace a strike - was threatened at the
mill and the air was filled with trouble
and ."discontent. An attempt had been
made to unionize the men at the va
rious plants,* and as this was contrary
to '< the : company's policy ' all . men who
leaned ' toward union sentiments had
been' promptly discharged. Among ;the
first to go was Manning, for in study
ing the subject he had decided that his
fellow workers were not very far
wrong. in many of their demands.
Instead of trying to arbitrate and to
pour oil . on . the ; troubled waters. v the
company remained obstinate and re
fused to^ concede to any of j the demands
put upon them.'and furthermore closed
and locked the doors of their plants un
til the men were ready to return at the
old hours and wages.
Hunger, cold and misery In every
shape and form was a catastrophe that
the; strikers .evidently had not figured
upon,, for when the winter .with "its
growing terrors , .beset .them,' ,they
threatened every form • vt violence and
did*all;(they could to batter, down the
Jb'jections' and prejudices of the mill
owners..: Finally matters reached a'cri
sis when an old woman,' crazed .with her
•losses, stole into the' Tennant garden
and killed the company's presldent/arid
the fancied cause of her, own woes, as
he walked leisurely" about looking at
the various flower beds. ■ m
This was the turning point of Beat
rice Tennant's life. Instead of marry
ing the Prince, a3 she had promised her
father on hlsdeathbed, she deliberately
broke, her engagement, disposed of the
great marbje home and went to Paris;
hoping, against* hope that she might be
able to forget the energetic young labor
leader, and the" look that she had unwit
tingly surprised Into his tell-tale eyes.
At the end of seven busy years, dur
ing Avhlch time Beatrice had devoted
much of her time" and money to the
working class, she again . chanced to
cross Nell Manning's path, but In the
meantime their circumstances had
changed not a little. He was a pros
perous business man, battling his way
through; life in such an upright, clean
fashion that he held the respect of even
those he was fighting against. On the
other hand, while she was still her own .
mistress, she was not . the pampered*
darling of the rich,, for adversity and
generosity had played such havoc with
her millions that but enough of her for
tune remained to keep her. from the ne
cessity of work.
Again the question of station, of edu
cation and of wealth began to perplex
her and the violent opposition of her
so-called friends made her long for a
life; that would 1 be- free from petty
mummeries and fancied etiquette. ; She
turned the question slowly over In" her
mind and looked fairly at both rides of
it. : On one 'hand' there- were 'hosts of
friends who would : iet her drop speedily
from -their lives and \ thoughts, • on
the other hand, those who oared for her.
friendship 1 : would "care for herself and
not her, position in life. The greater part
of her( fashionable (friends considered
Manning, the : labor! leader, scarcely • fit
to enter i the. doors of their aristocratic
homes, but' notwithstanding she looked
the future squarely in the face and de
termined t to live out. her own life, to
pleas* -herself, rather than allow it to
be shaped by the standards of those
whose opinions. and mental capacities
she had always held in supreme con
tempt. . .
All the way through "The Captains
of the World" is, one triumph after an
other for th-» workingman, : and It is
meant to portray what can be accom
plished if, one has shrewd business
ability. .nimble wits and boundless en
ergy, for • It abounds in examples of
self-made > men . . reaching the place
where they- are the world's- greatest
financial dictators. (Published by Mac
rnillan Company, New York. Price
$150.) V ,
POEMS ;■ .
by Louis Robertson
the small number of true poets
I | whom California claims, Louis
\J_ Alexander Robertson ia one. -This
is' a singer; whose • verses ( have
been few but; perfect. By three slender
sheaves of poems, all published within
the last few. years," he has riiade his
name one td^be ■ reckoned, with by the
cognoscenti » in America ! and England.
Had he staked (his claim" to (the laurel
by "^The" Dead .■.Calypso" alone, had he
even written nothing besides. the single
poem "Ataxla," I believe that Mr. Rob
ertson would go down flrst;iri the Red
Book of' contemporary \ poets. But his
font of Inspiration (is not; of the. inter
mittent, and (a , new book- of .verse,
"From Crypt (and Choir ;".' no'w comes
to reinforce opinion molded .by the
earlier works. - B^H|^3|
Could- 1 but: make of the
term . sufficiently . ■ comprehensible, : . '• I
would readily Select to call ' Robertson
the, poef a Greek. * By so denominating
him I(would;aim ,td(express.in a .word
the dominant note of sensuous classic
ism ; that pervades his There
is in it a throbbing vitality', a fearless
exaltation- of the" body urged through
very ' adoration • of . the ; mystery ; of ; cre
ation. -Th^'splrlt that led ancient peo
ples(.to-find divine; significance in. the
stories of Zeus^arid.Euroba, of Venus
and "Adonis, Is the game that this Call
fornlan poet voices in his; songs of pas
sion. A handling less purely classic
would put ;such verse beyond 'the pale.
But-a poem such as the "Phryne"' In
this last-volume ,of -work,
which by. its allegory of unlmpassioned
and 'passionate love defines theimpulse
that has r the*i power ■{':}:, . •
To prompt the. chisel and .the brush and pen.
such a poem is a thing of. high es
thetic ; , worth.- ;
-To this. classic spirit Robertson adds
a rich and colored Imagination as.com
plementary, and completing. .Like the
poet (who created < ''Laodamla" to sing
itself down( the flight of years, this one
has (the ; faculty /of recreating
. .The' Klory that was Greecs.
And ;■' the . grandeur that ,. was • Rome.
Classic : myths * are for him heroic
pictures .to be limned out i tone 'for tone
arid line for line. He conjures up
scenes which lend their whole scope of
impresslveness to the word painting of
a single stanza. "Eurydlce" gives
Burne-Jones* canvas in fourteen lines:
How. Orpheus must have. thrilled thy captlvt
■ soul
•■When, facin* DJs thy freedom to obtain.
He (truck the classic chords, the master
That made rocks reel and rivers backward rolL
Hell's tortured heroes heard- his hymna extol
Thy matchless worth, till they forgot th«lr
And turned— one glimpse ' of tl»" fair fac»
As after htm they saw thee earthward stroll.
Proserpina sat silent while he played.
Then whispered to her lord to set the* free:
Great Pluto nodded, and th? *ate» of hell
Swuns swift and wide, while Cerberus obeyed
The tamln? tune; then Orpheua turned to sea
If thnu wert safe., and • heard the« shriek
'"Farewell !"
'Other verse than 'the erotic and the
classic find place in "From Crypt and
Choir." In "The Promised Peace" the
poet rings out a, warning against en
croaching-sordidness In the life of to
day; again in "The Crust of Content"
he inveighs against garnering the
husks of the world. In these, as In all,
exalted spirit and suspension of the
clear note from, beginning to end make
beauty In the, lines. Robertson's me
chanics of verse structure are of such
high order of perfection as to induce
the effect of spontaneity. No ticking of
the metrical rote machine interferes to
mar. the harmony between thought and
sound.
■ (A". M. Robertson. San Francisco;
price 51.)
— — . — »
A LIFE
of the Great Poet
.—■HE recent publication as an inde
fe> pendent work of W. J. Rolfe's
VX "Life of Shakespeare," which ap-
peared a year or so ago as a sup
plementary volume to the New Century
edition of Shakespeare, is a rare boon
to the students of the great dramatist.
It is well that Dr. Rolfe's exhaustive
work is. given the distinction of Inde
pendent publication, for it is in itself a
masterpiece of scholarly effort and a
complete review of the critical studies
that have had Shakespeare for their mo
tive since Nicholas Rowe published the
first biography of the Immortal poet in
1709. The • appearance of this volume
separately has the added merit of of
fering to Shakespeare students the sum
of Rolfe's study, which would otherwise
be unavailable to all who did not be
come possessors of the complete edition
of which it was originally a part.
So long has Dr. Rolfe's name been
prominent in the ranks of Shakespeare
critics that the authority of his word
does not suggest Itself to debase. That
Halliwell-Phillips in an Introductory
. note to his standard "Outlines of the
Life. of. Shakes^e'aie" should have re
stricted the measure of his indebted
ness, to five . contemporary authorities,
of 'which number Holfe was one, is suf
ficient .gauge of the rank held among
commentators by the author of the
work under consideration. He is gener-*
ally conceded to be the only American
whose word Is entitled to the measure
of consideration accorded Sidney Lee
and his contemporaries in England and
Germany.^BB8teiBi
Rolfe has brought to bear upon his
work a' high power of discrimination,
for discrimination; can be the only abid
ing essence of Shakespearean criticism
in this day of intensive and sometimes
abnormally inventive delving into the
mysteries of the playwright's motives
and inspirations. So much that Is
apocryphal, so great an amount of
speculation, of deduction and. theoriz
ing confronts the Shakespearean schol
ar that his task to-day is not so much
a- creative as a critical one. Acting on
this well established hypothesis, the
author of the "Life of Shakespeare"
has made his entire work one of care
ful elimination and selection, so that
its sum total represents what one stu
dent believes to be the. kernel of meat
in the whole volume of commentary.
Chary of advancing new theories with
out a proper foundation work Qf legiti
mate hypothesis. Dr. Rolfe has devoted
the major part of his energies to top
pling over and exposing fallacies which
have received the sanction of haphaz
ard'theorists. Especially worthy' of note
is -his. leveling of the tenets of those
who deny that Shakespeare wrote
Shakespeare.
■' Against • the Baconians Rolfe brings
to: bear the accumulated evidence
drawn from the typographical execu
tion'of the first folio of 1623. Bv ad
ducing- the noteworthy 1 Incidents of
false proofreading and illiterate editing
manifested throughout the thirty-six
plays In the edition, and by instancing,
also, evidences which prove that the
author of the play.s credited to Bacon
certainly had not supervision over
their folio printing, the writer seems to
fix Justification for his assertion:
"That Francis Bacon could have edited
them (the folio plays) or supervised
their, publication Is inconceivable — ex
cept (to a fool or a Baconian."
'Rolfe devotes a weighty chapter to
the discussion of Shakespeare's son
nets. Was the publication of the son
nets in 1609 authorized by the author?
Are the sonnets wholly or in part auto
biographical, or merely poetic exercise,
modeled after the fashion of the day?
Did .they ring true with Shakespeare's
own spirit or was their sentiment llke
wise^but "the reflection* of literary
modes of the time? These are some
of, the questions Rolfe propounds. Not
only does he answer them, but he seeks
at the same time to puncture some of
the misconceptions of hasty commenta
tors.' That the sonnets were not ed
ited bv Shakespeare, nor their publi
cation authorized by him, is Rolfe's
belief; of their Dersonal* nature and '
sincerity he is convinced.
In a discussion of the great poet's
poems, notably "Venus and Adonis"
and "Lucrece." Rolfe calls to his aid
the interpretation of Coleridge in refu
tation of. the contention that Shake
speare sought only to glorify things
sensual through thorn. RoLfe contends
for a recognition in both prtenis of an
ethical and reflective element which
draws Its lesson from thy Intense and
brutal passion exemplified therein.
(Dana . Estes & Co., Boston; Illus
trated: cloth; price $3.)THE SAN -FRANCISCO; SUNDAY^ GALU.LESSON NO. 5
GROVE'S MUSIC
SIMPLIFIER
Copyright, 19O4, by W. Scott
v Grove, Scraaton, Pa.
THE key of E and- its relative, the key of
. C minor, are presented in this lesson*. The
; -key of E is one that gives much trouble
to beginners in the ordinary method of
teaching music, because it has 'four sharps. The
notes F, C, G and D are sharps in; the key of K
and fare] consequently played on the black:' notes.
This is confusing, but is made simple by the
charts..
Place one of the charts at right angles with
the , keyboard, so that the small letter D with a
dash I above lit on the chart is directly over D on
the keyboard. Then the white spaces on the
chart will be over the white keys and black spaces
over the black keys. /
The top, middle and lower sections on the
lower chart represent the three chords, a mastery
of "which will enable any one to accompany on
the piano any song" or melody in the key of E,
and the upper chart represents the chords of the
key of C: sharp minor;
The black letters are to be played with the
left hand, the red letters with the right hand.
Now/: haying placed the chart on the piano,
play the black" , letter on the top section with the
left - hand : and then the three , red letters in unison
with the right hand. Next play the middle section
in the same way, then i the lower section, aridlthen -
return to the, top section. The small letter D with
a dash above it, which gives the chart position,
must not be played:. *] ;
The knowledge of the keys and facility in
striking {the proper 'chords form the basis of all
musical knowledge/ -Keep the chart on the piano
until you. are thoroughly familiar -w'ith the chord3,
in the keys given in this week's, lesson, and when
memorized you are; quite as well. equipped for the
playing of accompaniments as one who has studied
music for years. : . . :
(SIXTH LESSON NEXT SUNDAY.)no_textno_textno_textno_textText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availablePages 29 to 44
PRIEST RE-ESTABLISHES MEDIEVAL LIFE IN ENGLISH MONASTERY
ENGLISH PEIEST WHO PLACES A STRICT CONSTRUCTION ON THE WORDS
OF THE BIBLE AND HAS REVIVED THE SPIRIT OK THE MIDDLE AGES
IN A MONASTERT HE HAS ESTABLISHED. ' .
MANCHESTER FINDS
PURSE TOO LEAN
Duchess Plans Beyond Her Means
LONDON, Dec 17.— All sorts of aueer
ctories concerning the financial affairs
of the Manchesters have gained circu
lation, owing to the action of some
Irish tradesmen and builders In apply
ing to the courts to expedite the settle
ment of their accounts for work done
at Kylemore Castle and for supplies
furnished. The extensive - renovation
and alterations still in progress there
have cost a mint of money — much more
than the Duchess at first ' anticipated,
when, in characteristic American fash-
Ion, she gave a carte blanche order to
"flx things up regardless." But as no
American millionaire whose daughter
has wedded a title has heretofore failed
to put up money enough to enable her
to "hold her own against the effete aris
tocracy of Europe, no doubt is felt in
society that Papa" Zimmerman will
continue to "make good."
Am the Kylemore bills poured In and
the figures mounted up the Duchess
suggested to her husband that they
should overhaul the accounts and check
off the Items and pee that they were
really getting something like 1 their
money's worth- The Duke shrugged his
shoulders. \ g
"Business is all Greek to me. and
bce'Ses it is a beastly bore." or some-
thing _ to 'that -effect he is reported to
have answered. "It is. your father's
money, and if you think there Is any
thing wrong with the bills, why— do
anything #bu like about them, but just
let me out/";-'
" So /the upshot was the. Duchess un
dertook" to overhaul the bills herself,
and the order, went forth that they
were-nojonger.to be paid on the mere
"O. K.". of the, Kylemore agent.
But she .found that she had tackled
a - bigger task than she had bargained
for. While she. was playing the role
of the grand titled dame, the bills ac
cumulated > arid ; remained , unpaid.
Tradesmen who' had been' accustomed
to ' a monthly settleriient of their " ac
counts by.; the agent on the spot be
came suspicious \ and grew clamorous.
Rumors .spread in the neighborhood
that Papa ■ Zlirimerman had' been hard
hit in : some stock market speculation,
and would not put . up anymore rnoney
for. KyleinoreV Castle. *VInV consequence
some : of the most insistent of; the cred
itors applied at the High Court. Jn Dub
lin.' ■- ■-■;:■ . '■':",•■■ ■ ■" ■ ; •
France Calls an American.
PARIS/ Dec 17."— The! councilof :the
Paris University . - has authorized
Charles Flske Beach 'Jr., a> lawyer of
St. Paul/to give'a course'of lectures In
American law at : the : Sorbonne. * ; ~: .
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, ,1904.
Amii Calm and, Peaceful Surpounclings ttie Monks
Are Kept In IanoFance of Affairs of tlie World,
STATUE IN MEMORY OF THE APPEARANCE OF VIRGIN
LONDON, Dec. 17.— Father Ignatius,
the; famous "Protestant monk,", who
denounces the higher criticism as more
dangerous to 'Christianity than open
atheism and boasts that he would still
believe everything in the Bible even if
it' said the" moon was made of green
cheese, has again ■■ furnished - striking
proof of 4he unquestioning character of
his faiths ... ' . ,
At Llanthony, In a lovely Welsh val
ley surrounded ify mountains, where he
has established a monastery and sum
moned the middle ages back to life, he
Is erecting a beautiful memorial to
commemorate a wondrous apparition of
the blessed Virgin, which , he declares
appeared- there twenty-four years ago.
Time was when i such an ; undertaking
would have evoked a storm of angry
protest and derisive comment in the
English press, but the popular estimate
of Father Ignatius has greatly changed
in recent years. Even those who most
strongly differ from his religious .views
have come to respect him for his earn
estness and unselfish enthusiasm.
Many, have heard him -In America, for
he once preached a mission from New
York to San Francisco. . [>':*: /
His description of the apparition as
beheld by him and several of his monks
and lay brothers, recalls the numerous
stories of spectral visions supposedly
witnessed in medieval days', when the
church ruled supreme • and ; scofnrig
skeptics ' were unknown. According to
Father Ignatius • the Virgin's appear
ance was- heralded by a great circle of
light flashing out over the heavens and
illuminating the whole country round
about. In the center of this circle there
gradually, took shape a gigantic figure
standing sideways, with uplifted hand.
WILL ERECT A STATUE.
"In the distance," the. monk says,
"the figure seemed to be about sixty
feet high, but as it descended it as
sumed the ordinary size of a human
being. I saw. distinctly the outlines of
the features against the bright light
and . ajso the exact form of the;drap
ery, all as plainly and clearly as it is
possible for me to express." ; ',
It never appeared again' to 'tile -pious
watchers, but on each;recurring.anni
versary of the blessed vision, : Father
Ignatius and his little community have
celebrated the festival of "Our Lady^of
Lfanthony."- And now, having acquired
the necessary funds/they will give per-;
manent expression to their faith, in, the
form of a marble statue," representing
a female, figure with outstretched arms,
holding in one hand the lainp of .truth,
in which a light I will .be kept perpetu
ally burning. - .
Here the deyout . fatner fondly be
lieves that in the days to. ooriie . when
the church ceases Its efforts. .to recbn^
cile science and religion, and reverts to
the faith and methods of ,its v ; earlier
guides, pilgrims from afar will gather
in thousands for prayer andirispiratlbn
and miraculous: healing.'
HIS EARLY. STRUGGLES. 1
-'■: It i was ; hi ' 1861 ; that the ' Rev. , Joseph
Leycester Lyne. then a curate/ 24 years
pld, determined to embrace the '.life of. a
monk, while still retaining his allegi
ance to the English church. Assurrilng
the 'name of ' Father : Ignatius, ■<. he', first
attempted to. ; found a ; monastery .at
Norwich. But the Bishop forbade him
to preach,: mobs attacked him arid. his
companions, and penniless arid in brok
en'health he was driven out, of .j the
town. For years thereafter his life was
a story of persecution, endurance, pluck
and tremendous, resolution ending in
1870 In the' calm of Llanthony Abbey."
But it was a ; 'sorry- haven :of refuge
he first found there. He slept for a
time. ir. , a cowshed^ while the r other
monks oceupied ! a windowless. barn
close by. However, times. mended arid
as the means -were he
wrought a wondrous change Vin^that
peaceful Welsh valley until then : al
most uninhabited. - . . . .■
; The visitor,' viewing, it for, the '■ first
time, seems suddenly transported | back
through the dead and gone centuries Xo
a scene that belongs, to the middle ages
—an illusion to which a singular^ air of
reality is lent by the figure' of /Father
Ignatius, arrayed as an .'Abbot' in' the
garb of St. Benedict,, with'; tonsured
crown and the ' pastoral staff , in; his
hand. \ ■ ; ". ' ■ '. '" ; : '. " >■< ' '.-;.
QUIET AND PEACE PREVAIL.
\ •; The monastery ; arid Its great , church
are bathed in' the "golden sunlight, i In
the meadows may be seen the" broth-,
ers of the monastery, with their habits
tucked around v them; 1 tossing hay 'and
laughing and playing with some Of v the
children who attend ■' the monastery
school; .cowled jarid- hooded figures ~fllt
about, the - corridors; -in the V- convent
garden Benedictine sisters are.walkirig;
the lowing of Seattle s arid \ bleating | of
sheep sound pleasantly inthe ears;, no
puff of the railway engine. or. 'screech
of steam whistle obtrude a' suggestion
of the strife and' bustle of : the modern
world ; over all seeriia to brood a ; spirit
of infinite clam.'peace and contentment.
But it Is not j to live ;a"? life of , pas
toral ease that Father Ignatius J gath
ers around him thosewho are prepared
to forsake , the world arid its .ways. : The
discipline ■ he ; imposes is : severe. " one
who; is* above,, the ir.ost . menial' work
is received into the community. [The
novice, • whatever his learning. - has '■: to
serve his ; apprenticeship with scrub
bins: brush and* pail. The monastery
bell, which r sounds : so romantic to ;the
outsider, 1 is * f or •. the . inmates v a ,'. stem
taskmaster. ';. From] ; 2 -o'clock J in ":. the
morning until 8 at,night;it.'keeps them
onVthe move,. every _■ day ;. In '^the A year,
summoning v them*to prayer or to work.-
The ►cloistered ;. monk , is- riot' permitted
to. leave : the monastery, grounds. . f He'
is allowed ito/coriverse* with his female'
relations onlylthro'ughVa.grating. ...
• "'SHUT .'OFF. FTIOM^^'thEv\Vo1UJ>.v.- ;
. ', The .monks \and : ;nun»i Jive ! in a, state
of gutter ! igiipfance-^bUssful^ ignorance
Father.? Ignatius « considers '; ■■; lt-^pf . all
thatt transpires * in .the' modern > wqrld.
Newspapers [are f forbidden' them:.-. They
are allowed i to read -only; such -5 books
as Fatherj Ignatius -considers : orthodox
and^ few/are, produced ; nowadays.';!- He
rejoices*, to/ the"- knowledge -that riiariy
of J them ; are unaware .whether, Victoria.
or^King- Edward -VII reigns over Eng
land. ; For I hirnself 'he' adopts a very
differerit c mental- diet, but that, he ex
plains, is because he has, to go out into
the -world and combat I heretics ■ arid he
has proved himself ; invincible to • the
Influence'.-; of modern thought.
•To;: the suggestion [that ; the young
men finder his training should.be kept
abreast* of the. speculations of the day,
he brice'replied: "We never allow our
selves to think. ; ' It is: all decided for
us. If.-, we doubt one • thing the 'whole
thing rmust -go, . Don!t; talk rubbish
to- me .about „ there being .more' faith
in honest doubt . than in .half . the
creeds. - It is -all settled- for- us and
there.is nothing. to dispute."
HOSPITALITY FOR ALL.
.A bed and: a meal- may always .be
had , for, the : asking by ■. the wayfarer
at Llanthony Abbey. Father'lgnatius
belle'vesin the hospitality that asks no
'embarrassing questions of its reciplent
• It* is medieval England that he yearns
to see restored. . • ' ■ 4 - :. . » .
u -: "Monasteries -were , never so ; much
needed "as now," he' says. :.VIf we had
our monasteries back the lands they
once -held for' the poor" would revert
to 'the- poor again, and the land ques
tion ■ would V be '■ settled: - ', The ' work
houses, .forced on us .by "Elizabeth
when' the monasteries were destroyed,
would become empty ' arid useless.'.'
>; It "t is the liberal tendencies . of . the
English 1 , church" which excite Father
'Ignatius' greatest ire." "'\ He once avow
ed that it> would; give* him 'greatpleas
ure-to > tear Bishop Gore of Worcester
limb -from -limb -because" he - spoke of
A'dami and .Eve as a "pair of anthro
poid fapes." By way of contrast he is
fond of 'recalling his friendship . for
Bradlaugh; | the ; atheist, /whom he ad
mired as a "brave soul and an honest
man.'' j .- ' '•. • •.--.' • .■■■■■' •
Armless,; but . Skilled Painter.
GENEVA, Dec. I7.j—Swiss "artists are
trulyjastounded by Miss Alrnee Rapin,
who' came into this world without arms.
To-day' Miss , Rapin holds an important
piace. among ' Swiss artists. .. Her most
celebrated 'work, truly . a masterpiece.
Is • "The; Clocks.'! \ With her ' geriius-di
rected toes . Miss .Rapin makes pastels,
too, and .portraits, in bas relief." ..;
Richest Widow in England.
. LONDON. Dec. 17.— In .assiduity .and
concentration lie, the secrets of the suc
cess; of -the ; richest twidow. in England.
She Is Mrs. ' Ascheton Smith,; wif e "of the
iate;*Duff\'Ascheton'.; Smith, who' -left
property /worth' over $600,000 a year. Out
of his income' the "deceased, through 1 the
business sagacity of his .wife." saved as
mucri^as* $15,000,000, -which' goes toYthe'
widow. ■ ." i$B&$B&BBB&&3B8§BS3BB&
Lion ■' lies . Down : With Lamb.
-PARIS, DecVn.— An animal trainer
has? been startling Paris this week by
exhibiting" the fulfillment of *the Biblical
prophecy^of 'i the 'lion" lying down- .with
the i lariib?^ The *- liori ■'. likes , and : allows'
himself to be. played with :by a lamb.
Pages29to44
WOMEN WITH
TITLES ACT
AS NURSES
iBYelaipanfldn
Societu for
Hospitals,
Titled. Women Get No
, More Gonsideratiop
Than Others.
LONDON, Dec. 17. — The sins of the
smart set continue to furnish an agree
able, theme for pungent phlllippics and
pulpit denunciation, but one hears lit
tle of the - titled women in London,
who, . revolting . against the' empty
frivolity of fashionable life, devote
themselves to - useful avocations and
missions of mercy. ,
In j entering the .Children's Hospital
in Great Ormorid street to be grained
as a nurse, -Lady 7 Marjorie, Erskine,
daughter ; of. the . Earl of Buchan," Is
merely following the example of sev
eral feminine members of. the aristoc
racy. Lady Maud Keith-Falconer was
graduated as a trained hospital . nurse
at St. Batholomew's. At the same in
stitution Miss Qariipbell, . daughter j of
Sir John Campbell, underwent a simi
lar/rigorous -| training arid is now the
matron of "a convalescent homel The
daughter;. of. Admiral Sir John Dal
rymple". also obtained her nurse's di
ploma there. , 7 . .
- Lady Hermlone Blackwood, now one
of; the most zealous workers, at the
Queen Victoria Institute for Nurses,
went through a four years' course at
the- London. Hospital, the biggest In
stitution * of \ the . kind and . the most
exacting with respect to nurses • in the
city. 'On its nursing staff at the pres
ent time are "several women, known
simply , as Nurse This" or Sister t That,
who bear, exalted Mayfair names."
:Lady ..; Ulrica Duncombe, accounted
one of J the most beautiful women • in
England,, who was recently married,
had- previously become a full-fledged
Uained nurse. > Titled nurses at these
big hospitals .are shown no more con
sideration than any others. At the
Children's Hospital Lady Marjorie
Erskine is \ plain Erskine." She
has to- rise at "6 o'clock every morning,
and . her - dainty; hands ■ have to take
their, turn at scrubbing out the wards.
On the : other hand, several of the
Vanity .Fair dames expend their sur
plus cash in bedecking their pets with
fine -raiment and . expensive ; jewelry.
Never * before : was . such . reckless ex
travagance -^displayed • in s the • matte*' o*
ca nine adornment. One of the , most
striking j.-. examples of. wealth . misap
plied. in : this fashion. is furnished by ( a
riiite .a dog of the ugly, hairless
Mexican : breed, ' rejoicing, in . the name
of Cinderella^ -She wears around her
neck a^Batin ribbon threaded through
diamond clasps.' *3BBBBKiBm
King Carlos r Wins at Cards.
, LONDON, Dec. 17.— The King of Por
tugal has been a. great social success.
His aptitude f o>- sports and pastimes
extends fully, to cards, and at Windsor,
as well .as' Chatsworth and Welbeck.
his bridge play was exceptionally bril
liant and ' his winnings heavy.
SEASON'S HUNT
COSTS FORTUNE
Am£^nsJPaY_Big Sums
• v for Dse of -Moors iif"
Scotland.
GO TO SHOOT GROUSE
Effort Will Soon Be Made
to Introduce Bird Into
America.
LONDON, Dec. 17.— Scarcity of
money among the English and Scotch
aristocracy h&t enabled Americans to
recure grouse moors at very cheap
rates this season. Prices are, on the
average, 25 per cent less than In for
mer years. There are more 'Americans
on the Scottish and Yorkshire moors
this year than there have been for the
last ten years.
Mr. Wa,terbury takes the lead easily
in the matter cf lavish expenditure and
entertaining. At Eraal Castle, tha
Caithnesshire property of Sir Tolle
mache Sinclair, he has a party of be
tween fifty and sixty American friends.
He has paid $23,000 for 5 the right of
shooting over the moors and the use
of the castle for the grouse season, and
It is' estimated that, with traveling ex
penses, the hire of dogs, guns and the
wages of beaters and other Incidentals,
bis expenses will not.. fall short of an
other $5000 a week. Georsro G. Fowler
of. New York has rented 40,000 acres at
Coigziaf earn for $20,000 for the season,
and he, too, is bringing a big party of
American and Parisian friends up to
the Scottish Highlands.
Broomhead. In Yorkshire, one of that
best moors in the British Isles, was
taken early In the year by a syndicate
of Americans, with Frank . Blbby of
Chicago at their head. The prospects
of a good grouse season were not then
encouraging, with the result that the
moors were secured for a mere song.
The syndicate has cleared $30,000 on
the deal.
. This ; same syndicate Is preparing to
exploit Wales and Ireland In anticipa
tion of next season. Irish moors can
now be acquired at ridiculously low
figures, and it is the intention of the
syndicate to buy them up and place
them under proper protection.
Waterbury has an idea, that grouse
may, flourish In the United States, and
with this object In view he Is making
arrangements that a quantity of eggs
shallbe sent out to him next year. He
proposes to try incubators first, and
if artificial means should fall he .will
have recourse to foster parents. He
Is prepared to spend $25,000 on the ex
periment.
Play Altered, Author Sues.
PARIS, Dec. 17.— A case which should
Interest authors at home cropped up at
the Theater des Mathurtns here in a
piece by M. tie Bray. A comedian. M.
Frey. had been improvising a great
many jokes and the audience enjoyed
It, but the author protested. The man
agement took M. Frey's side, so M. de
Bray, who did not want his piece mas-'
sacred, hired a lawyer to take notes of
the divergencies between ■ the text and
the performance, withdrew bis play and
sued for damages.30
Noble Grand Arch de Legh, accom
panied by Grand Secretary Martinoni,
PaFt Grand Arches Beck and Lewis,
Grand Trustee Gallagher and Grand
Sentinel Welsh, paid a visit officially
to the crove in J Pleasanton recently,
■whpre an instructive meeting was
h'ld. The degrees were conferred
urrier the direction of J. C. Mollo.
The noble grand arch and the
grand secretary visited San Joaquin
Grove, in Stockton, being accompa
nied by W. Edwards, C. C. Cappara
seca and E. L. Bacigalupi. It was a
meeting of instruction and advice and
at i he close the visitors were hospi
tably entertained.
The grand officers named, accom
panied by Past Grand Arch Beck,
Grand Tieasurer Moliterno, Grand Mar
shal Pozzi. Grand Trustees Gallagher
and Gicvannini. paid a visit to Roma
Grove in Oakland.
The Past Arch Association held its
regular meeting last month, but be
cause of the desire of a very small
minority to try to rule the association
the attendance was small and but lit
tle interest was manifested. The at
tempt to run the association on the
j>rinciple of "the tail wagging the
dog" is such that many of the mem-
V-ers t»re keeping away from meetings.
Recently the noble grand arch,
crand secretary, grand treasurer and
Grand Trustees Gallagher and Gio
vannini and many members of other
T'oves paid a visit to Columbia Grove,
where the work in the first and second
degree was exemplified under the di
rection of P. J. Moliterno, after which
there was a spirited talk by the noble
grand arch, who, among other things,
warned the membership to be true to
the principles of the order, which re
quires that no member shall willfully
injure a brother, either in his busi
ness or physically and particularly In
reputation by "whispering." After
the business there was an adjourn
ment to a near-by, dining hall, where
a very palatable supper was enjoyed.
Grand Trustee Gallagher was toast
master.
The journal of proceedings of the Su
preme Grove of the United Ancient Or
der of 'Druids, held in Richmond; Va.,
has been received in this city. It is a
volume of 230 pages, giving an interest
ing account of the work of the supreme
body. It shows that the representa
tives from California had a Very large
representation In the work of the high
est lawmaking body.
Tha special committee that is to ar
range for a memorial service in Febru
ary next was called to order last week
by Grand Secretary Martinoni and a
temporary organization was effected by
the election of D. Giovannini as <Jhair
nan and Joseph 21. Wolf as secretary.
Past Noble Grand Arch Judge Buck
of Redwood City was in this city last
week and called at the office of v the
grand secretary. He is much improved
in health.
Miss J. Vigamo, one of the many
bright members of El Dorado Circle,
has been elected first bard, and next
term will become arch Druidess.
Modern Woodmen.
During the last week in November
GoodfellowEHTp Camp of the Modern
Woodmen of America, had an interest
ing meeting at which a number of ap
plications were laid on the secretary's
desk, and these took the usual course.
At the first meeting in December the
camp elected officers for the current
term. •
The officers of Enright Camp of the
Royal Neighbors were elected last
week and preparations are being made
for an interesting installation. There
is a proposition to have the same at an
oper -meeting.
A new camp of the Woodmen has
been organized at Sonora. Another was
instituted last week in ; Healdsburg ■ by
State Lecturer, Whiter with' forty-flve
chartpr members. Last week this camp
ivas visited by State Deputy Davis for
the purpose of instructing. the new of
ficers 5n the proper management of the
affairs and the ritualistic work. -■■-'.
Native Sons.
Mission Parlor, after having taken a
rest for a time, has become active
again. It has organized a drum and
fife corps, obtaining its quota from
among the youmjer members who have
recently joined the parlor. The parlor
has appointed a committee of twenty
to devise ways and means for the pur
pose of purchasing a new banner,
which for mrvelty and beauty of design
will astonish the Natives on celebration
day at Sacramento next year. The par-
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
lor has secured Elks' Hall in the cap
ital city for four days, .and expects
during that time to excel in decoration
and entertaining. The committee in
charge Is: E. Levy, John Porcher, T.
K. McCarthy, D. B. Bowley, T. H.
O'Rourke, N. W. Hall. D. W. Jrvin,
W. N Brunt, J. P. Pendergast. F. H.
Mills. T. J. McGowan. W. W. Fairchild,
L. Sehmitt. F. H. Yunker, A. C. Peter
sen, H. Bilay, E. Schwarzman, W. T.
Callunden, W. V# Koch and A S. Groth.
Russian Hill Parlor No. 229 was in
stituted last week by Grand President
Charles E. McLaughlin, assisted by
Grand Organizer A. Mocker and a
number of members of local parlors. iv
Loughead Hall, on Polk street. The
officers were installed by Roland M.
Roche, D. D. G. P.. assisted by Joseph
Rose of Marshall Parlor as marshal.
D. J. Bcban was installed as president,
George Westerfeld as recording secre
tary and J. Altemus as financial sec
retary.
The recent joint initiation of candi
dates at Sutler Creek for parlors of
Amador County was attended by 142
members of the order, including Grand
President McLaughlin and Past Grand
President Rust. Twelve strangers were
admitted into the order, and after the
ceremony there was an adjournment to
the Sutter Hotel, where an excellent
banquet, prepared by the King's
Daughters, was partaken of by the Na
tiveE. The supper was followed by
speeches, music and songs.
The grand president visited the par
lor in Plymouth and was accompanied
by C. E. Jarvis of Sutter Creek. Two
strangers were initiated on that occa
sion.
H. Dam of Pacific Parlor recently re
turned from a visit East, and a few
evenings since he visited the parlor,
where he gave a most interesting ac
count of what he saw while on the oth
er side of the Rockies, and told all. as
he expressed it, "we" saw and what
"our" experience was. He stated that
after announcing himself he noticed
that the people in the Eastern and
Southern States where he visited dis
played the greatest concern for .a Na
tive Son of California and showed the
highest respect for such natives. Mr.
Dam said that although he was en
chanted with what he saw and that he
came to the conclusion that Philadel
phia is a fine city, there is no place
that is so majestic in his opinion as
San Francisco. The same evening, the
parlor was interestingly entertained by
C. R. Temby of Quartz Parlor, Grass
Valley.
The following have been elected of
ficers of California Parlor, N. S. G. W.,
for the ensuing term: J. J. Neubarth,
president; Mannie Friedman, first vice
president; I. Unger, second vice pres
ident; Frank Tuchler, third vice pres
ident; Ellis Blackman, marshal;
James P. Healey, inside sentinel; A.
Hollenbach, outside sentinel; Ben F.
financial secretary; Charles
A. Boldemann, recording secretary;
A. Joujou, organist; John Mitchell,
collector.
Pebble Beach No. 230, N. S. G. W.,
which was recently instituted at Pes
cadero with thirty-one charter . mem
bers, was brought into fraternal ex
istence by Grand Organizer Andrew
Mocker, assisted by J. H. Nash of San
Mateo Parlor, Charles H. Turner,
grand secretary, and C. P. Mosconi, G.
Debendetti, F. P. Dutra, W. Jessin,
Edward S. Gonzales, Ed S. Beebe, F.
Campbell and A. Freitas. The presi
dent of the new parlor is J. A. Plec
arpo. and the recording secretary A.
W. Woodhams. The officers were in
stalled by District Deputy Grand
President J. H. Nash. V>
The following have been" elected of
ficers of Stanford Parlor No. 76: C. T.
Granz, past president: T. I. Fitzpatrick,
president; W. M. Maguire and Henry
A. Cahalan, vice presidents; Fred H.
Jung, recording secretary; Joseph G.
Fox, financial secretary; Charles A.
Svveigert, marshal; P. J. Woniger, Jo
seph Greenbergand "Robert W. Dennis,
trustees; Drs. L. D. Bacigalupi, E. R.
Bryant, E. Bunnell, Charles Clark, "W.
Dodge,- A. H. Giannini. H. B. A. Kuge
ler, B. McElroy, A. McLaughlin, W. F.
McNutt Jr. and John M. Williamson,
surgeons.
Pacific Parlor celebrated its twenty
third anniversary by a grand ball in
Native Sons' Hall December 7. The hall
was artistically decorated, the attend
ance was large, the participants all in
full evening: dress and the music all
that was desirable. T. P. Martin was
the. floor manager, and he was assisted
by -Edward J. Lynch. This parlor has
elected the following named as its of
ficers for the ensuing term: W. F. Dehl,
past president; J. C. Allen, president;
G. W. Lillie, F. I. Gonzales and Henry
Dahl. vice-presidents; J. C. MlHer and
G. G..Fraser, secretaries; A. Latham,
treasurer; C. A. Marshall, marshal; E.
Dahl and M. J. Melvin, sentinels; P. B.
Kyne and D. J. Sheehan, trustees,' and
C. L. Quast, organist.,
Woodmen of the World.
At the last held meeting of" Redwood
Camp Woodmen of the World; nine
strangers were given the protection de
gree, being the last. of forty-nine can
didates secured slrice> the beginning of
the fraternal campaign.
The social given by Mission Camp
in its hall in the Odd Fellows' build
ins - last week was a - success and ad
mirably carried out under the direc
tion of the camp's drill team.
The Woodmen of the World's Joint
Entertainment Club will give its first
entertainment and dance -during the
month "of January. Laurence .Vincent
is the chairman of the club, Charles A>
Brown, secretary; C. F. Davis,* J. Mc-
Cann and David Oliver Jr.,- directors."
' The entertainment that was given
last week by Haven Camp was attend
ed by ' about three choppers. * - It was a
stag party with a smoker programme,
including a number of boxing contests
and the. serving of frankfurters., sand
wiches and refreshments.- General Or
ganizer W. C. Krunr delivered;: one of
his forcible addresses to "the boys."
Golden Gate Cfxcle of the Women of
Woodcraft has elected the following
officers for the ensuing term: Theresa
CassInefll,"_P. G. : N.'; Agnes King, G.
N.:" > SUizabethHensen, A.:' Lottie Moel
ler.M.; Susan Clark, A.; Rose Cassln-
THE SAN; FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, 'DECEMBER 18;rl90^
elli. C. of G.; -Sadie Harhmerton, I. S:;
Mae Coleman (nee Rice), O. S.; Mary
Mackel, manager; Lizzie Kameria, C. ; :
Lillie Meredith, B. These officers, to
gether with those of Tamalpals Camp
will be installed, in" public "in the As
sembly Hall .'of the Pioneer building.
There will be an installation drill un
der the auspices. of Captain Allie Per
rin of Gplden Gate Circle.
Redwood Circle had a whist party
in its hall last week after whjch there
dancing.f or. two. hours. .This circle
will have a Christmas tree party De-
cember 20 for members/and their chil
dren. ' : -■■/
Reports from the Department of Ore
gon show that the order of Woodmen
of the World is doing well there under
the direction of General' Organizer
Frank B. Tichenor.
Sentinels of the Universe.'
A new council of the Sentinels 'of. the
Universe has been instituted and It has
been named: Fidelity. It is cqmposed
of a number, of ladies- and> gentlemen
who are well versed iir* fraternal s af
fairs and are rated as first class fra
ternalists. The officers chosen for . the
first term are: F. M. Cramer, past chief
sentinel; Mrs. L". E. M6ore, chief sen
tinel; Charles D. Edwards, vice senti
nel; Frank J: Moore,' secretary; Charles
O. Risdon, treasurer; Mrs. E.. S.-Tur
ner, conductor; W. A. Engels, guard;
Ida M. Kruger, Dr.- J. D. Harris and
Dr. C. W. Kahl, trustees. This council
proposes in the near future . to enter
the social field and give an entertain
ment to its members and their friends.
Order of Pendo. t
The councils of the- Order of Pendo
at Tacoma and other places in the State
of Washington are being visited by Su
preme Councilor A. P; Tugwell, who be
lieves that the oftener subordinates are
visited by a supreme officer the mor v e
active they become.
Supreme Secretary Torry paid an of
ficial visit to the councils in East Oak
land and the one in Havwards last
week, and addressed each for. the good
of the order. •
G. A. Howard, D. S. C, is making a
tour of the councils In the San Joaquin
Valley with a series of stereopticon
views that^ in pictures tell' of the work*
of the order.
The council at Richmond, Contra
Costa County, recently gave an enter
tainment, when in addition to views
shown there was an address by the su
preme councilor and one by Deputy
Howard. This council has a drill team
which renders the work in a letter per
fect manner. This council' has ar
ranged for a basket social on Decem
ber 19. . \ ~ /
A new council of . the order has been
instituted at San Mateo. The institut
ing officer was H. F. Trump, assisted
by prominent members of the order. :,
New councils are being organized at
various points in , Washington and . in
Texas. '
Eastern -Star.
During the past week several of the
chapters of the Order of the Eastern
Star had installation of officers.
The officers of Olive Branch Chapter
were installed in public in Steinway
Hall by the retiring matron, Theresa
Fredericks, assisted by Past Matron
Lizzie Atwood as marshal and Dr.' W.
,A. Atwood, past patron, as chaplain. In
the conducting of the ceremony the in*
stalling officer, displayed the ; same 'con
scientious attention she did to the ad
ministration of the affairs of the chap
ter during her very, successful and har
monious term. The marshal, attired in
•a magnificent- brocaded white: silk and
carrying a s baton ornament with pale
blue ribbon, .discharged the duties of
"her office with a great deal f of dignity
and during the seating of the points; of
the central star presented the\ initials
of the chapter in living letters^ a fea
ture.that is an innovation in the instal
lation 'work of this 'order. .The officers
who are . to serve for this term 'are: ~"
Minnie 8. Reed, worthy matron; Fred
C. Pattlson, worthy patron: Meta' Wol
ters, associate matron; Sadie *J. Hatha
way, secretary; Martha •; Rosenberg,
treasurer; Ethel > M. ; _- Schantz, v conduct
tress; Mrs.V J." R. Goldsmith, ; associate
conductress.* , - •,"' ■ -'
Appointed officers: Grace Lafferty.
LEADERS IN THE ADVANCEMENT'
>OF THE/INTERESTS .'OF-JFRA-
Adah ; * Rofee • Lewald, 2 Ruth ; . Rose ; M.
Pisl^olesi;.- Esther r Helen Strauss, Mar-,
tha; Tressie AVabell' Hopkins; "Electa;
Otelia Hendrlcksen, warder; Mary
Lewis, -sentinel; Samuel- Lewald, chap
lain; Theresa Fredericks, marshal. .
Themusic incidental to the ceremony
included the following numbers: March,
Miss Mabel Porter;; soprano solo, Mrs.
M. Pistolesi;. tenor-* soloj R. H] Hunt;
soprano solo, Miss "Ward; selection,
quartet; baes solo, R. E. Keene; selec
tion,,. quartet; barytone solo, He'nry
Mauser; tenor solo, A. E. McMillan;
soiectiony quartet; barytone solo, G.
R. King; selection/quartet; selection,
quartet; Oriental Quartet, A.: E. Mc-
Millan, -flrsUtenor; R. H.-.Hunt, second
tenor; George R King, first bass; R. E.
Keene, second bass. After the proc
lamation there v« as presented a'hand
some jewel of the rank of past matron
to the retiring matron and at the same
time many words of praise were spoken
to show the appreciation of her serv
ices. On behalf of the. chapter Mrs. At
wood presented the retiring patron, Roy
Block, a valuable lewel'of his rank, her
presentation speech being one that was
most favorably commented on. Then
there was the presentation of a hand
some painting of Ruth to Mrs. Ward
and a souvenir to Henry Mauser for
having during the year rendered musi
cal selections during the Initiatory
work. The retiring patron presented a
souvenir spoon to each of the points of
the star and then the retiring matron
aftd patron presented to Mrs. Atwood,
the marshal, a beautiful vase in ap
preciation of her services, to the chapter
during the past year. Many flowers
were given to the retiring'and new of
ficers. N . .
The officers of, King Solomon Chap
ter were: installed in Upper Golden
Gate | Hall in the presence of a very
large number of . people by Retiring
Matron Jane Da wson, assisted by Lu
cille Wrenn as marshal. The officers
who are to. guide the chapter, during
the current term are: Ida B. Spence,
worthy matron; Edward J. Clark,
worthy patron; Jennie Cavanaugh, as
sociate matron; Martha E. Blade, sec
retary; Lydia A: Sanders, treasurer;
Josephine M. Cleve, conductress;
Metta Wolpman, associate conduc
tress; Dr. Emma Lafontalne, chaplain;
Ja ne Dawaon, marshal ; Lucille Wrenn,
warder; Mary H.: Lewis, sentinel; Mrs.
C J. Blaisdell, organist ; Emma Cong
don, Ada;- Ruth Botcher, 'Ruth; Ver
onica Miller. Esther;- Hattie Krieger,
Martha; ; Anna B. True, Electar The
music of the evening was ;< by the
Knickerbocker Quartet and was as fol
lows: "Lord's" Prayer," quartet; ''Oh,
Rest in the ■ Lord/: i Dr. R. '- W. Smith ;
"Bolero," quartet; - "Eternal Rest,": C.
Dawson; "Give 'Us Light,'* quartet;
"Judge'; Me, O God," -L. H. Larsen;
"Thou of Light," quartet;- !'O Heaven
ly Father," quartet; ''Rosebud 'Fair,"
quartet; "God Bless-" Our- Star," - quar
tet ; .- "Annie ; Laurie, 1 .' 'quartet ; "Amer
ica," % by = the '> audience. 1 - On . ". retiring
from the chair of phatrd^j^ Mrs.' Dawsbn
v.as presented a magnificent diamond
set'Jewel by, the ■. chapter and the retir
ing ! patron, A;, J. Sparrow/ was ; pre
sented .'a'beautiful- fob, with gold seal
attached.; The^retiririgmatrbnpaid a
high compliment . to the officers, who
Rpsisted vher during her/term and -after
congratulations (there > was in adiourn-
ment to the lower hall, where, there
was dancing for two hours..
The officers of Beulah Chapter were
installed in 'private in the South San
Francisco Masonic building by ; Mrs.
Mary E. Donoho, the retiring matron,
who was ably assisted by Anna Smale.
P. M., . as marshal, and A. Fltschen, P.
P., as chaplain. -The ceremony was
without fault and 'was highly compli
mented by Grand Matron Pauline
Dohrman, who < was-present. Among
prominent visitors were W. S. Moses,
the founder of the order in this State;
Past. Grand Matron Mrs. S. Mann and
Grand Secretary Mrs. Willats. The
new officers are: Genevra Williams,
matron: John Felt, patron; Emma.
Wedemeyer, associate matron; Mary
J. Todd, treasurer; Emma Rahlman,
secretary; Olivia \ Danielson, conduc
tress; Catherine Rlley, associate con
ductress; Albert Danielson, chaplain;
Mary E. Donoho, marshal; Ida Helen
Fitschen, organist; Kunlgunda Krug.
Adah; Mildred Beattie, Ruth; Emma
Anstach, Esther; Hulda Schwarz,
Martha; Virginia ; Schultze, Elect*;
Nellie warder; John Williams,
sentinel.". The installation was followed
by the presentation on behalf of the
chapter of a handsome jewel • to the
retiring matron "and 'one to ! retiring
Patron Danielson, who in turn present
ed the retiring matron with a crystal
bowl , in appreciation of her services.
Souvenirs :.weire presented to the out
- going. points of the star and flowers to
Nellie /Augysta' Darling -and Mrs. L.
RadTte for services as vocalists for the
'chapter arid'i the retiring matron then
p/esented a token \ of* remembrance to
• Margaret -Williams 'j for services ' ren
dered the chapter Jduring the past.'year.
. Mrsi Darling C was > also presented . with
an alligator grip and the retiring ma
tron presented her a pretty rose bowl.
Then followed* a turkey supper and
■ speeches-by many prominent members
of the" order. _ .-. . >../.\.
The closing installation of the order
in this city was by Ivy Chapter in
Golden Gate Hall, and it was one of the
prettiest of tha season: The hall was
crowded by a fashionable audience,
the | officers installed, that j is the
ladies, were all most elegantly gowned
and; the decorations . were /magnificent.
iThe installing officer was Mary Louise
Reddiek, retiring matron, and the mar
shal was Grand Marshal Jennie-Ab
bott Graves. The new officers are:
Marie W. Hendry,, Worthy matron;
Samuel C. JWallis, wbrthy patron;. Car
rie. H: Gordon, associate matron; Eva
D. Salsbury, secretary; Lottie E. Lu
cas, treasurer; Georgie C. Versalovich,
conductress; BeHha A. Briggs, asso
ciate conductress; Dr. Thomas Fletch
er, ' chaplain; Charlotte Tisdale, mar
shal; Annie M. Chamberlain, warder;
Margaret Larsen, /sentinel; Johanna
Helm, Adah; Eroilie Strouse, Ruth;
Charlotte Miller, Esther; Mildred
Coulter, Martha;, Mary Johnson,
Erccta..' The music was by the Califor
nia Commandery. choir — D. .M. Law
rence, first tenor; R, W. Smith, second
tenu**; A. A. Batkin. first bass; L. A.
Larsen, second, bass; A. 1 A. Batkin, or
ganist and director, and Included the
following numbers: "Hail, Hall," choir;
•'Lord's Prayer," -organ; tenor solo,
"Call Me Back," D. M. Lawrence;
'Hear. Us. ; O Father," choir; "The Pil
grims,", choir; bass solo, "King of the
Winds,"- iL A. Larsen; "Supreme Je
hovah"; tenor solo, '.."Singing in God's
Acre."-R. VV. Smith; chant, "The Lord
Is My Shepherd"; "Master Supreme,"
choir;* "Lean choir; "God
Bless > Our Eastern Star," choir;
"Gloria," choir. .
There was the presentation, of a. beau
tiful jewel to Mrs. Reddick, a past pa
tron's button to J.E. Gordon, the retir
ing patron, pen trays ornamented with
pretty paintings "to the points of the
star by ■: the • retiring patron and then
the -retiring matron presented to the
points,;. the conductress and the asso
ciate conductress of the past term and
the warder and sentinel a souvenir in
the shape : of i some : : of . her handiwork
with >the needle. After the presenta
tions "there were addresses by Grand
Matron "Mrs. - Dohrman, ; Past IGrand
Matron Mrs. Mann, Past Grand Ma
tronX Mrs. Giberson, ; : Grand Marshal
Mrs. Graves and Nellie Augusta Dar
ling.* past grand organist. ;
The officers of Harmony Chapter, •, O.
E. :S., were installed by Mrs. Virginia
LeeiLewis.j the -^retiring matron/ and
after theinstallation there was the pre
sentation of a handsome jewel to Mrs.
Lewis and an elegant parlor- lamp -to
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan, • the retiring
patron, who in .turn presented ; to. Mrs.
: Lewis as ,-■ a ; personal : ■ token of appre
ciation of her services to ; the - chapter
during her term '■■ a fine crystal f berry
;bowl. The music during theV'evenlng
,wa.s:by;Mrs. Decker-Cox, M..Venco,' A.
Caire and 'Mine; Tellula Evans-Burrill,
prima * donna soprano, the last named
being the leader. 'The most prominent
numbers were : - "The Recessional" ; (De
Koven); 1 "The Star,".' "from
: "Tahnhauser? - :; (Wagner) ; ■ VElsa's
Dream,*' from "Lohengrin" (Wagner) ;
tenor solo from "Elijah" (Mendels
sohn), anthem (Dudley Buck), quartet
from "Faust". (Gounod) .and "Good
night," from "Martha" (Flotow).
JhcRebekahs.
Dr. Blanche Sanborn, a prominent
member of the Rebekahs, on the even
ing of December 11, celebrated the
third anniversary of her wedding to
Arthur B. Sanborn, which is the leather
wedding, at their residence, 1786 Sut
ter street. There were present more
than thirty of the intimate friends of
the celebrants and each presented a
pretty souvenir in -leather. During the
evening, after congratulations, there
was an evening of music, songs, acting
charades and. small talk, after which
the hostess and host served a choice
collation. The invitations to this" de
lightful affair were on buckskin, in
imitation of post cards and the word
ing was in pyrographlc work. .
Oriental Rebekah Lodge will have a
Christmas party in. the Odd Fellows*
building December 21.
The Folly party given by Oriental
Rebekah Lodge on December 7 in the
Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows'
building. was a very pleasant affair that
Avas successfully carried out under the
supervision of an active committee of
which Louett Dietz, the noble grand,
was the chalrlady. There were many
present who were attired in attractive
costumes and as there were prizes for
those who did the best, Mrs: Wallace
of Redding, Mrs. Cyrus of Loyal Lodge
and M. Dooley of Amity Lodge wer,e
selected as judges. Their judgment
was that Nellie Stickey was entitled to
the first prize for being the best
dressed and Irma Roper to the second^
while Blanche Oilman was awarded a
prize for the best sustained character.
Henry Mitchell, who acted the clown,
to perfection, was also awarded a
prize.
The fancy dress party given by Jubi
lee Lodge was an enjoyable affair that
was attended by many of the members
and friends. The affair was admirably
managed by the committee composed
of Gabrielle Gress, Carrie Pesanti, Tes
sle Richardson, Pearl Contara. Gertie
Perry and Messrs. Moss, Wolff, Ed
wards and Warren.
The National Union.
Golden Gate Council of the National
Union at its last held meeting in No
vember had an attendance of 108 mem
bers and 10 visitors. After the routine
work of the' evening there was a draw-
Ing for twenty-three turkeys for'mem
bers and then two for the visitors. Th«
fortunate among the last named were
General Deputy Joseph A. Wilson and
Ed Dillon Jr., secretary of the San
Francisco Cabinet. Each of those who
carried away a turkey pledged himself
to secure one man for initiation in the
council by the second meeting in Jan
uary. ,
Union Council at its last held meet
ing initiated one stranger. Mission
Council also initiated one and received
two applications. Tosemlte Council
opened, rushed through its business
and then closed, after which the mem
bers enjoyed a game of progressive
whist for prizes.
The general deputy will not give any
more prizes to any council that does
not produce candidates. His motto
is "get that man."
At a largely attended meeting of El
Capitan Council, National Union, on
the first Thursday In December, several
applications for membership were read
and one stranger was initiated, after
which the following were elected as of
ficers for the ensuing term: President,
M. J. MbCabe; vice president, Leo de
Cardona: recording secretary, E. B.
McManus (re-elected); financial secre
tary, A. G. Page (re-elected) ; treasurer,
Harry Nordman (re-elected); speaker,
S." D. Barlow; chaplain. Dr. M. H. At
kins; usher, John McCann; sergeant,
George Walcom; door keeper, Joseph
Copfer (re-elected); organist, Fred
Purdy (re-elected); trustees, Major
George W. Tost, Colonel William C.
Clark and George Wale; delegates to
the cabinet. Joseph A. Wilson, Laur
ence Vincent, E. B. McManus and S.
D. 'Barlow.
The election was followed by a pleas
ant time under the head of social enter
tainment. This council has during ,the
past .year . made the largest gain in
membership of any council in the juris
diction. % ■ -
At the meeting of the San Francisco
Cabinet in November there was exhib
ited a set of handsomely engrossed res
olutions got up by the councils of the
State of New York for Senator John W.
Cuthbert of this State. In appreciation
of hia efforts in the Senate of the order
to secure a reserve fund. This will be
photographed and sent to e^ry council
in this State. A reduced, .fac simile
will be sent to each member of the or
der in California.
The, officers of California Council of
the National Union will be_publicly In
stalled, in Native Sons' Hall, on the
night of January 3. A ball will follow
the installation. This will be the first
time that the 'officers of that organiza
tion have been installed in public.
Ths members of a committee of Gold
en. Gate 'Council met in the office of
General Deputy Joseph A. Wilson last
week for the purpose or making ar
rangements for the carrying out of a
plan having for its purpose the increase
of the membership of that council to
400 by the first of next February. The
twenty-three members of the council
and the two visitors who won turkeys
on Thanksgiving eve; having promised
to produce a candidate each, the coun
cil has fixed January 10 f or^the Initia
tion of these prospective candidates.
-During the lastAveek El Dorado, Cal
ifornia, Mission, Pacific and Union
councils had work in the initiatory de
gree. The indications are that all the
councils of the order will have active
woTkerg during the early part of the
new year.
California Council has elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing term:
,H. Burns, president: W. Broderick. vice
president; E. C. Ker, speaker (re-elect
ed third term): C. H. Van Onien. sec
retary (re-elected); J. B. Stovall, finan
cial secretary (re-elected); F. Schu
macher, treasurer (re-elected); J. R.
McGufflck, usher (re-elected thirteenth
term); "W. R. Dreisbach, sergeant-at
arms; M. # Ludwig. doorkeeper; Friends
Geiger, Hubbell and Doane. trustees;
Friends Kingford, Ker, Schlelper. Brod
erick. i Gilbert. Albertl and Nicholson,
delegates to the Cabinet.
Lincoln Annuity Union.
San Francisco Assembly No. 1 of tha
Lincoln Annuity Union will give an
other of its popular first class enter
tainments and daneie in its hall in the
Odd Fellows' building on the evening
of December 21.
Lincoln Assembly No. 3 of Oakland
received several applications at Its last
meeting and initiated one stranger
previously elected.
Roseberg Assembly No. 4 has. writes
Vice President MaJlory, been having a
boom and it is expected that it will
have one hundred members before the
close of the year.
Royal Assembly No. 8 of Ashland,
Oregon, increased its membership by
17 during November.
Sunset Assembly No. 8 of Aberdeen,
Wash., reports to the head office that
there has been a steady increase la
membership since institution.
Stanford Assembly No. 10 of San
Jose initiated three strangers at its
first meeting in December.
Puget Sound Assembly No. 11 of
Tacoma. Wash., Is progressing under
the management of Senator M. D.
Wolf.
The head office has* received a flat
tering report from Alpha Assembly
No. 14, of Watsonville. A similar re
port has been received from Hoquiam
Assembly No. 16 of Washington.
Laurel Assembly No. 19 of Phoenix,
Or., initiated a large class of strangers
at Its meeting in the middle of Decem
ber. .•,:#:•:
At Its first meeting In December
Roosevelt Assembly No. 20 of Los An
geles admitted a class of fifteen strang
ers by initiation.
The officers of the senate of the or
der are gratified at the success at
tained during the first year.
Native Daughters.
The proceedings of the last ses
sion of the Grand Parlor of the Nativ?
Daughters of the Golden West are
ready . for distribution. The vol
ume contains "two pages more
that the one of the previous year and
Is a very carefully compiled h<iqk con
taining a clear, resume of the work of
the grand body. In the issuing of this
book the grand secretary has given
careful attention to have it as perfect
as It Is possible to have a work of that
character. There Is much In it. aside
from the actual business of the order,
that will prove of interest to the mem
bership.
La Vespero Parlor, South San Fran
cisco, has been extremely active since
the opening of the winter season. At the
ball recently given by the parlor and
the drill team. Captain Nora Nonne
mann. In the South San Francisco-Ma
sonic Hall, which was tastefully dec
orated, red being the prevailing color,
there was a larse attendance and a
well-arranged programme of dances.
Subsequently the parlor observed the
Thanksgiving day of the order In It3
usual meeting place, which for the oc
casion was decorated with sheaves of
wheat and late summer fruits and
flowers. The programme included the
following numbers: "My Native Land,"
sung by the parlor; "Tharfksglvm:?
Hymn" for California, read by Miss
Emily B. Wissel; selection from an ar
ticle on "Early California." Eliza I>.
Keith, P. G. P., read by Miss Ethel
Hyde; "The Girl I Loved In the Golden
West," sung by Mrs. Catherine Jack
sen; "Praise God," a poem, read by
Mrs. Frances Griffiths, and the reading
of Governor Pardee's Thanksgiving day
proclamation, by Recording Secretary
Mrs. Nell R. Boege. Then refresh
ments were served . and Lucia Neu
barth, the deputy grand president for
the parlor, delivered an Interesting ad
dress on the "Joys and Duty of Giving
Thanks," and closed by congratulat
ing the pioneer parlor of Its district on
its intellectual progression and the
ability of its members.
Ancient Order Foresters.
High Chief Ranger Sanford of the
Ancient Order of Foresters recently of
ficially visited Court Placer at Auburn,
Court Pride of Grass Valley at Grass
Valley, Court Hydraulic at Nevad.v
City and Court Mt. Rose at Reno. .'All
are' reported as doing exceedingly well.
Court Grant of Oakland recently re
ceived ten applications for member
ship. This court held an open meet
ing last week. It x was well attended
and a well arranged programme en
tertained the membera and guests.
Court University of Berkeley gave a
high class smoker recently.. It was well
attended and among the visitors was a
delegation of the members of Court
Apollo. During the •▼ening the Juven
ile Band played a number" of popular
airs.
Court El Monte of San Francisco re
cently initiated two strangers and re
ceived two applications for member
ship.
Court Pride of San Mateo has ar
ranged for a pleasant evening to see
the old year out and the new one in.
Loyal Circle had a very enjoyable
Christmas party on the night of De
cember 16 in the A. O. F. building.
Court Prosperity will have a like party
onvthe evening of December 20.
The leap year party recently given by
Lincoln Circle, C. of F., was a decided
success and the credit for the pleasant
evening's entertainment was due to tha
efforts of a committee of which Blanch..
Scott was the chairlady. *rWITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
"You talk too much when you Elngr,"
Arthur Farwell amusingly recounts
cf an Indian criticism of the con
ventional vocal art. The Indian further
explained that, with his people, sons
was only used to express that for
which words were inadequate. One
feels a little that way in talking about
Paderewski. It would be sa much
easier to play him, say in a Chopin
scnata. And it would be Chopin. It
would b« Chopin, not in his feminized
mood, not In the oversweetness. the
gentle morbidity of the schoolgirl
Chopin, but the epic Chopin singing
the passion and the sadness of a poet
people in proud and Incomparable
poetry. But as there is only a v^
and not a piano at command, here's
at it!
The parrot helped things beautifully.
As is the fashion for artistic royalty
for the moment. Paderewski was
housed at the St. Francis. It is to be
confessM that jt was wifTu no <l %Ul
;r«ve that I went into «r- sunny, s?rr-»n
velveted and mahoganied room that
held him. His handshake- appassicn
ata con rraztoso— *et me well on the
v*cy tr« content. Then, as I murmured
my pleasure in the privilege, etc., I
heard this in flt shrill, jovial voice:
"The dear girl! So nice of you; It is
not possible!"
If you can Imagine Paderewski look
ing roguish — and you must imagine
him much that he was not six years
aro — imagine it now. He drew aside
the easy chair that he had just taken
to show me a large cage behind It con
taining an appallingly wise-looking old
parrot In pink and gray. Polly was
evidently used to company. She perked
up her head jauntily and asked most
touchingly about rr.y health, her mas
ter laushing: boyishly the while.
In revenge I said: "Ah, I know why
you have the parrot— to teach you
English!"
And in his delicate, careful, rather
hesitant English Paderewski replied:
"Ah, now I shall be afraid to talk to
you!"
We sat down then, Paderewski with,
his red-gold halo burning against. the
creen of the chair and reflected as a
smoky scarlet in the Steinway grand at
Lis elbow. Not the Paderewski of six
rears ago, I thought, the Paderewski
.if the exotic pallor, of the orchid and
moonlight suggestion, melancholy —
haunted and alooL Here, under the
fun god halo, was a face as sunny.
cf that delicate, tawny, benign pink
at once the delight and despair of
artists. The eyes, blue as a bit of
!a;nt lazuli — when they were nojt black
from the widened pupils — were bright
es a child's. And I took time to note
the extraordinary strength under the
beauty of the face, the balanced brow,
fhm chin and large, finely molded
i:-.!-c. The tiny imperial i^ives an al
most comir-ai note of worldllness to a
face otherwise eheerly poetic; an-1
there is a mustache to repeat the
honey-ro^oreO locks above. The con
ventional pootis effect was heightened
by the low collar ended by a soft white
Fatin tie, the suit— if you care to
know — of blue serge, setting hand
somely on the tall, well-built figure.
But the dominant effect was of health,
radiant health, and of a vital, essential
happiness— in spite of the fact that one
interviewer had just left, I was there
and there were more to follow!
Perhaps the soft feminine laughter
that murmured in from the next room
connoted one constituent of the Pad
erewski content, for he smiled very
fcappily as he explained that Mrs. Pad
erewski is here and that my friend, the
parrot, was hers, and one of a numer
ous collection of chatter birds they
have brought with them from Aus
tralia. And then we began on "Manru,"
though it was Russia, her literature,
her people, her arts and ethics gen
erally, on which the talk chiefly felL
"I like it very much," Paderewski
said quaintly — this of "Manru," his sin
gle opera, "but there are better
operas."
"Of your*?"
"No," he laughed, then volunteered:
"Now I am busy with a symphony —
e.nd it is growing so long, so long."
"That is the modern tendency."
"Yes, and I don't blame the com
posers," said this one. "There is so
much, so much to say. But you cannot
get your public to listen.,, In a dra
matic work, of course, you have your
Intervals of rest. But in a symphony
one has not even time to talk! Think
cf the Mahler symphony, for example."
"Gustav Mahler, autocrat of the
Viennese opera?" I asked. .
"Yes. He has a symphony two hours
in length," Paderewski said, lifting a
deprecating hand, "though it is an in
teresting- work."
That brought up the Tschaikowsky
"Pathetique" symphony, with the fol
lowing from the Polish composer; gen-
LORENZO P. LATIMER AND HIS PUPILS GIVE A CLEVER EXHIBIT
A BUSY lot must have been the
artists through the yellow
days of fall, with Its gray
mornings, moist with dew,
blending mystically into the
long, warm noontide, stretching on to
the red and yellow afternoons, and
sinking into an opalescent twilight.
Thess are the days that held the poets
of the brush in thrall, and lo! these
many pictures of the glad out-of-doors.
On Wednesday and Thursday after
noons and evenings, L. p. Latimer.
deep lover of the "silent places." gave
an exhibition of his pictures at the
Palace, likewise those of his pupils.
Now. amateur work of any type is not
especially heart-warming; but that
which emanates from the heart, be it a
picture, or a poem, or a strain of music,
has worth. It* possesses the worth
of sincerity, and sincerity is the basis
of all that Is best in life's endeavors.
tie and courteous In praise and censure
alike.
"Ah. but that is beautiful! Gorgeous
the first movement! But the waltz
always. Tschaikowsky spoils every
masterpiece with his waltz move
ments I"
Now, I have something of a weakness
fcr that same 5-4 lilting, drawling
movement and so said.
"Ah," Paderewski laughed; then with
the drollest expression he threw one
hand in the air, reached for the floor
with the other and said: "Ballet! I
see this, one leg in the air, all through.
No, it is the weakest/point, and very
unworthy of the rest of the work. It
is the same with the piano concerto, in
the operas, all through, waltz, waltz.
I listen to the 'Pathetique.* but that
movement I could not bear to hear."
How did Slavic color come "up then?
It led to Paderewski deprecating what
is known as the Slavic note being so
regarded or as desirable to be so per
sistently struck. He asked: "How
would it be if in your national school
of music — "
"Thank you!" I murmured.
"I am supposing one," he jested, and
then went on, "but if the Dvorak 'New
World* symphony, for example, wer«
to be taken as a r>attem for all Amer
ican music, as it Is undoubtedly par
tially characteristic? The desperate,
sad songs of Russia, on which so much
of the Slav music is based, voice only a
part of the national consciousness. And
why not express the racial character
istics In absolute music?"
"You cet that dominant somberness
in the literature, too." I contended, "In
Tolstoi, Gorky, Turgeniev — " ■
"Less in Turgeniev than in the oth
ers," Paderewski reminded me.
"And he is the greatest of these,** I
ventured.
"He is immense," Paderewski said, a
delightful reverence in tone and look.
"He has the Latin culture superim
posed uoon the Russian. Ah! he is
national and beautiful. The others are
national and try to be as ugly as pos
sible! Whom is one asked to meet in
their pages? Mostly drunkards and im
moral women. There are other people.
There Is the sunshine as well as the
shadow. But think, now, of the three
most notable of the later Russian nov
els — Dostoievsky's 'Crime and Punish
ment,* the 'Resurrection' of Tolstoi, the
Gorky 'Forma Gordyeef.' Look at their
heroes — all alike. True, there are differ
ences of social standing, outside differ
ences—but they have the same souls.
And what souls! And the women I It
Is a choice, perhaps, they think between
the interesting woman and the repre
sentative woman. These creatures sure
ly are not representative. No, I think it
an artistic mistake. The authors lack
esthetic measure— and good taste."
I put iu a plea here for the art pur
poseful, for the argument's sake,
with a comment upon the. cruel socio
logical conditions upon which the nov
els are founded. I had forgotten then
that the Pole was a Russian subject.
He reminded me of the fact. Two of
his henchmen, who had been sitting in
silent worship for the most part, also
gently reminded me of the fact. It
means things to be a Russian subject!
From the artistic side, however, the
pianist was perfectly ready to discuss
the Russian. He resumed his criticism
of the novels aforesaid with: "You do
not see Balzac, Daudet, . Flaubert
or even Anatole France doing that kind
of thing. And think of the three great
ones, Shakespeare, Balzac and Moliere
— the latter for the comic side. Their
work is for all countries, all languages,
all times, and yet is most truly national
and characteristic. No, Russian art is
yet not so great as the country, a coun
try profoundly Interesting, of the great
est contrasts, the greatest riches and
poverty, culture and Ignorance, liberal
ism and the reverst.-*
The French habit then, of the most
literary or ignorant person, of the poli
tician or poet, of classing the French
as the greatest poetry cdme in for
amused reference from the Pole. I ven
tured a suggestion that the language
Itself was not poetic. He thought, it
"rhythmical" but possibly not poetical
ly musical. As to the poet's soul he
said: . .
"What of De Musset. truly a great
soul, and that poor soul, Rousseau — he
was also a great soul."
Berlioz he dubbed a "great inno
vator," chief among the French com
posers, but not great among the great
ones. He told me of Hanslick's bon
mot on Berlioz and David, when the
works of the two were being given
side by side in Vienna at a French
festival. Said Hanslick: "David has
genius without talent; Berlioz talent
without genius."
Richard Strauss Paderewski classes
as a "bigger Berlioz," but by much
the largest figure on to-day's musical
horizon. His "Enoch Arden" melo-
Therefore, let, us love the efforts of the
honest amateur.
Among the exhibiting pupils, many
of whom show distinctive cleverness,
are Ada Sattler, Myrtle . M. Young,
Charlotte F. Williams. O..H. Hansen,
Mrs. L. W. Burris, : J. E. Wison, Mrs.
L A. R. Marston, Miss Pearl Weisbrod,
Elizabeth . Hoen, Marian , Shinn, M. S.
Leffler, F. Mairance Boyere. Minnie E.
Chamberlain, , Mrs. S: E. Dorr, .Xorraa
L. Castle. F. Edith Whitefleld, Eda St.
John Smitten, Mrs.' G. T. West and
Alice V. Meyers.
These are shown with Mr. Latimer's
own pictures, which lead one away
into the deep, recesses of : nature, into
God's own temples.' . Among these, are
shown the following: "Near Guerne
ville," "In the Sierras ' (North Fork
American River)," "Tinkers Knob."
"Foot of Lone Mountain." "The " Last
Glow," "Sunset." -
Maynard Dixon shared luck— and de-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER IS, , 1904.
FAMOUS POLISH PIAXIST, WHO IS AT PRESENT IN SAN FRANCISCO ON A CONCERT TOUR, HAVING COME DIRECT I
FROM AUSTRALIA. AND WHO ENJOYS TALKING ABOUT RUSSIAN ART AND LITERATURE. AS WELL AS OF
MUSIC. TO WHICH HE HAS DEVOTED HIMSELF.
drama— that Max Heinrich gave us
here— the pianist "likes tremendously."
These are of the things he said* But
it is the delicate, genial grace of their
saying, the things that Paderewski is,
that do not translate into words.. Given
a Shelley, yes, but Chopin has done
him better. Hear Paderewski to-mor
row evening and In his Chopin* you
may get a notion of a personality as
rarely poetic, as exquisitely distinctive,
as nobly charming, as you can picture.
I came away realizing that only thus
he was — as the artists says—"paint
able-"
HOLTOAT OFFERINGS
AT THE VARIOUS
' IiOCAIi THEATERS
The Columbia opens its new bill to
night with "The Billionaire," a spec
tacular musical comedy new here and
said to be attractive.
Williams and Walker will continue
in "In Dahomey" for another week at
the Grand Opera-house. In consequence
of the large popularity of their engage
ment. \
Christmas week at the Alcazar will
be given over to the pretty rural drama
"Peaceful Valley," In which John Craig
will essay the Sol Smith Russell role
of Hosea Howe.
Rural drama will also rule at the Cal-
servedly— with his good friend Marti
nez in picture selling. His \ beautiful
"Yellow Cliff b" was loved and bought
by a good Bohemian, as was Martinez's
"Outcast." Truly these Bohemians are
better than they are painted.? The ex
hibit at the club continues to I draw a
large crowd of admirers, intelligent and
otherwise, the Barkhaus*. collection 5 -. of
caricatures holding its own , with the
legitimate exhibit. Newton J.-Tharp,
with a commendable spirit of 'affection
for a genius gone before, arranged this
remarkable collection. This was, in all
truth, a labor Of love.
Mrs. Nellie E. Burrell Scott, she who
knows trout as no Walton ever did and
never would, because - he would hook
them, holds an^ informal- reception on
Wednesday afternoons and. evenings at
her', studio, ; 740 Shrade'rf street. ':' x , Here
all who love the speckled beauties of
1 ha cool mountain streams will enlov a
ifornia, with the ever-popular "Shore
Acres."
• • . •
"Jim Bludso," the popular melo
drama, will doubtless be rewarded with
large houses at the Majestic this week.
"King Dodo" continues to attract
many admirers of its numerous splend
ors to the Tivoli.
• • •
"Two Little Waifs" will be the excit
ing, fare offered at the Central. It Is a
melodrama, of many sensations.
The Orpheum's bill is exceptionally
attractive this week.
The bargain - vaudeville at Fischer's
is an exceptional entertainment at the
price. . "
The Chutes will' have an exceptional
holiday bill in the "Princess Fan Tan."
A highly Interesting project in con
nection with Mme. Rejane is on - the
tapis in New York. Rejane will short
ly, appear, there for a season of Frencri
comedy and Llebler &,Co., under whose
management the famous French woman
will appear, have suggested that she
should establish a French theater in
New York with a dramatic conserva
toire in connection. , Mme. Rejane
seems strongly Inclined toward the
plan" and .writes as follows to Mr.
-BY LAURA, BBIDE; POWERS
view of Mrs. Scott's collection • of fish
pictures. '■'-,■
• * • ■-?'. ■_*
A most interesting exhibition of
paintings, sketch and water colors, at
A. W. Best's studio,' Emma Spreckels
building, > is ' ■aUracting'- the. attention of
those who take an Interest in the grow
ing • art of San Francisco. Mr. Best's
pupils are numerous and many of them
possess ?i talent. . ' Among some ■ ot ; the
very : good thing? to see , are "The ; Last
Load,',' (by V Miss i E.JPhilippa Palmer;
"Inspiration," .by A. Ness;* a '"Street
Scene," by : Miss Emma /Anderson," and
some clever cartoons by Charles Casey.
Best has . some ■ striking works ; on
exhibition.;: Mrs. Best, shows- several
commendable A young.'Japa
nese,^ Arli by name, promises well.' f A
Chinese ;boy, Lang. Yung, also exhibits.'
, Anna Frances Brlggs, who . lias been
summering^ in ; Carrael;by r the-Sea. . has
returned to loin in ' the I hunt : for. a- stu-
George C. Tyler, who Is part of the
Liebler "Co«":
"When you placed before me the pro
ject for a permanent French theater'
in New York, with a dramatic conser
vatoire in conjunction, and suggested
that I become its director,- the idea ap
pealed to me Immensely., The more I
have since turned it over in my mind
the more I am inclined to accepz tha
offer. i
■ "It has been said that- 1 am, a de
clared adversary of conservatoire meth
ods. This is not quite correct. As an
institution I consider the conservatoire
a national boon. But it requires mod
ernizing and modifying. To abolisQ it
entirely would be a grave error.
< . "Speaking generally, students: of .the
Paris .-' Conservatoire axe not overbur
dened with riches; indeed, many of
them" are in very poor circumstances
and have no primary education to
speak of. By following the conserva
toire classes they acquire a fair knowl
edge of the classics and a polish some
what superficial, perhaps, which stands
them : in . good ■• stead of the refinement
which the more fortunate of their col
leagues will reveal. On many occasions
I have engaged artists who have not
been through. the conservatoire classes,
but their ignorance has in some cases
been, simply appalling, with the result
that I It' has been a most ungrateful
task and sometimes an impossible I one
dio.. I To one of fastidious tastes' the
hunt is : famously exciting 1 . "However,
the. joy of possession has overtaken her.
for she will set up her% easel in the hal
lowed old '" home of Robert i Louis ; Ste
venson," 639 Kearny- street, and the erst
while^ domicile ; of rBruce Porter..* Art
suggestion lingers in the air, and im
pregnates the spirit. It is good to dwell
in .the- places, where harmony nested.
And . Robert . Louis Stevenson
dwelt there naught but' harmony, could
abide. -Miss Briggs .was at;home yes
'terday afternoon, and will 'receive next
Tuesday '■ and "Wednesday afternoons,
informally. \
- •'■' . '.'"■-';: * ' * • ' * '.'"'-"'
Robert Altken, the sculptor, is ex
pected back to" his haunts . ere the old
year dies, -and many will be the tales
he will ? have to itell— hot ;the least ; of
which will be his declaration ..that'. his
travels abroad did: not fill his soul with
awe-^hot In the .least. Plucky lad. this
-Bobbv! • • ~ '. .
Symphony! One had. thought not to
mention the word again. But there are
times. This Is one. At yesterday's
Paderewski concert we were to have
had a symphony orchestra. ' Orchestral
numbers were to have been included la
the programme, but chiefly, and before
all, we were promised one at least' of
the greater piano works, only possible
to be given with the orchestral setting
and which we have bo long been de
barred from hearing. An orchestra
under the, direction of Paul Steindorff
was arranged for,' even the concerto to
be given chosen, and we were congrat
ulating ourselves on the oasis to come
in the concerto desert. But it seems
that we had reckoned without our host
—that is, without the powers that be
behind Paderewski. On learning that
the orchestra was only what — with all
respect — must be called a "scratch" or
chestra, that it would probably in that
particular form be playing together for
the first time, the Paderewski manage
ment decided to do without it. Nor can
one blame them. To get fairly credit
ably through a purely orchestral num
ber under the circumstances is not so
great a feat. To set a solo, where in
finite plasticity and readiness are re
quired, is another story. One had
hoped for the happy accident in the
connection, but one cannot blame the
Paderewski people for not taking the
risk. And so It goes. And only last
week Mary Shaw was gossiping of the
Boston symphony concerts, where you
can hear one of the finest orchestras in
the world, week by week, for 23 cents!
Oscar Weil adds the pretty fact that
500 25-cent seats are set aside, -and
that sometimes at midday the students
gather to wait for place when some ex
ceptional programme "Is to be given.
Well, at least we shall have Paderew
ski, and in these exquisite programmes:
Monday evening. December 19^-"Prelude and
Fugue" (Bach-Liszt); "Sonata." D minor, op.
31 (Beethoven); "Impromptu." op. 112 (Schu
bert): "Serenade." "Ert King" (Schubert-
Liszt): "Nocturne," op. 37. G major; "Etude."
No. 9. op. 23; "Mazurka," B flat minor:
"Valse," "Polonaise," A flat <Choi>ln): "Mel
odic," op. 16 (Paderewski); "Rhapeodle"
ILlszt).
Wednesday evening, December 21 — "Sonata."
op. 53 (Beethoven): "Three Songs Without
Words" (Mendelssohn); "Etudes Symphon
iques" (Schumann); "Nocturne," B major, op.
62; "Etudes," Nos. 8, 7 and 8. op. 23; "JU
lurka," B minor, op. 50; "Valse," op. 34
(Chopin); "Barcarolle" (Rubinstein); "Cra
covlenne," op. 14 ' (Paderewakl) ; "RhapsodSe"
(Ltaxt).
• • •
Hother Wlsmer furnishes always an
interesting programme, and his con
cert of last week— too late for notice
here last Sunday — was no exception.
Mr. Wismer*s own numbers were the
Beethoven ' violin concerto, op. 64;
the, Sauret "Farfalla" and, in conjunc-
to fit them with parts.
"1 object most emphatically to the
uniformity of the method of teaching
which still exists in the Paris Con
servatoire. Ask a dozen students to re
cite a 'tirade* from Moliere and they
all will give you an identical reading.
You might be listening to a phono
graph. I term that the anti-natural
system and one which would certainly
never have been tolerated by Talma or
any of the great French actors of the
past.
"It would be wrong to change matters
too radically; for instance, to plunge
headlong into the Antoine school. It is
essential to strike the happy medium
between the old and the new schools;
to keep within certain restrictions, but
to cast off once for all the superan
nuated .traditions so prejudical to a
natural demeanor. Clear enunciation
and broad elocution are to be acquired
at the Paris Conservatoire, and cer
tainly they are not qualities to be pooh
poohed by the coming actor.
"A modern method, however, must be
introduced to temper these qualities',
which too frequently are conducive to
bombast and exaggeration. All my
efforts, if I do remain in New York to
inaugurate a French theater, will be
directed to a presentation of a repertory,
alternately classic and modern. The
same method I would introduce into
the conservatoire, and my pupils would
be trained in each style concurrently."
on exhibition. EHfeSSHSHHBHESI - I
tion with W. H. Thorlcy, the Rich
ard. Strauss sonata for violin and
piano, op. 18. Perhaps the violinist was
at his best in the Sauret movement. It
was given with a charming mixture of
firmness and delicacy. Taste, tender
ness and sincerity were all-in evidence
in the treatment of the Beethoven con
certo, though the rendering lacked
somewhat in coloring and definition.
In the quieter moments of. the Strauss,
the andante cantabile-i-that grows
largely with knowledge— Mr. Wlsmer
showed again an amiable sympathy
and earnestness. That he failed.; to
satisfy wholly In Its dramatic mo
ments Is not surprising. Only an Ysajro
were sufficient to the dramatic intens
ity here required of the player. Mr.
Thorley gave a capable and musiclan
ly account of the piano score.
Mr. Thorley was also heard in a
group of piano solos that included a
"Valse Fantalsie" of his own, a work
of substantial merit, brilliant in char
acter, spirited and original. It was
very warmly received by the audience-
Mr. Thorley's other unrnbers were the
Schumann "Grillen" and the Chopia
largo from op. 58. Mr. Thorley'a is es
sentially the organ touch— of the older,
heavier organs— and for pianlstlc use
is rather hard and dry, but he Is al
ways scholarly and eminently consci
entious. --;
Mrs. M. E. Rlanchard was the singer
of the evening, and was in exception
ally good form. She gave the Brahms
"Immer Leiser Wird Mein Schlura
mer" with charming breadth, and her
favorite "Standchen," by the sama
composer, -with more than her com
mon charm. I thought, too. that la
the pretentious "Le Chevalier Bell*
Etoile" (Augusta Holmes) Mrs.
Blanchard showed the dramatic qual
ity in much larger measure than one
Is accustomed to from the singer, and
the lack of which has before conduced
to a sometime effect of monotony la
her work. Fred Maurer fulfilled the
duties of accompanist of the evening
with his customary grace and sym
pathy, and the audience gave heartily
of its applause.
An exceedingly beautiful voice, a
rare temperament Mr. Fred Maurer
believes to be the gift of little Louvla
Rogers, who will be heard in a debut
recital here on December 22. Mr. Mau
rer, whose sympathetic support the lit
tle singer will have, invites the atten
tion of music lovers to the young girl's
work. Miss Rogers is but 15 years old,
a pupil of Andrew Bogart, and already,
by account, a singer of mature capacity
and extraordinary vocal gifts. Her
programme will include four of the six
love songs of McDowell, an aria from
Beniberg*3 "Joan of Arc" and songs by
Chadwick, Jensen, Massenet and Schu
mann. The singer will also have the
assistance of Hother Wlsmer, who will
play two movements from a Goldmark
suite for violin and the "Prelslled"
from "Die Meistersinger." Maple Hall
will be the scene of the affair.
Since the foregoing writing I have
myself heard Miss Rogers, and most
heartily indorse Mr. Maurer's dictum.
The little singer is indeed extraordi
narily gifted, both In voice and tem
perament. Those present at , Miss
Rogers' debut will probably be gratified
to recall the fact In some few years—
not too. many— for there is every evi
dence of a remarkable singer to come.
1 am asked to announce that three of
the Jearinette M. Thurber scholarships
for singing, piano and violin, now va
cant, will be open for competition -it
the semi-annual entrance examinations
of the National Conservatory of Musio
of America, 123 East Seventeenth
street. New York City. For singing
and -opera, on Friday. January 6, from
2 to 5 p. m.; for piano, organ, violin,
and all orchestral instruments, Satur
day, January 7, from 10 to 12 and 2 to
4 p. m. The scholarships will be given
to students who have no means, but
whose talent promises distinction as
artists. Among those who have held
these scholarships are Lillian Blauveit
(singing). Bertha Vlsanska (piano),
and Julius Casper (violin).. Address
"The Secretary" at the above address
for further information.
3132
Pusgert Is the air with fir and bal
sam. From the loins of the giants of .
the forests ra» garlands to gladden
the hearts of men. And sweet is the
ercsa tl^.t *is*s frcra the wassa.il
bowl, as the glad carolisgs of Yule
tide make music in the air. This is
the blessed tlzae when the privileged
classes peer Into the lives of the b£avy
laitn, and en this glad green earth.
there is nothing more beautiful than
the tight of 11 y Lady Bountiful abroad,
ca her errand of tenderness— all smile3,
all hope, ail health, all happiness — as
the brings nx-nta.1 and spiritual cheer
unto the feonses cf Hie lotrly, ev/en'as
the brings bread and wiae. For know
yc not that hope — a thin gray ray of
hepe let into a damp basement — may
v.-iden its beam unto a warm glow, if
the eyes cf the dweller be wakened -
unto its lure? — and following its magi
cal course, who shall say "what lieth be
yond? This awakening of hope in the
hearts of the heavy-laden is the sweet
privilege of leisure' classes, for none
else holds a surplus.
The pretty picture of milady abroad
in the districts of the poor is not so
frequent a vision as of yore, and all
because of system — that mathematical,
exact thing that has- made slaves of us
all, vith its bold facts and hard.rou
tine governing the beatings of our
hearts, and forcing us to refer our no
blest and most exalted impulses to a
cold, calculating — and therefore just —
board cf chanties. And wherefore, in
deed, lies justice in charities? j 'Tls
writ somewhere In a book that means
much at this Yuletlde eeason, that
charity knoweth no bounds, and that
there is no soul so wicked nor wretch
ed that hath not a claim upon us
that the further lost the souL the.
greater need of charity. . '
And therefore let blessings fall upon
her who plckt her own way through
the cul-de-sacs of the poor, leaving
behind smiles and words of good cheer,
sweet as the "breath of Lebanon," and ■
a faint .trail .of light, Invisible but felt
—a mental glow that lights the souls of
th* heavy-laden-
Then back to the home of wealth and
warmth goes the saint of the cul-de
eac, glad and gay — for joy cometh only
to those who give joy— and o'er the
piping, pungent wassail bowl holds high
court. And rweet is her face en wreathed
in its vaporous greetings. Here's to her!"
• • •
So busy has been milady shopping,
flitting about on. her charity errands,
creating "trees" with electric lights
a-gllmrnerlng about It for babies, big
tod little, she Incidentally gave some
little time to diversion— diversion for
which "bridge" has almost come to be
a synonym. -Methinks in the next edi
tion cf the Century, "bridge" will be
found a eynonym— for that 6eductive
but stiff-backed word, "diversion."
The affairs of note were as fol
lows:
MONDAY
_ ■■■..-■-•--,
■"Charles M. Oelrichs, host at a ban
quet in the green room of the St.
Francis in honor of , Mrs. Eleanor
Martin. Among the guests were Mrs.
Eleanor 1 Martin.'; Mr. and -Mrs. "Ru
dolph •Spreckels, Captain- aijd ; Mrs.
Zj -avitt ; C; Logan. • Mr. and Mrs. • Wal
ter S. Martin, Mr. and Mrs. J. Dow
r.ey Harvey, Mrs. , Reginald Brooke.
5Ir. and Mrs. Grant, Mr. and Mrs.
Hewett, Miss Anita' Harvey, Hermann
Oelrichs and Harry' Eldridge of New
York. ■ . ■ • ;" .-.'.'.'■ ; ' r -
Miss Ceorgie Spieker, at home at
the Palace.
Dr, and Mrs. Russell Cool, enter
taining, a delightful house party at
thelr^ home;at Los Gatos over Sunday
a'od Mjonday, including. Mr v and Mrs.
Marcus Gerstle, MJss Marie ■. -.Wells,
Miss Alice Rooney, , Miss Theresa
Rooney, Selby Hanna, . Mr.' McBride,
Courtenay . Ford and William H.
Emith-
. Miss Maud. Payne, hostess .at, an in
formal luncheon at her home on
Broadway. -
University -of Michigan' annual din
x*r *:** California V^V'
SMART SET GATHERS ROUND
THE WASSAIL BOWL
Mrs. M. 1*. Jones, hostess-to the
Bridge Club, "among whom were Mrs.
Rosenstodt, Mrs. J. K- Nuttall, Mrs.
Timothy Hopkins, Mrs. "Warren Clartty,
Mrs. ■William Prentice . Morgan, - Mrs.
H. P. Gale,; Mrs. Henry-L. Dodge, Mrs.
Carolan, Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs. Wil
liam Thomas, Mrs. Southard Hoff
man. Mrs. Frank B. Anderson, Mrs.
Ira Pierce, Mrs. Charles Josselyn,
Mrs. M.' P. Jones, Miss ; Laura McKin
stry and Mrs. William R. Smedberg.
' . TUESDAY.
Bohemian - Club reception and art
exhibit
Mrs. John LSabin- and Miss Irene,
at home.
■ Mrs. Thomas P.* Woodward and
Miss Ethel Woodward; at home.
'Dr. Harry Tevis, host at dinner In
honor of Miss Leontine- Blakeman,
the charming fiancee of Lieutenant
McMillan. ; -"- -v
Sequoia Club, at home with Mrs.
Linda H. Bryan and Miss Georgie
Spieker the hostesses. ■ -
Mr. and v Mrs. J. Downey Harvey,
entertaining at dinner In' honor 'of
airs. Reginald Brook of. London, the
interesting daughter of Mr. and .Mrs.
Samuel Holladay. • ; • i- :
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Pillsbury. en
tertaining at dinner.
WEDNESDAY.
•Mrs. William G. Irwin. hostess at a
card party at her home, in honor of
her s'ster, ' Mrs. Ivers . of Honolulu.
Among the guests were Mrs. .William
Prentice Morgan, Mrs. George Chaun
sey Mrs: . Freeborn. Mrs.
Henry L. Dodge,' Mrs. Gale. Mrs. Me-.
Kinstry. j Mrs. James Caroian. Mrs. L.
L. Baker, Mrs. George M6dre'. Mrs. '
James Potter Langhorne, Mrs. South
ard Hoffman, Miss Minnie Houirhton.
Mrs. William HInckley Taylor and-MiSs;
Jennie Hooker.
' Mrs. William Rogers, "enter-
. talcing at luncheon -in .honor of Mrs..
Theodore J.'Hay/' The guest-list in
cluded Mrs. Theodore J. Hay. Mrs."
Worthlngton Ames, "Mrs. Earle Brown
ell, Mrs. Sllcox, Mrs. "Edward Pond.
Mrs. Grant*. Selfridge,' Mrs. Spencer
Buckbee and Mrs. Stanley Stlllman. ' :
Dr. and' Mrs. George Herman Pow
ers, entertaining at a "tea." in honor
of Miss Ruth- Powers, whose entree to
society was thus announced. Dinner
followed for the receiving party, aihbng
whom were: Mrs. L. L. Baker. Mrs.
N. P. Rideout, Mrs. Douglas Montgom- 1
ery, Mrs. E.' • W. Newhali. , Miss Anna'
Foster, Miss Mary Foster, Miss Grace
Dollar and Miss Ursula- Stone." . ;
Mrs. Frederick * Kohl;' card party at
her. home - on Pacific avenue, with -the
following guest-list: - Mrs.- Georee R.
Shreve, Mrs. . Carter Pomeroy. Mrs.
Samuel Boardman, . Mrs. Welty. Mrs.
Sherwood, Mrs. William Mlntzer. Mjs.
WUlfam Kohl, Miss Mary KohL Mrs.
Beverly MacMonagle, Mrs. C. W. Godey
of Washington, Mrs. Frederick Mpodv,
Mrs. Josselyn, Mrs.. Edgar .F. Preston,
Mrs.. E. E. Breyfogle, Mrs. Eleanor
Martin,' Mrs. William Tevis. Mrs.
Mountfdrd Wilson, Mrs. Richard Pi
Echwerin, Mrs. Mayo Newhali; Mrsi
Fred McNear, . Mrs. Samuel Knight.
Mrs. George Pope, Mrs. George Xew-«
hall, Mrs.. Joseph D. Grant. Mrs. Hor
ace Pillsbury, Mrs.. Russell Wilson^
Miss Jennie'BIalr. Mrs. Walter S.Mar-f
tin, Mrs. Will ' Taylor, Mrs. Eugene
Murphy, Miss Bailie "Maynard. Miss
Morgan. Mrs.', Timothy Hopkins, Mrsi
J., R. R. Nuttall, Mrs. Hyde-Smith,
Mrs. Robert Hooker," Mrs! Louis Mont-,
eagle, Mrs. H..M. 'A. Miller, Mrs. War-[
ren Clark and Miss Price.' • ~ .
~~ MrsJ 'Arthur M. Sharp;, seven-handed
euchre" party at " her' Vallejo-street"
home. . • .
Mrs. Alexander Keyes, luncheon in
honor of Miss Charlotte Wilson. Among
the guests were Mrs. Danforth Board
man, Miss. Margaret Hyde-Smith, Miss
Ursula Stone, Miss Maud Payne, Miss
Azalea Keyes, Miss Emily Wilson, Miss
Malsee Langhorne- and Miss • Carol;
Moore. •>. <•• --'■ •• ■• . . ■■::--
Miss Edna Hannlgan, Informal "cards" •
in honor of Miss -Azalea Keyes. The
following friends were bidden to meet
the. returned wanderer: - Miss Georgie
Spieker, Miss Amy Gunn, Miss Ruth
Gedney, .Miss Jeannette Deal, Miss
, Murray, Miss Edna. Davis, Miss Sybil
Hodges, Miss" Paula Wolff, Miss Helen
Davis, Mrs. C. ' F. -Andrews, Mrs. Ber
nard Breeden,- Mrs. Harry Bates, Miss
Norma Castle, Miss Edith HenricJ, Miss
Belle Harmes, Mrs. Charles K. Harley
and Mrs. Harvey .Toy.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Greer, host and ,
hostess at dinner^ In honor of Miss
Leontine Blakeman . and Lieutenant
P,obert- McMillan. •
. Mrs. H. M... A. Miller, hostess at a
"tea" at the Century Club. Receiving
wjjh.her were Mrs. Warren • Clark. Mrs. .
Horace Pillsbury, Mrs.-. Louis '.Montea-.
gle, Mrs. William " t Wood, Mrs. Horace
Hilli. the > Misses Emily and' Charlotte
"Wilson. Miss Carol 'Moore, Mrs. Wll
,liam Sherwood. Mrs. We'lty. Mrs. Alfred
Tubbs. Mrs. C. O. G. Miller" and Mrs.
Donald Campbell. , • . ! .
Miss Katherine Herrin.-shostess at a
luncheon In honor of^her guest,. Miss
Thornton.. ' . .;'.. •';.'. .
Madame Caro Roma, informally, "at
home." . ; ' ;
General and Mrs. -Austin A. Coolridge,
entertaining at dinner in honor of Gen
eral and- Mrs. C. A. Woodruff. •
,,, Thursday.;;;:
Mr. and Mrs. William B. Bourn, en
tertaining at dinner in honor of. Miss
Charlotte Wilson. ,:,/ .". ,^
Mr, and- Mrs. Downey Harvey, arid
. Miss Anita Harvey, entertaining at_ a
large "tea."
Mrs. James C. : Sims, first "at i home"
since her return from -her nuptial " trip.
Wedding -of Miss 'Mary -Nichols 'and
Philip M." Lansdale at ; the ; Episcopal
Church at San Mateo, which was quiet
ly celebrated. - ■
FRIDAY..
Mr. and' Mrs. William Clifford, host
and hostess at a dance at the, Arts and
Crafts :■ Hall in honor of .thet. Misses
Elsie and Evelyn Clifford; the. former, a
dainty debutante.' Tn\ the first; set, led
by Miss Cllfford^and'Lleutenant Pratt,
were Miss Maude. •Payne.*/ Miss " Garol
Moore, 'Miss Malsie", Langhorne,>.Miss
Elsa Draper, Miss Edna Davis, j Miss
' Sybil Hodges,- Miss Irene : Sabin, . Miss
Ruth Hough'ton,- Miss Ysabel *. Brewer,
Miss Ursula Stone, > Miss Evelyn /Clif
ford, Miss Charlotte Wilson, Miss Mar-
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER IS, 190*-
a fair fiancete. a stuxninq ' i
Matkox axp a dashing ixv
cal debutante. i
garet Hyde-Smith, Lieutenant Rock
well, Lieutenant Hanna, Lieutenant
Anderson/ Lieutenant Claud,' Lieuten
ant "Robinson" " Lieute'nant- Chandler,
Sidney Salisbury, Herbert Jones, Har
vey Hunt, Arthur Fennimore, Maxwell
Milton. Frank Brown, DuVal Moore,
Courtney F/)rd, James. Cameron. Sher
rill Schell, Richard Hammond, Wil
liam Goldsborough, Hewitt Davenport.
Miss Edith Simpson; hostess at din
ner. ; ;. ■•-- •."■-■ "
. Mrs." Henry Clarence Breedon,
bridge party at her new home.
Mrs. William Alfred Rogers, enter
taining at luncheon.
Mrs. William Benton' Wilshire and
Miss Jane Wilshire, "at home."
Valentine, Holt Society of Children
of the American Revolution, entertain
ing at dance, at Century Hall.; . ;
at .the Presidio, the ofScers of
th^e Twenty-first Infantry the hosts.
SATURDAY.
. Mrs. Squire Varick Mooney, "tea"
at her-new home on Broadway. ,
. ;• Mrs. . Bartley P. : Oliver and ' Miss
OJiver, hostesses ' at "tea."
V Miss Anna Frances Briggs, Infor
mally "at home" at her/new studio
at/639. 'Kearny street, the rooms for
merly' ?. occupied - ,by , . Robert ,' Louis
Stevenson and later v by* Bruce Porterl
-■■Mr. : ;and Mrs. Juda Newman,; dance
in J: honor.v of \ Miss ; Newman and. Miss
Bachman, two debutaiies.
Fancy dress at'the'Greenway dance?
Now, > that sounds good-^-at . least frol
icsome. But somehow the men'; fall
to ; enthuse ; properly at the suggestion
of /silken" hose and doublets.*- Surely; it
cannot; be ; : that the men of San Fran
cisco society} are "convex /'of : limb.'
Ayaunt the 1 thought ! • Led by the daunt-
less leader of cotillons— himself of
faultless figure— the men of the smart
set will rally to the honor of the West
and proclaim to the world the beauty
of Its "men, than whom Praxiteles knew
none better. But will they?
Ernest Wiltsee Is back once more to
the scene of his former festivities, and
being a genial chap is warmly wel
comed. - - •ijti'i'- ' ">:
Big affairs are a- whizzing along!
There's the charity ball at the St. Fran
cis for the benefit of the Nursery for
Homeless Children, coming off'on the
21st. Then there's the fancy dress ball
of Mr. ■_ Greenway's parentage on the
23d. followed pn the 27th by the second
Assembly dance, the .two last to be
at the historic Palace.
That charity ball promises much In
the line of fun and. philanthropy, and
gossip tells of many stunning gowns to
be fetched forth in its honor. Assured
ly its object is. worthy the great ener
gies being 'exerted upon it, for the
homeless lltle tykes so tenderly cared
for , at the. home appeal directly to
every soul of us.
Children's Christmas parties are
p'retty things. \ Where Is there a'crea
ture who doesn't , wax Warm at the
joy that grows at these affairs, whers*
baby hearts give out the truth and
joyousness : and sincerity * in them?
Mrs. J. J. Moore's little daughter
made an Ideal hostess in miniature on
Wednesday last: when she entertained
at the St. Francis. On Saturday, the
24th, Mrs. James H. Follis will as
slsl her young son, Rklph GwinFollis.
to receive his friends.
Another dance in sight Is that plan
ned by Miss Carol- Moore, the clever
debutante, who, by the. way, seems to
have successfully run : the gauntlet of
the - "tabby cats." The scratchy ele
ment of the chaperones has accepted
her quite calmly,- quite, possibly
through the young woman's personal
ity. Another- charming -debutante is
Miss -Eugenie Hawes,'; who made such
a sensation at Del Monte during the
auto-meet through her. ; beauty and
her exquisite : gowning. ;
A clever hostess -Is Mrs. George Lei
bold, whose "days at home * at the Em
pire; are delightful. Mrs. Lelbold lls
stunning; In r a . white velvet prlnces3
dinner gown, draped In lace recently
worn at' an afternoon reception. ~ .
A pretty stir "Miss Leantine Blake
man has made ., among the smart set
by her declaration of, Intentions so
soon ; after) her 'charming cousin -had
renounced the devotions of .a ''dozen
nice » men " for •" Mr. ' Greer. ; And now
comes Miss Blakeman's announce
ment.- Still, 'tis ever thus. To him
who is upandidoing goes the reward
of the hour. - Sighing swains have no
place In the new order of things. Any
way they're unbearably stupid. Wom
en cf to-day want men of action.
Therefore, lads, busy yourselves at
something, be it polo or tennis or
golf, if your | thoughtful progenitors
provided you with-'a plenitude .©f^cou
pons, else you'll never win the heart
of a maiden worth the winning.
The contemplated departure of Miss
Pearl Sabln and Miss Irene Sabin is
creating, many expressions of disap
pointment. The Sabin girls have many
friends, and not without reason. Their
lovable dispositions and warm hearted
ness Insure friendship. Miss Irene Is
a debutante already in favor, and Miss
Pearl has firmly established herself, so
that the going away of these two. maids
will cause regret.^ The Misses Sa
bin expect to leave for Fort Snelllng,
Minnesota, some time in January, to be
absent. through the spring and summer,
as the guests of Mrs. Thomas A. Pearce.
Bookbinding as an accomplishment
and vocation is being followed to some
extent by our society girls. Nothing,
surely, could be more artistic, and If
utilized for nothing further than a per
sonal pastin?e it amounts to something
in the end. A few years ago Miss Ma
bel Deming of Sacramento, a niece of
the late Mrs. Charles Crocker, studied
the art of bookbinding and has become
very proficient. Recently during a trip
East Miss Cora Smedberg essayed the
same line and has achieved a desirable
end. Miss Smedberg and Mrs. Joseph
Tobin exf>ect to arrive in San Fran
cisco in a few days.
The standards of society are totter
ing when simple, ordinary courtesy is
overlooked. Politeness is not a form;
it is an act of appreciation or acknowl
edgment of a favor, and though that
favor falls- of keen Interest the re
cipient is, nevertheless, fully obligated
to recognize it. Society must and ever
will stand as an examnle: If Its meth
ods lower in tone the onlookers are in
spired with contempt, or at least a se
vere disappointment In their ideal. It
behooves society to constantly- view
Itself in -the light of an example, for
birth, breeding, education and .culture
are 7 -all accredited , to it. Culture and
education are woefully lacking, and
breeding, too, *• when one. f ails _ to re
spond to an Invitation. This has be
come so common a breach that its con
sideration is almost dead.*and if resus
citated it will toe -through the employ
ment of- heroic measures. Consider the
humiliation of one who must beg to
extend hospitality. An Invitation with
out response, but often a greedy ac
ceptance of the hospitality itself! -Now
•hostesses are forced to* ask for replies—
a method once ; bizarre, but arrived at
by necessity. Developments will be
watched; .but let us hope f that true
courtesy/ born of. the Instinct of consid
eration for others, will arise of itself.
„ The house of Vanderbilt has evolved
a debutante' from Its- realm. Miss
Gladys,"- daughter ;'of;,Corhelius Vander
bilt, bowed fto the- great world of mam
mon on December! 14. ' :
; -She bears the '..distinctive -trait of be
ing the wealthiest biuTin'the United
States for this season.
That Is a happy y^tfnsr thron* which
is scaling Mount Tamalpala and
sojourning over to-day and to-morrow
in 'Ross Valley. Mrs. Charles Josselyn
and Mrs. Russell J. "Wilson have a
pleasant charge on their hands, and are
looking after these young people, who
so well know how to enjoy & good out
door time In cocjtmction with th«
merry house pleasures — Miss Emily
Wilson. MiS3 Charlotte "Wilson. >Mi53
Helen Chesebrough. Miss Gertrude Jos
selyn. Gerald Rathbone. "Wheaton
Thurston, Wilberforce Williams. Allen
KIttte. Jack Kittle. Mrs. John Hittle
of Ross Valley will be hostess while
the party remains.
Mrs. Newhouse of Salt Lake win en
tertain Count Milne Bonde and Carl
John Andre Holllngsworth during their
sojourn in that city.
They have but recently .left San
Francisco, where they have been feted
and dined extensively since their ar
rival from Stockholm.
Miss Ruth Foster of Los Ansreles.
who has been visiting Mrs. B. B. Cut
ter for several weeks, has returned to
her horse. IGKSiSi
Miss Caroline McDougal of Mara
Island has been the guest durine the
past week of Commander and Mrs.
Thomas PheJps.
Miss Edith McCabe expects to leave
in January for Europe, where a large
part of her time will be spent in Naples.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Parmalee Eells
are entertaining Lieutenant and Mrs.
John Franklin Babcock, who have re
cently returned from their wedding
trip.
Miss Ardella Mills is in New Tork
enjoying the season at its full height.
She is with friends at the Waldorf
.Astorla, and is being constantly enter
tained.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Marley Hay (Alic*
Boobar) will spend the holidays in
Switzerland. They left for Holland la?:
spring.
Major Rochester. U. S. A., win stall
for the Philippines about February 1.
Luncheons after guard mount at th*
Presidio are getting to be very popular,
and sninMy it is very jolly for* our sir!*
to *go out to J se* all the Interesting
maneuvers of this fnrm of military
tactics.!
Mr. and Mrs. Berry Craig of Reno
have been guests of Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Craig on Washington street.
• . • - •
The Edward J. McCutchens ar? au
tomoblling through 'lonlerey and ad
jacent counties. .They expect to re
main for a time at Paso Roblea before
returning to town.
Lieutenant W. X. Hughes Jr. Is on
duty at Fcrt McDowell. Angel Island,
having recently returned from For*
I-eavenworth, Kans.V where ha haV
been attending the General Service and
Staff College.
Among the many, hosts and hostesses
who are entertaining Miss. Leontine
Blakeman and her fiance none Is. mor?
enthusiast^ to' -do th* beautiful bride"
to-be honor than Lieutenant and Mrs,
Ferry. Miss Blake man and Mrs. Perry
are great friends. The ? latter is a
daughter of the late AJajor Hooper.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Chase (Mabel
Donaldson) have returned from their
weddlCrT trip.' which ' was -extended
through the East, and are now living
In their new home in Piedmont.
.Mrs. Lawrence Pool, who has been
feast for some time. and Is now in X*w
York,^will arrive home about Christ
mas.
Mrs. Nokes, who Is preparing to visit
her daughter. Mrs. -John Burke Mur-i
phy.at Fort Russell. Wyoming; .will
leave * here - in January. '
--....__., ._. ,. ... :. ■ , ■ADVKUT1SEMKVTS.
FREE FOR XMAS.
lerfnme Dentifrice and Hair Tonic.
From the Famous SIT r,
ED. PINAUD
of Paris, France.
MISS MARIE CAHILL, who
lias siing herself into the hearts of
thousands, sings the praises of
HD. PINAUD'S EAU DE
QUININE HAIR TOXIC Read
ber, endorsement :
DANIEL. V. ARTHUR. |
_ I* ?H02 Broadway. New York.
June 10, ' 1904'. \\
I find that Ed. Pin-
aud's « 'Eau de Quinine"
is essentially a prep-
aration that has no
superior as a hair
tonic. It has my en- \
dorsement.
What ED. PINAUD'S EAU
DE QUININE HAIR TONIC
has done for Miss Cahill, what it
has done for such others among
the elite of the- social and profes-
sional world, as the Princess of
Wales, Sarah Bernhardt, Anna
Held, Mme. Calve and a host of
others, IT WILL DO FOR
ANY ONE. Promote its growth
and enhance the beauty of your
hair by a systematic use of this
celebrated tonic Every woman
to whom nature has been unkind
can add immeasurably to the lus-
ter and luxuriance of her tresses
by a constant application of ED.
PINAUD'S EAU DE QUI-
NINE HAIR TONIC. Stops
falling hair and cures dandruff.
It is daily receiving the enthusi-
astic endorsement of thousands,
and a trial will place you among
the constantly increasing list.
Your druggist carries it. Buy a
bottle to-day, or if you would test
its merits before purchasing, send
ioc for trial bottle of ED. PI-
NAUD'S EAU ' DE QUININE
HAIR TONIC, together with a
small bottle of our latest creation
in perfumes, including a bottle of
Dentifrice, which will be mailed
to you' prepaid. This offer is
made to induce you to use ED.
PI X AUD'S EAU DE QUI-
XINE HAIR TONIC. It should
be on every woman's dressing
Table. If it is not on yours, your
hair is not receiving the attention
it deserves.
THERE IS NO HAIR TONIC
WHICH APPROACHES IN EX-
CELLENCE OR EFFECTIVE-
NESS ED. PINAUD'S EAU DE
QUININE HAIR TONIC. Send at
once, inclosing five 2c stamps to pay
Postage and Packing, for a trial bot-
tle, including bottle Dentifrice and
Perfume, and convince yourself that
this is true. In this way we can con-
vince you.
ED. PINAUD'S
American Office, ED. PINAUD Building,
5th Avc and »4th St., New York City.
NOTE— We are the forges;
manufacturers in the world 01
high grade perfumes. Member
of Jury of Award St. Louis
World's Fair. Our house re-
ceived the supreme title of "Hors
Concours," or "Without a Rival."
Hence our name is a guarantee
of highest qualify.
PARFUMERIE ED. PINAUD,
18 Placa Vendome, Paris.
Fights His Extradition.
Although Georgre E. Letcher. the
San Jos« capitalist, has Jailed before
Jud^e Cook and the Supreme Court
In his attempt to evade being extra
dited to Ohio, where he is wanted on
a charge of arson alleged to have been
committed in 1881. he has not yet
given up the fight. Yesterday an ap
plication was made before Judge Cook
for another writ of habeas corpus for
Letcher's release. The ground is now
taken that th« statute of limitation ap
plies. Argument on the new applica
tion will be heard to-morrow morn
ing. ,
XE\V3L\X & LEVIXSON
lAUlIUay \£lllS the MaKcrs
t LADIES' and GIRLS'
SWEATER-JACKETS >
Latest Patterns. 93.RO to 97.5O
MEN'S AND BOYS'
Sweaters and Jersevs
Best vaJues in the city .$1.OO to 95.OO
Also CARDIGAN JACKETS. ....*•*, 15.-, $0
CHILDREN'S
SWEATER-JACKETS
And Silk Hoods... ..?J.^5 to
UNDERWEARfofMenandWoinen
5P0RTIKG GOODS X J§ JSP 4 '& AflC^ W I
ATHLETIC iUPPLI£S V«V»" /%/&%&?&'
BATHING SUITS K N I Twl N G C 0.
7" 60 Geary Street, San Francesco-
MERCHANDISE ORDERS Opea X^^&&^
AUTO HOISTS HIM
ERE HE COMMITS
PEACE FRACTURE
ORATOR SOARS SKYWARD
Lofty Flights of : Rhetoric Are Capped
by Sudden Physical Ascension
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Albert Taylor, stalwart and grizzled,
saluted a la militaire when he faced
Police Judge Mogan and was asked
why he had disturbed the peace. He
countered the query by requesting en
lightenment as to why the persons who
had provoked him to break the law
were hot also arrested. "Was it because
they were aboard an automobile—infal
lible indication of opulence-rand he was
merely a citizen on foot? The question
was referred to the complaining police
man, who promptly • answered it by
stating that he did not see an auto in
the vicinity of Grant avenue and Geary
street, where he did both see and hear
the defendant vociferating so loudly
and excitedly as to attract to himself
widespread attention and deprive of
hearer* the various political, theo
logical, anatomical and other kinds of
putative experts who were ventilating
their respective views, and incidentally
obstructing the former thoroughfare,
last Friday evening. •
It waB while exercising his preroga
tive of free speech and regaling a small
but intelligent assemblage that Mr.
Taylor received the provocation alleged
by him. Philosophy was his theme, and
he had warmed to it and was rounding
a glowing period when the auto bore
down and hoisted him. As he ascended
he saw that the vehicle contained two
capped and goggled men, who simul
taneously shouted, "Look out, there!"
but not untirit was too late for him to
profit by the warning. While descend
ing he caught a glimpse of the big ma
chine mowing a swath through his re
cent audience, and when he returned to
earth he was able to sit up and take
notice the medium of his sudden bodily
uplifting had disappeared. Was not the
experience sufficient to upset any
man's philosophy? In lieu of wreaking
vengeance on the authors of his aerial
flight, swearing was the only available
means bv which he could unload his
pent wrath.
The case is under advisement.
• • •
Buzayell, the Algerian wrestler, was
attired in Algerian costume of many
bright colors and looked like a cozy
corner when he faced Judge Fritz to an
swer the charge of mayhem, the com
plaining witness being "Tom" Jenkins,
a catch-as-catch-can specialist, who
performed on the carpet with the de
fendant night before last and alleged
his abdomen was bitten while they
hugged. The Algerian, through the
French interpreter, pleaded not guilty,
and then the complainant expressed un
certainty as to whether he really had
been bitten.
"Even if you had been chewed, as
you originally alleged," said the court
to Mr. Jenkins, "this charge of may
hem would not adhere, as no portion
of your person was removed. Nor
could a charge of battery be substi
tuted, because the wrestling consti
tuted mutual battery. It would be
equally absurd to accuse the defend
ant of disturbing the peace, as the
spectators of the contest were there
for the express purpose of seeing the
peace disturbed. In brief, I do not
believe that this defendant can con
sistently be charged with any offense,
so he is discharged."
James Connors, whose larcenous
specialty was the plundering of houses
to which he gained admittance by pre
tending to be in search of a desirable
room, was given six . months on each
of the two charges of burglary proved
against him before Judge Cabaniss.
The complainants were Miss Bessie
Brown of 3359 Eighteenth street, from
whom the defendant stole 50 cents,
and Mrs. T. Thurman of 1913 Howard
street, whose purse contained $22 50
when he purloined It.
Grand larceny was the charge
booked against Martin Sullivan, who
stole a horse and buggy from Arthur
Jacobs, but it, was reduced to petty
larceny on condition that he plead
guilty, and then Judge Fritz rewarded
his concession by giving him six
months.
The complaining witness* non-ap
pearance was explained by the state
ment that typhoid fever confined him
to his home, and when the Judge pro
posed that his bedside deposition be
taken both the Prosecuting Attorney
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER IS. 1904.
and the stenographer objected on the
ground that typhoid was a com
municabie ailment.
"But surely you gentlemen are im
mune from contagion," said his Honor.
"After successfully dodging the vari
ous breeds of disease germs that float
into this court with each batch of
prisoners you shouldn't balk at meet
ing: a few of the typhoid species."
The hint was ignored.
Judge Conlan has taken under con
sideration until to-morrow the psycho
logical problem presented by M. J.
McCabe's plea when he was accused
of defrauding a chauffeur. After
hiring an automobile and keeping it
in active service almost three j hours
Mr. McCabe suddenly lost all recollec
tion of having even seen the vehicle,
and that was why he declined to meet
the chauffeur's demand for $15. He
also disclaimed the remembrance of
having Durchased drinks at various
places during his tour of the town,
but "the chauffeur said that could be
proved by the testimony of several
bartenders, whose reputation for ver
acity was enviable. The Judge will
consult proper authorities to ascertain
whether memory-shattering can justly
be added to the crimes of the chug
chug wagon.
Promotion of intercounty commerce
is not likely to be repeated by Joseph
Kelly for some time, as the 'charge of
grand larceny against him appears to
be strongly foundationed. The prose
cution proposes to prove that after
stealing- twenty cattle hides from
Thomas W. Corder's store at Bay and
Union streets, Emeryville, the defend
ant brought his plunder across the
bay and attempted to sell it to a
dealer at 600 Front street, where he
was arrested by Detective Bailey.
Judge Mogran has continued the hear
ing till next Thursday.
Mrs. Mary "To'mpklns was released
from her fourth term of imprisonment
about a month ago, and had hopes
that she could worry along in freedom
until after the forthcoming holidays,
but she abruptly relapsed into Inebrie
ty last Friday and was arrested.
"It's too bad," she said to Judge
Fritz, "for I had , about made up my
mind to have a decent Christmas din
ner at my sister's home."
"From what I have heard," remarked
his honor, "the Christmas dinner at
the county jail Is not to be sneezed at,
even by an. epicure." ~--.J?'.--- - -V
"You don't say so," Mrs. Tompklni
exclaimed, with brightening counten
ance.
"I do say so, and as you" are now
going to the county Jail for. thirty days
you will find out for yourself just 'how
true my information was." •
"Oh, thank you," said Mrs.. Tomp
kins. '
Giuseppi Franchino was peddling
vegetables on Valencia street when his
horse ran away and knocked down two
pedestrians ere it was stopped. The
policeman who arrested Giuseppi was
about to let him go again, because
neither of the persons struck bv the
galloping steed would swear to a com
plaint, when he happily thought of
asking for a glance at the prisoner's
license, Giuseppi had no license, so he
was triumphantly taken to prison and
charged with peddling without one,
but when the case was called before
Judge Conlan the officer's hopes were
again dashed by the defendant's em
ployer appearing and presenting a
license for which he had paid. Giuseppi
was accordingly discharged.
• \ • • •
Edward and George Mero, young fel
lows, declared that their only connec
tion with the drenken man who dis
turbed the performance in the Chutes
Theater last Friday night consisted
in their proximity to him* but attaches
of the big playhouse affirmed that they
aided and abetted his creation of dis
order. Judge Mogan has given him
self till next Thursday to decide wheth
er the Mero brothers or their accusers
are best entitled to the benefit of the
doubt.
After his interruption of the show
the inebriated one disappeared. His
indecorum consisted of keeping his
hat on his head and smoking a cigar,
to : the great annoyance of persons In
his Immediate vicinity. As his head
'gear was a sombrero the folk behind
him' were deprived of the view of the
stage for which they had paid their
money, and the quality of the weed he
puffed was such, as to sicken all who
Inhaled its second-hand fumes. He also
hurled airy persiflage and contumely
at the stage artists, and to the shouts
of protest fro'm the indignant audience
he retorted in language both defiant
and profane. When the police arrived'
he was not among those present, so the
Mero brothers, Edward and Frank,"
were arrested as accessories.
Fred Kreling, teamster, pleaded that
he -misunderstood the instructions giv
en him by his employer, ; Peter, Qulnn.
"He handed me $6 and told me to go
and get a load." said Krelingr to Judge
Fritz, "and when I brought back the
load he kicked and .had me arrested
for drunkenness." .
Twenty-five days.
• • •
Mrs. Sylvia Perry, charged with
cruelty to her slxteen-mohths-old babe
bitterly denounced the conduct of Mrs!
John Pettee, manager of the Universal
A.id Society, who' Instigated her arrest.
Abandoned by her husband, a bartend
er/ Mrs. Perry and her' infant were
enabled to live by the generosity" of
her neighbors at.l030andU063 Howard
street, and while staying 'at the : latter
house she was Induced to accom
pany Mrs." Pettee to the -Southern, po
lice station, where she was given- into
custody, deprived of her chlldjand de
tained two days ere she 'was taken Into
court. The Judge ordered that;theilit
tle ' one be restored to its mother and
MM:ii3Ui-id^\JUUl^':in i/CllXllllUi il55UrLIIlclll5
Our Christmas Orders for /^/J Silk Waist Patterns
/7\«V\ A( fV4/V\ f*t rV% S""*± BA\vf fVxisL j+**w± A gift any toJy will appreciate —
Make desirable and acceptable holidav ft Ajf \k«LDU 1 lAJUU l%i GJTw 1 vJLjlwL\Yj\Lj\V\ Silk Waist Patterns of Fancy Tatfrta.
gifts. They are easily purchased and ; V^ W lt^Wiy,, ; WrWW VlVJVtVt Louisines, Changeable Glace Taffetas
iccn^ fnr am.- ammmf xi i • * »„ ;.,.-..- &*~-*S / •_«- >. and Novfltv Silks — each pattern con-
iSiiiii^gig mmm sutter sts - * => *<m&& BzBki i^ h - s^ u
department, at any time. , Qpen Eye^ n - rf> unt jl Christmas $2.00, ; $2.75 to $4.50 Each.
MATT flPDFPS--- Out "°(" town Patrons i send to us for y° ur Christmas wants — order any-
iaiL ■.ViwUw-- thing in this advertisement —your letter will receive prompt attention.
Holiday Handkerchiefs in Vast Array
JSToSuoh Variety — No Such Values Anywhere =====
_ Thousands and thousands of these dainty squares have been imported specially for the holiday season —brought from France, from
Uermany, from Switzerland and Ireland. There are embroidered, initialed, lace trimmed and plain, in styles to please every fancy,
and priced to rneet every possible demand. ' . .'. . ' ':
Ladies' Handkerchiefs |n Lace Edges, Hemstitched Ladies' Duchesseand PointLace Handkerchiefs, In Men's Fancy Colored Novelty' Handkerchiefs, In
and Scalloped Embroidered f< pure Hnen, : - - » a lar t e variety of new patterns, ! a large assortment of choice designs,
at, eacn...... 12>£c, 25c, 50o, and 75e each 75o to S30.00 each 12;4 O , 2»o to 1 1.50
La . d IhVnH^ E nn br ° Mcre^ Fr^^ Ladles' Embroidered Handkerchiefs,'' in fancy Men's Pure Irish Linen Handkerchiefs, hem-
embroidered on very sheer Hnen, '■ , o boxes containing 6 assorted designs; - - stitched, with hand embroidered Initials,
eacn *••; ■••■•.... «1.OO to 112.5O special, per box «1.6O and S3.OO boxofsix 81.5O, S3.OO and «5.75
Ladies' Novelty Colored Handkerchiefs, all pure Children's Colored Border Handkerchiefs, plain Men's White Japanese Silk Handkerchiefs, best
linen, in a great variety of designs. : . and initialed,. 3 li> a fancy box, .•.. -. ■ qualities, in different width hems.
eacn • ...15o to $1.75 per box. 15o, 25o and 6Oo each 5Oo, 75o and tl.OO
La u ieS^i He T, ?t t' tch A d .* Hand Embroidered Initial Men's .Plain Irish Linen Handkerchiefs, %, % Men's Black Silk Mufflers, hemstitched by hand,
Handkerchiefs, 6 In a box, -' and Hnch hems, - ' 1% yards lone.
at, per box 9Qo, «1.OO and 11.50 at, each 12)£o, 25«, 50c to tl.25 each. tl.OO. tl.5O to 13.OO
Choice Holiday; Umbrellas Gloves for Christmas
_ Our Umbrella Department was never more ready for your In Ladies' Gloves, Gents' Gloves, Youths', Misses' and Chil-
Christmas selections. No matter what kind you are looking for, dren's, we have every Glove of merit that the world's best glove
it is here, and priced right, j ... . makers have brought out for the current season— and we guar-
Union Taffeta Umbrella, in both Men's All Silk Umbrellas, with han- antee -every pair we'sell.
i^?hSdlS n |h-nfeSS5 h h!™ SSlnr^Sir* 00^ 1 7"^ Wlih Ladies' Mocha Gloves for street wear, Men's Kid and Suede Gloves, made by
«-ooeacn,at. ..$2.00 each. , $3.?5 t0 $9.00 .tl.OO, tl.26 and tl.5O per pair tl.5O, 1 1.85 and 12.OO
with' eS ivo A ry pea^SnV 1110 "^^ S^en^of^S^SB^ U Udies'- Kid Gloves- Ma«ioni, Tre- Children's Kid Gloves for dress or
S ver and Peun ffil handW 8 ArlS™ ,Ja l,t irfi a fousse and Reynier makes- in all the street wear, in new shades of tan,
sUver and gun metal handles, I dresden and natural wood new street and cvenine shades; mod beav ' er> red brown and
gaCR 50 t0 <* 50 nandles ' each. ...... . . . .75c tO $3.00 per/pair tl.OO, 1 1.50 and t2.00 per pair tl.OO and tl.25
L Silk Hosiery Holiday Art Needlework
Siltr Hosiery appeals to" all ladies. Your judgment and taste This department is replete with pretty and useful gift hints,
will never be challenged if you choose Silk Hose for the gift. Our scores of novelties in hand embroidery and painting in graceful
present stock is exceptional, and prices are most- moderate. and original designs that are ideal for Christmas gifts.
Ladies' Pure Silk Hose, with" double Ladies' Black Pure Silk Hose, fine Sofa Cushions 82.35 to 31C.OO Needle Cases........ 25«
soles, spliced. heels and toes; quality, with dainty patterns embroid- Pin Cushions.... '....600 to 1 11.50 Pen Wipers 25c
regularly $2.00 pair, at $1.50 ered on insteps, special at... ..$2.50 Lace Toilet Sets .....76o to 89.O0 Desk Blotters 5Oo
Ladies' Pore Silk Hose, finished with Ladies'Black Pure Silk Hose, extra LintnC?n?e?p'ecVstl 7 5S!o t2oSS SU^Boxes 85^
m^^^^.^t^^SSS^^& Whis^om^^
did value, p-r patr .$1.75 broidered on Insteps, per pair ...$3.50 Telephone 'Books: tl.50l Kodak Books tl.OO
Lace Curtains, Couch and Table Covers
Splendid Values To-morrow in Handsome, "Practical Gifts
FRENCH rlET CURTAINS, 3 yards long, in VELOUR TABLE COVERS, 1% yards square,. TAPESTRY COUCH COVERS, In choice
white and Arabian color, with plain centers, batten- in plain red, green, blue and mahogany centers, Oriental colors, fringed on all sides and reversible;
berg braid border, renaissance edging ._ and handsome floral borders ; worth - ' 60 Inches wide and 3 yards lone — new
and corner trimmed with pretty motif— *---«: $5-75— specially priced for this sale— *- ,>-* and perfect goods; regularly J4.50; -«,
real value $3.00 pair, at:...'..... <J>X.DU at ........:.. ....... r $3.75 special at * $3.50
FRENCH. > NET-, CURTAINS, inl white .and VELOUR TABLE COVERS, a^yards square,' TAPESTRY COUCH COVERS - entirely
Arabian color, 3 yards long, excellent quality, plain plain colored centers, in delft and green, with ex- new designs, in neutral colors, very heavy quality
net centers r battenb?rg braid borders and c - Aft quisite floral borders — formerly I12.00 - *,- - n fringed ends; 60 inches wide and 3 yards 1, '-
cluny lace edge, Worth $y 50 pair, at.... each — Sale price to-morrow :.:..• -$I.5U Jong — extra value at $6.00
I^J^^^^Sij^P^I^ Vases Sale of Real Ebony Goods
At l /s Off Regular Prices , . At Reduced Prices for To-morrow
This is an exceptional opportunity to obtain choice holiday While you are 1 making presents, make good ones. Here is
gifts. Our entire stock of Tiffany, Bohemian and Lonhuda Glass a lot of Real Ebony, reduced almost as low as you can buy the imi-
Vases, in the most unique designs and rare colorings, is now be- tation — air a re handsomely decorated with sterling silver.
ing offered at 33ft per cent off. the marked prices. .n.50 Ebony Hair Brushes ..On Sale at tl.OO
Those marked 75c. ... .now 6Oo ' Those marked f*.50 now S3.OO ' ' f3.00 Ebony Hair Brushes On Sale at 82.00
Those marked $ 1.00..... now 660 Those marked $6.00. now I4.OO .- Jl. 75 Ebony Military Brushes On Sale at tl.25
Those marked $1.50. ....now tl.OO Those marked $7.50 now 85.OO * : $2.50 Ebony Military Brushes On Sa'e at tl.50
Those marked $2.00.....now tl.35 Those marked $8.50 now t5.65 ' $2.CO Ebony Clothes Brushes ....On Sale at tl.5O
Those marxed $3.00.... ;now t2.00 Those marked $9.50. ....now t6.35 Also a complete line of Toilet and. Manicure Sets t2.25 to 310.00
Worsted Goods - Special Silk Waist Offerings Perfumery and
Always Useful and Desirable ggg; That Make Ideal Christmas Gifts Tnfl^f T>t>nn'<c'<±ryr
aS'Holiday Presents- , Handsome Silk Waists of Chiffon Elegant- Lace Waists, made of 1 UllCl J\£qUISIlCS
Woven VVoolen Shawls. ....... tl.25 Taffeta and Peau de Cygne, with white' tancy figured net, yoke Fancy Boxes, containing one
Worit dsKrs a fSrLn ? di C ' v 'tl'oo elaborately tucked front and back, trimmed with Irish Point Lace bottle of good extract 35e
Worsted Slippers', for Gents!. '!tl!50 colors white, blue, brown and and medallions, newest style Fancy Boxes, containing two
Wor^t?d Slippers, for Children. ..75o black— one of the best sleeves — very stylish ." bottles of extract.. .: 5Oe
Wool Knit Skirts.. .Sl.00 values offered this sea- and extraordinary value Roger, and Gallet's Violet de
Wool Sweaters for Boys......: 8 l.OO son, at :.. ... $5.00 at - $6 75 P*rme extract »*«
""■*. — ! ■ •• 4>o»<J Pinaud's Extracts, all odors.... '
Ladies* Neckwear Ladies' Dressing Sacques ; vioietsExtracts....t 8 i°oo an toii 1^5
ed from this department. Nothing^ , Attractively Priced for Tq-mOlTOW. v.vV' u nu s 01 e * ?f5 o * j^j # 11#4o
more acceptable than a dainty pirce of Dressing Sacques, made of fine Dainty Dressing Sacques of Eid- Roger and Gallet's Toilet
neckwear. f For to-morrow we offer: -quality wool Eiderdown, in red, erdown, in red, light blue, gray Waters 85c
L3d'e.y Silk Stock Collars — blue", pink and gray, with sail- and lavender; finely trimmed Rogerand Gallet's Soaps... 22c
Eh^SSS^^i^^lSi or' collar, handsomely ' . with stitched bands to. Triplicate Mirrors, in great
P^x^IsS'y^id^lhi appHqued, special at, match jacket; exception- ■ ■ vanity ... 1 6.00 to 1 8.50
whits, black and colors, each.... $1.50 ally fine value at, each $2.50 MckclS havIn * Mlrr °t2fio ti'ieoo
65C, $i:03, $1.2;, $1.5T5 eaci.' Other Dressing Sacques up to.:........ .....$6.50 . Perfume Atomizers.. tlioo to tsioo
FJSH CO3IMISSIOXERS YVIX
AFTER A .LONG BATTLE
Decision of Judge Mogan Is Upheld
by Higlicr Court and Game
Dealer Pays Ilis Fine/
A case which has engaged the atten
tion of the Fish Commissioners for the
past two years was settled yesterday
morning, when J. F. Corriea, a game
dealer, paid a fine of $10 in Judge Mor
gan's court. . ' ... ' • . .
Corriea, who. had sent out circular
letters j advisins hunters | how. to ship
quail to market and evade'the law'.'was
trapped by j one 'of his j letters Teaching
the. office, of the Fish Commissioners
through a storekeeper at Orovllle. to
whom k letter "had been sent. Corriea
and Chief Deputy Vogelsang carried*6n
correspondence "for ; some time, ■ and . in
accordance with . Corriea's., suggestions
the Fish j Commissioners snipped what
was supposed to be a trunk' full of quail
from Oroville.'. A ticket* was bought, the
trunk checked as baggage, the baggage
check sent to. Corriea jn- a' letter, that
informed ,'. him at .the' same - time .that
there were twenty-six dozen " quail'; in
thetrunk: A ■ . : ' • v; ._■; -.".-"' ;;
Corriea". received the letter and check^
A 'dream' of pleasure. 'the new two for
quarter ''size American; $2 75 box. 2^.' •'
advised Mrs.' .Pattee to . forego her • an
noune'ed Intention of ; having the.' woman
rearrested.j as .there was no 1. evidence
to ; convict her of ," neglectingf-herToff
spring. '. • " ; * , ':.'>".'■-■'.':■■'
msWMAN & IiEVIXSON.
and called for the trunk, which con
tained "only twenty-six birds, one more
than the limit allowed by -law. Corriea
was convicted before Judge Mogan and
sentenced to pay a fine of $40. An ap
peal was taken, and the case has been
on the calendar for more. than a year
and a' half.' Briefs were filed and oral
arguments were heard before 'Judge
Lazier .last Saturday. Judge Lawler
affirmed the decision of the lower court,
and' yesterday Corriea paid. the fine..
On Wednesday last J. M. 1 Walker ar
rested S. Macerdo at Walnut Creek for
peddling underweight striped bass. The
prisoner #vas convicted before Justice
William Hough at Walnut Creek, who
fined j him $20. \
On i Saturday Deputy Fish Commis
sione'rJJ. H. Davis arrested M. Frescia
,«....-,■ ,. . ♦"
/A, .'dream of pleasure, the new two. for
quarter size American, $2 "5 box 25. *
' . " RATE OF POSTAGE
. on
V THE .CHRISTMAS CALL:
Domestic '■ ,\. . .\'. . . .5 cents
- ' i'\>rclgn : . . . 9 cents
■ ■" Domestic i»ostagc includes all
points \ in _ the United States,
Mexico, Hawaiian Islands, Phil-
IppJjie.s Porto Rico, Canada and
Guam. : , .
, Mail this sumptuous paper to
your friends in the: East a'nd
abroad. '
of Fishermans Place, Marln County, for
shipping underweight striped bass. Da
vis took, .the prisoner before Justice
Magee'of San Rafael, where he plead
ed guilty and was fined $20, which was
paid. . .• •; ■• .
Last Thursday Deputy Fish Commis
sioner H. S. Betz arrested Joseph and
John Romero near Pinole for catching
small striDed bass. They had also some
ducks" in their net. Betz seized the net
and the evidence and. together with the
prisoners;, brought them before Justice
Enloe ".of where the defendants
pleaded, guilty and were fined $50 each.
Joseph. Romero paid his fine, while
John Romero was locked up in the
town jail for one day, until the amount
of his fine was raised.
Asks Salve for Imprisonment.
Four, hours in ' prison on a • false
charge, has ; injured the feelings and
hurt the.. reputation of Louis Lensch
ner, a}' painter,. to. the extent of $30,000.
according .- to vthe contents of a com
plaintrfiled, by^ him yesterday, against
Wllliana "jiannah.- A. B. Treadwell
scys t^'at, 'his 'client was painting In
Hannah's •'house * on December 12.
Hannah washed his hands and left his
ring on;th'e:basin. Missing the crrclet,
he had th« painter arrested. At the
Jail, It Is. said,. the man was disrobed
and searched. -He. is a member of tha
uniorK % andl faccordlng to the lawyer,
the organization; is taking-steps to ex
pel him.'-.whichVwJll deprive him of the
means of. earnihgfa'-Uvellhood. He has
a familjC ,- s
Attorney Accused of Battery
R. A. Smith. Ill New Montgomery
street, obtained a warrant from Po
lice Judge Mogan yesterday for the
arrest of Attorney Harry Coblitz on
a charge -of battery. Smith alleges
that Coblitz called at his place of
business at 8 o'clock yesterday morn
ing and said that he wanted $1 45 that
Smith owed him. Smith denied that
he owed Coblitz a cent and Coblitx.
he alleges, struck him in the eye.
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
"I had trouble with my boirels which made my
blood Irapnr*. M; (see wu eovsred with pimples
which no exterasf remedy could remove 1 tri*4
ronr C«»<-»r*ti and crnat was my Joy wb«n tin
rim pie* disappeared after a month'* steady ose.
I have refimmeiKled them to a!l my triesds and
Qni'« a t».w hare fonnrt relief."
C. J. Pasch. «C7 ParK Ave.. K«w York City. K. T.
CANarr CATnajrnc
Pltoaat. Pa]«tab1«. Potent. T«!it« Good. Do Good.
Kever birken, Wrakeu or Gripo. 10«-. 3S«. Mr. KeTer
•old in bnlk. Tbn reunine tablet Mamped CCO.
OoaranteeU to eore or y<»nr munrr back
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. floo
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
3334
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
»OH>: D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL, COMMUKICATIOXS TO
JOHN 3IcXAUGHT. '. . ._. - 5 i^?~fl
riBLICATIOS- OFFICE ....THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
SUXDAY DECEMBER 18. 1904
GOVERNMENT OWNERSHIP.
IX view of the future political programme upon which Mr. Bryan,
Mr. Hearst and Mr. Watson are agreed, no matter what their dis
agreements may be, caused by rival personal ambitions, the ques
tion of government ownership, uniting them all with the Socialists, is
sure to be an issue of great proportions. The first point upon which
they will all agree is Federal ownership and operation of the tele
graph as part of the postal system. Q?f(2
We have become accustomed to government operation o*f the
postoffice, and look with complacency upon the regular annual de
ficit in the General Postoffice, whichis charged off to the treasury to
be paid by the taxpayers. Yet the postoffice is a business plant oper
ated by the Government. If its administration were strictly business
those who use this public plant would pay for its maintenance in the
rate charged them for its use. But this is not done. They pay part
of its cost as ratepayers and part as taxpayers, and at the end of a
fiscal year no man knows what it has cost him to use the mails. He
can compute that which he pays directly in stamps, but what he pays
in taxes is not computable. Those who have thoroughly examined
the matter are of the opinion that a private business corporation
could administer the postoffice, at the present postal rate, not only
without a deficit, but could make a large profit out of it. But the
Government is unable to do this, through its charge for carrying let
ters is $i 25 per pound.
If a private corporation made that charge it would be denounced
as extortion. But the Government makes it and loses money and
nothing is said. Expert actuaries have estimated the results of gov
ernment ownership of the telegraph, administered like the postoffice.
In England the telegraph is part of trie postal system: Telegraphing
is cheap to the users of the plant, but the^annual deficit, charged to
the treasury and paid by taxation, is $5,000,000. Distributing this to
the mileage of the English telegraphs and carrying the deficit per
mile to the American telegraph mileage, it is shown that the deficit
here under government management would be $50,000,000 a year. It
would probably exceed that sum, for the English administration is
better than we could have under our system of government.
On the government railroads of Germany the system is different.
There the users of the plant pay for it and there is a profit instead of
a deficit. The rate charged to the user is all that he pays. He pays
nothing as a taxpayer. The result is a rate on German roads that
would paralyze American commerce, so greatly does it exceed the
rate paid here to the private corporations which operate our" roads.
Here if a loss occur through improper transmission of a telegram, the
corporation as a common carrier is held to responsibility and the
courts exact indemnity. But under telegraph operation by govern
ment, which is by sovereignty, there is no responsibility for loss and
indemnity is impossible. Now if a man lose, no matter how heavily,
by the delayed transmission or misdelivery of a letter, he has no
recourse against the Government, but must pocket his loss, and profit
only by his experience.
Xot long since we knew of considerable loss inflicted by a delay '
of twenty-four hours in the delivery of a letter. When it came ft j
was stamped, "Xot delivered for lack of time." That meant that the j
Government does not make efficient arrangements for prompt de- !
livery and does not employ enough letter carriers.- Under such cir- i
cumstances a private corporation would be mulct by the courts in !
the amount of the loss and would be judicially ordered to increase
its working force to secure prompt service to the public. But the j
Government is sovereignty and cannot be sued nor compelled to per
form an executive act by the courts. Government ownership sep
arates administration from responsibility. Private ownership keeps;
them joined ai.J gives a better service. Private ownership means a
business administration. Government ownership means. a political
administration. Between the two lies the difference between waste
and economy.
In this country only a small minority of the people have occa
sion to make use of the telegraph. A vast majority live remote from
telegraph stations and make no or infrequent use" of the wire. The
telegraph statisticians estimate that only about 5 per cent of our peo
ple use it. But the vast majority of non-users would be compelled as
taxpayers to pay the deficit for the benefit of the minority of rate
payers.
The demand for government ownership is based on the false
assumption that the Government does business better than the indi
vidual citizen. This is the Socialist claim. Socialism say's that
where everything belongs to everybody, then everybody, through the
Government, will do everything. The scheme is alluring to a cr
tain order of minds and is getting numerous recruits by foreign im
migration from the socialistic centers of Europe. But individualism
has made America what it is, the land of the greatest opportunity
for man, and it is inconceivable that Americans should deliberately
destroy the system which has done here more for men than any other
in the history of the race.
THE SOUTH RISES FOR LAW.
THE election has had one effect upon public sentiment in the
South, of which certain Northern States are called to take no-
TTce. We have recently commended the strong stand taken by
United States Judge Jones of Alabama against the lynching of ne
groes. No one has yet answered the reasoning by which he makes
it a Federal question. If the local law be silent when negroes are
lynched for offenses which would go to judicial trial if committed by
u . n^ men ' lle declares that it is concurrence of the local courts in
discriminating against the negro on account of his race and color.
The Federal constitution forbids discrimination between citizens
in respect to their right of trial. No man shall be deprived of life,
liberty or property without due process of law. That is the judicial'
process, and when it is withdrawn from a man because he* is black
and extended to another because he is white, the crime alleged being
the same, there is discrimination by judicial assent, and Federal juris
diction arises.
Since the election the local judicial authorities in some of the
States most infected by lawlessness and lynching have been moved
to take notice of the reasoning of Judge Jones, and as if by consent
and agreement there appears, in -quite widely separated jurisdictions
a determination to enforce the law. Judge Speer of Savannah Ga
in a charge to his Grand Jury, has ordered it to spare no pains to
detect and indict the men who are guilty of lynching. He declares
that when assured of due process of law the' large number of the
best class of negroes will be in alliance with the whites in disciplin
ing the disorderly and evil, disposed of their own race, and that
thousands of blacks will step out as supporters of the law when
satisfied that discrimination is to cease.
Following this is the declaration of ' Judge Wakem of the
Brookhaven Circuit Court, Mississippi, that he will leave no judicial
power unused in seeking out and punishing the lynchers in his dis
trict. Incidental to his declaration is the revelation that the "White
cappers" whom he proposes to punish have recently driven from
their homes in Mississippi a whole community of peaceable ne^ro
farmers, murdering three of them and banishing the rest. JudW
Wakem says that such crimes are abominable from the standpoint
of the orderly white population, as well as from the negro point of
view, and must cease, by the punishment and extermination of those
who commit them. He also gives assurance that the best class of
negroes will join the law-abiding whites, making common cause with
them as soon as race discrimination in punishing crime ceases.
Judge Hopkins of Georgia has published a letter saying that
the honor and good name of the South require an anti-lynching cam
paign and the sternest of repressive legislation. He recommends
that a fine of $10,000 be put upon any county that does not within a
fixed time punish l\'nchers. The Southern press backs up his pro
gramme with great force, and the apologists for lawlessness seem to
THE SAN FRANCISCO ■" CALL,- -DECEMBER 18/ 1004:
AT THE CA LL OF FRIENDSHIP
DUSK was clouding: the landscape
as Noah Sterling," powerfully
built, with blue eyes in contrast
to his gray hairs, stepped on the
porch. He leaned against the
framework of the door and
smoked his pipe, apparently ob
livious to the voices floating out from
the kitchen. Yet he heard, for his
brows lowered and met above his eyes,
and his teeth shut sharply "on the
briar's stem. '",*"•
"I'll enter no family unwelcomed.
Your father has his pride. I mine—"
The girlish voice was pitched high, and
broke suddenly. Then followed indis
tinct pleadings from her, / companion
whom she answered. "It's true,' all
true. But I'm in the mill, a mill hand,
while you — some day you will be boss,
you'll own all — you — " DC (
"Don't say it, Bess. I am the un
happiest oreature in the world, the son
of a self-made man. Father forgets he
was once a laborer, choosing his wife
for himself. I'll do thersame. Let him
do what he will with the property.
I've brains and hands.» His blood fills
my veins, and I'll win out — as he did."
"You are all he has in the 'world. I'll
not come between you — "
Xoah Sterling glanced Into the -dim
room. He could see Bess, fighting
against her love, and the stalwart son
of the mill owner, as he held her hands.
Xotelessly he stepped from the porch
to the coolness of the little garden. It
was quite dark when he returned, but
no light greeted him from the open
door, but a low sob broke the stillness,
and guided him to the girl's side. She
sat by the table, her head buried In
her arms, her slight frame trembling
with emotion. Xoah. watched her si
lently.
"Oh, Daddy Noah — my heart is bro
ken—" The words were scarcely audi
ble. Sterling sat down heavily, resting
his work-worn hand on her arm.
"You sent him away bravely. Now
you -cry for him."
Bess cleared her voice. There was a
little laugh of self-pity % in her tone as
she spoke. . ,
"That's the woman of it Yet it's
you who spoiled me. * When did I ask
for aught — and you not give it to me.
Oh, Dad, If you could only help me
now,"
"You've Bet your heart on this.' You
truly love young Thadd?"
"He's all the world—" Sterling with
drew his hand abruptly. Impetuously
Bess flung her arms about his neck.
"Not that 1 love you less, dear, or
ever could! But you loved my mother
—you understand— you must, you are
all that Is left to me now."
"Understand — sure I understand."
Soothing her, he drew her to his knee,
and held her in his arms, as he had so
often done as a child. Comforted, she
prepared to retire.
"Are you not going to bed?" she
questioned, her candle illuminating her
heavy eyes. •
"Presently, child—"
Yet he had scarcely stirred when' the
gray dawn showed in the east. Then
he rose stiffly, determination in his
be losing their hold upon public opinion. . It is now said with con
fidence that they were only a violent and noisy minority any way,
and acquired their influence by bluster and the approval of public
men like Tillman and Vardaman. Now a different sentiment is
abroad and the courts are speaking in tones heard ' and heeded
throughout the South. Honor and manhood are as precious there as
anywhere in the world, and when the' idea gets abroad that lawless
ness puts a bar sinister upon the honor of every Southern State the
law will be vindicated and its violators punished.
* But let not us of the North be patronizing or complacent in the
matter. We have law-defying districts. We have lynchings of ne
groes and of white men and white women. Now that the South is
removing the mote from its eye, let the North observe the beam in
its own. We have gone to the spall heap with great assurance to
get/ a stone to cast at our Southern countrymen when we had but
little call to stand among the accusers. The criiicjzed may turn
critic and we may be taught our duty by those whom we have freely
accused of neglecting theirs. '. t '.' V v
One suggestion naturally occurs. As. the crime of lynching has
not been sectional, though most prevalent \n the South, the campaign
against it need not be sectional. Kansas, Colorado," California, In
diana and many other Northern States have had their share of that
kind of. lawlessness, and we do not recall a single case in which the
crime has been punished. When its punishment was attempted, in
this State the Judge who tried to do his duty was baited on the bench
by the defense, and probably several of the criminals sat on the jury.
Of course there was an acquittal and vindication of the accused, and
the murder of five persons goes to this day unpunished. That they
were humble or that they were criminal did not excuse' their murder.
They were the victims of crime, but the, greatest sufferers were the
people of California, who stood" by and saw the law defied and de
nied vindication. ;• _
/ We hope to hear Judges in Northern States where lynchings oc
cur imitate their judicial brethren of the South in characterizing the
crime and calling for its punishment.;. ' ■'.
AN ODD ORANGE TREE.
T* has been supposed that the orange tree at Bidwell s Bar was
the oldest in Northern California, the real pioneer of the great
orchards that are spreading over the Sacramento Valley and its
inclosing foothills. But its claims are now disputed. The Sacra
mento-Bee reports an orange tre& in "that city known to be fifty-five
years, old and with a productive record of 1500 sound oranges in a
season.
The history of this tree, five years jmore than half a century old,
is ; very interesting. The State Board of Trade should have a pic
ture of the tree for its museum. It was brought, a mere sprout, in
a small oyster can from Honolulu in 1849 by Thomas Hanna. He
gave it to Mrs. Crump, who planted it 611 her city lot in Sacramento
in 1851. Six. years later the lot was sold and the Crumps. moved
to a ranch and took the tree along and planted it on their hew
place. Tree and family remained on the ranch several years. Finally
the Crumps returned to;Sacrame*nto with the tree, which was again
planted dn what is. now the Clunie warehouse site. In 1869 it was
again removed, and^ planted on the; present Crump home, wherefit
has since grown in peace and borne in plenty. !
It attained such size that it had to-be pruned. -Last year, the
fruit was small arid it was fertilized with/ fish, well: forked in around
itV'The renewal of its ; vigor was remarkable and it is expected* to
beat its own record of. 1 500 oranges. V In its rejuvenation is a sug
gestion to orange growers in the matter .of fertilization. There has
been much discussion over ■ orange fertilizers^ Why not use fish ?
On the Atlantic [ seaboard is a bony .fish called the . moss-bunker; of
which millions of pounds are converted into fertilizer. If -fish f be
found of value for orange orchards we have abundance. of' uneatable
and destructive carp that can : be made useful by turning, them into
manure. , .
BY ETHEL BARRINQTO/1
face. "I've Just got to do it. .1 swore
I never would, but I wW v
•At noon next day Noah Sterling en
tered the office. Thaddeus Giles, the
boss, Avas , writing, when the foreman
appeared, but he nodded kindly.
"Sit down,- Noah, I'll be through in
a minute." Sterling took the Indi
cated chair near the desk, absently
twirling his cap in his hand.
"Glad to see you, old man! Any
thing special that you dropped In for?"
asked Giles, pushing his papers frefm
him and swinging around (n his chair.
"I wanted particular to see you," be
gan Sterling "uncertainly. "It's about
the young folks— your boy Thadd and
Bess Hardy— " ' v
"Stop, Noah," broke In the mill own
er sharply. "Some things I. allow no
She Sat by the Table, Her
Head Buried in Her Arms.
interference in. It's none of your busi
ness, anyhow." /'.^'
"Hold hard. I'm one of your hands,
have been for years— yet we were kids
together. You, Tim, and me. Was
there ever a scrape that we didn't
share?"
"We .were sure enough pals." The
boss's eyes twinkled at sundry remem
brances, it,
"When Tim died— you don't recollect,
you were planning,! your own big deal.
But I knew. There was a baby, Thadd,
I ain't never told you. But the night
Tim went, I sat with him. JHe worried
awful about . that baby, seemed .as if
he just .couldn't die till I set his mind
at rest. "-'I'- swore the " child c should be
first with me, at any, sacrifice I'd make,
her happy, and I will— I will." Ster-
|" ling leaned forward. Giles returned
his look questioningly. .'". \ '•
"I don't understand what you are
after," he said at last. v
"Bess is Tim's daughter— Tim and
Bessie's baby."
"Bessie Fields that was?"
"!The same. Yott begin to see now."
"Come, Noah, this is ridiculous! Be
cause Tim was our playmate. It does
not follow I- should -allow, my son to
throw himself away upon his daughter.
A mill hand! However, for the; sake
of old times, and what I owe to you
besides, I'll make my position clear."
As Giles paused he showed In every
line the inflexibility that' had gained
for him success, but he was reckoned
a just man. "I worked and planned,
night and flay, year by year. Now, I j
am rich, my son will be richer Btill. j
He is the center of my ambition. He!
must marry In the world for which "I '
educated . him. He must be the gen
tleman his father had no chartce to be." i
"What your boy is to you, Bess is to j
me," said Sterling with an effort. "I |
loved her mother. The words sort of i
atrangle\me, Thadd. I call you that j
just once, for we are back- In the old
days. Yes, ,the words choke me, but J
for Bess* sake I'll speak them. ' She j
said I had always given her what she j
cried for. Though I'm none to sure of
myself this time. I am going to try-
You want a lady for your boy.*., You
want more, a pure, good woman— Bess (
is that. She. has book learning, too. j
But, Thadd, it cost money, all I'd saved,
and when I took the spell of rheuma
tism, cash ran low, and she— bless her
grateful heart— she went Into the mill
till we could pull things straight. It's
the factory stamp you have against her
—that's . how she got it. Thadd, you
mind the year of the strike; it's all of
twenty years now. You had Just owned ■
your first shop, with everything tied j
up; it was sink or swim— and there was j
no insurance. You remember the pow- >
der the strikers smuggled in, and the I
slow match, \ burning when you! .and
your watchman came suddenly upon it. ■
You were white; and I don't know as '
I. blame you. Death brushed shoulders
with us that night. Ydur watchman
stood to his duty. I cut that match — **
"I would have given you a share In
the concern," protested the boss, liv
ing' again the suspense of that awful
moment.
. "I'm a workman— never could be dif
ferent. But you were grateful. You
gave me a promise — a sort of oath — " ,
Giles sat motionless, the dawn of com
prehension in his strong self-willed
face. Noah held him, eye to eye.
"Seems like taking a mean advantage.
It's powerful hard to ask. But I loved
her mother. Don't decide now. See
the girl. Learn to know her. I'll stand
aside. I'll not be in your road." j
"It's a pretty stiff test," said Giles j
slowly as he rose, memories, pride, am- ;
bition, gratitude all warring within I
him. Then he stretched out his hand, ■
and the two locked palms. "You have •
been a long time calling— but now you._
liave spoken, I -honor your claim, old
friend." . j
! (Copyright, 1904, by Ethel Barrington.) j
* ~ • ■ • - »■ -: ■-"' - J ' ■ -, i
STAINS.
THE three ghosts on the lonesome
Spake each to one another.
"Whence came that stain about
. ■ your mouth .-v'.-
No lifted hand may cover?".
"From eating of forbidden fruit.
Brother,' my brother."
The three ghosts on the sunless road
Spake each to one another,
"Whence came, that 'red burn on your
foot
No dust or ash may cover?"
"I stamped a neighbor's hearth-flame out.
Brother, my brother."
The three. ghosts on the windless road
Spake each to one another,
"Whence -came that \ : blood upon your
hand
• No other hand may cover?"
"From breaking of a woman's heart, .
Brother, my brother."
"Yet on the earth clean men we walked.
Glutton and Thief and Lover;
White flesh and fair it hid our stains ■
That no man might discover."
"Naked the soul goes up to God,
Brother, my brother."
— Theodosia Garrison, in the Christmas
-(December) Scribner's.
WITCHING EYES.
(To Mrs. Chadwick, of Cleveland, O.)
The'charm that lies in witching eyes
Full well do many I know,
You simply gaze and in a daze
The man hands out the dough.
—Chicago Chronicle.
THIS DOESN'T MEAN YOU.
A man will play billiards half the*
night at 25 cents a grame and drink 15
cent whisky^ every 10 minutes without
expecting'any part in the management
of the saloon. But, if he pays 2 cents
a day for, a newspaper he thinVo.he
ought to have something to say as to
its policy.— Atchison Globe. •
TWINS.
Governor Pennypacker of Pennsylva
nia is reported to have finally given
up the Idea of putting the cartoonists
out jof business. This reminds us of
the man who, having accidentally drop
ped ! a $20 gold piece over the railing
of a ship in«midocean, said: "Oh, well
let it go."— Chicago Record-Herald.
AT THE TAILOR'S.
."Very well, you may-make a suit- for
me," said Slopay, "but how long will it
take you?"''. ~" ,$
"About a week." replied the tailor
'-'Positively? A friend of mine who
recommended me here told me you sel
dom: delivered .suits on time."
"He was right. We only deliver them
CO. D."— Philadelphia Ledger.' ■ ?
' Time to send Townsend's Glace Fruits
by Express for Christmas*. ~ ■■ •: ■■•
' .Townsend's . California': Glace fruits In
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market at.
and Wakelee's Drug Store, v •"
Special information , supplied daily to
business > houses * and J public ; men - by • th«
Press Clipping Bureau. (Allen's ) ; 30 Call"
<ornla street. Telephone Alain XOtV^^
TEACHERS OF THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS LOOK
THE STATE SOLONS TO PASS TO MEASURE
PROVIDING FOR INCREASED SALARIES
"few, if any, more important
F measures will be laid before the
next Legislature than the one
designed for the increase of the
salaries of the public school
teachers of California. It is a
measure that is fraught with
consequence "to the entire school sys
tem and hence, as education 1« the
foundation of the State, is of univer
sal interest.
( .-■* From the standpoint of justice to
.the teachers, the plan merits the most
careful -consideration. Though the
cost of living has largely increased
within the last five years, teachers' sal
aries have not in this State, with the
exception of a. few cities, been ad
vanced. Wages and salaries in nearly
all other pursuits in life have been in
creased, while the compensation of the
teacher has remained practically sta
tionary. The mere statement of this
fact proves the contention of the
teachers that they are entitled to equal
recognition. A circumstance which
has an important bearing upon this
question of salary advance, from an
equitable point of view, is that the
teaching standard is quietly but con
stantly rising. Such is the insistent
demand of this age for the best in
struction obtainable, so great are the
opportunities afforded for gaining
knowledge in the fields of science,
history, the languages and literature
that the great body of teachers Is real
izing, as never before the Importance
of their own individual growth. Helps
of every kind abound in the nature of
professional Journals and books, pri
vate Instruction, ' university extension
courses. Institutes, State associations
and summer schools. All these have
their value in raising the ideals of aa
Instructor's life and in molding that
Important element of a teachers' in
fluence, but too often underrated ln j
the selection of a teacher — the ele
ment of a strong, sincere character.
It should not be forgotten that tha ac
quisition .of these rich essentials of
power Involves not only expenditures
of much time and strength, but an un
ceasing outlay of money.. '■.,■• ;..-;* r
TEACHING STANDARDS.
. Before answering the query, "What
are the teaching standards now re
quired in progressive regions?" It will
not be amiss to look for a moment at
those of an older time. As late as 1840
the district schools of New England
had in their winter term the sole term
of the year for scholars of all ages.
The teachers were generally men who
were working their way through the
academy or college. They were paid
$10 or $12 per month and "boarded
round" in the different families of the
district. The qualifications required
were mainly those that Lincoln de*
scribed as ability to teach, "readin*,
wrltln' and cypherin* to the Rule of
Three."
What are. the teaching standards of
to-day? In' brief,' compared with
those of 1840, the difference is almost
Immeasurable. In no uncertain man
ner the leading and even the lesser
cities are demanding that their teach
ers must have obtained professional
training. Normal school training for
the grade teacher and a collegiate edu
cation for the high school instructor
are rapidly becoming (he requisites to
employment in the best cities through
out.the land. Scholarship that is both
broad and deep, close professional
touch with current events and techni
cal knowledge for particular positions
are assuming' greater importance in
every successive year with boards of
education in. all parts of the country.
Increase of teachers' salaries is not
only demanded by a sense of justice to
the profession, but also by that senti
ment which is said to know no law —
the sentiment of necessity. The expe
rience of the last three years shows
that it is impossible to retain the serv
ices of the best men teachers on exist
ing salaries, for, the simple reason that
other 'pursuits will afford a larger in
come. ' : .; 1\*% : •-.-■' ""„ ..
FEwfal MEN TEACHERS.
Not 'only' are the ablest men leaving
the schools,' but, as , must necessarily
follow, 'few* are 'preparing' to teach. It
would* be- a grievous misfortune to th«
public schools of "the United States If
the teaching r force j was . composed
wholly of either 'one; of the sexes. It
can hardly -be questioned "that In what
is sought as the ultimate products of
the schools, the foundation ef citizen
ship and the formation of character,
both masculine and'feminine influences
should toe- blended." Women are In
comparably the best teachers for
young children and for others till they
reach the age of adolescence. Con
ceding that some women are so com
pletely endowed ' that they are emi
nently successful as -sole' teachers >of
youth and as principals, it holds as a
general truth .that when, the stormy
period of; adolescence is reached there
is vital need of^a power which will, not
only supplement but will -be the com
plement of woman's grace arid per
suasiveness, v The virile" influence of
strong, forceful manhood Is" then re
quired, absolutely • so with boys and
but little- less, with- girls., ■
In admirable words a recent writer,
Richard L. Sandwick, In the Popular
Science Monthly, has stated the atti
tude of boy nature, at, this stage of life.
Mr. Sandwick says: "At this age boys
begin to notice differences of sex. They
are proud of their masculinity. The
voice changes; they. are conscious of
superior strength and they love to
show their * muscle, f They cultivate
gruffer ways- of men and often, learn
to smoke and;chew, not because they
want to .be -vicious, but because men
use* tobacco and women do not, and
they want to emphasize 'the. fact they
are men. From 1 fourteen to twenty
they love football. It is a game that
call3 for masculine and mas
culine courage. So, everything that is
distinctly masculine is admired and
imitated; everything womanish is de
spised. Few boys at this age are ready
to admit that women are the equals of
men. . Even? the mother's influence
wanes. Her .word is not final in every
thing. She Is only a woman and.can
not understand all that irien should do.'
; .WOMEX AT DISADVANTAGE.
So it; is in school. The woman
teacher is at a disadvantage with high
school boysj, % She must, be of a de
cidedly, strong .personality to appeal to
him. He sees intuitively that the tastes
and preferences of women are differ
ent from those of men, and he is not
at all ready to take a woman teachers
advice in choosing a course of action
for himself.
There is a startling contrast between
! the average wage oaid to operatives,
I skilled and^unskilled, throughout ths
United States £#d the average salary
paid to men teachers. While the av
erage operative receives $498 annually.
the average man teacher gets but $33 7.
IWltli such an exhibit from the census
of 1900 It is 'not surprising that the
percentage of men who enter teaching
has fallen in eight years from twenty
seven per cent of the whole number of
teachers to seventeen' per cent. If
such a decrease were to continue for
the next eight years it is evident that
men would be nearly _ eliminated from
positions in the classroom.
These findings and the extensive aM
thorough insight obtained by wide vis
itation evidently made a strong Im
pression upon the . German commission
of educational experts which recently
visited this country- Their views -were
summed up by one of the members.
Dr. Knypers, who said: "More virility
and the. choice of teaching by larger
numbers of well-trained men appear to
be the two things that American
schools are most in need of."
The Teachers* Club of Alameda
County, through a committee of which
C. E. Rugh is chairman, has recently
Investigated the salary question as u
stands to-day throughout the United
States. Mora than 200 requests for
information were sent to various alties
and school officials. Replies were re
ceived from 176 correspondents, of
which number 85 were from cities of
40,000 population fend upward and
State capitals. * V"\:
COMPARISON" OP SAIiARIES.
Quoting only the maximum salaries
reported, it appears that teachers of
the. first, second, third and fourth
grades annually receive in Greater
New York 51240, in Chicago {1000 and
in San Francisco $996. Teachers of
the fifth, sixth, seventh and eighth
grades receive In New York $2400 paid
to men and $1440 paid to women.
Boston pays $2340, Chicago $1000. San
Bernardino $1000, San Francisco $996,
Oakland and Pitt? burs $900. Primary
and grammar principals are paid in
New York, men $3500, women $2500.
Cleveland pays $3500, Boston $3180.
Chicago, Pittsbura: and New Haven
$2500, Worcester $200. San Francisco
$2160, Los Angeles $1800. The maxi
mum salaries paid to high school
teachers, not including principals or
vice principals, are as follows: Bos
ton. $3060; New York, men $3000,
women $2500; Newport arid Cam
bridge. $3000; Indianapolis. $2600;
Concord, N. H., $2500; New Orlean3,
Louisville, Savannah and San Fran
cisco, $1800; Ventura, $1800; Milwau
kee, $1700; Kansas City. $1575; Oak
land. $1320.
No finer recognition of teachers*
work has lately-been mad» In Califor
nia than that rendered by the city of
Stockton, where the salary schedule
has been readjusted. The minimum
annual salaries now paid to grade
teachers are $600; the maximum sal
ary is $900. Oakland pays a minimum
of $660 and mlximum of $840 ■ and
$900. San Francisco pays a minimum,
of $720 and maximum of $996.
The requirements of the Stockton
Board of Education are high. They
embrace a high school education or
its and a course of profes
sional training, constant professional
study, sympathy with children and
kindly disposition and unexceptionable
moral character. The board Btates in
its Report that "the more extended
training now required of teachers
takes from two to six years longer
than was formerly needed. What
with this time and the cost of board,
books, fees, clothing, etc. the Invest
ment made by the trained teacher In
preparing for her li(e work Is fully
equal to the initial demanded by other
professions. In no other calling is
more study required to keep abreast
of the times than in teaching." G. O.
"EXCELLENT IDEA."
"A most excellent idea," says tha
Marysville Appeal, referring to Tha
Call's rose plant offer. "Bbc growing
rose plants constitute a premium of
practical value," continues the Appeal,
"and if the offer meets with tha ready
acceptance which seems likely. The
Call management will have a big un
dertaking on its hands attending to
the distribution of plants."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
AT HOME— Constant Reader,.Berke
ley,. CaL If a lady receives an invita
tion to • attend an "at home" and she
attends, there is no occasion for a
formal call after the event.
CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILDING—
A. O. S., Stockton, *Cal. The Claus
Spreckels building Jn San; Francisco
has, in addition to the basement."eight
een floors. :
BROKERS' TERMS— A. S.. City. The
broker's term "short" means that a
party sells stock when He has none on
hand, but expects to' buy or borrow in
time to deliver, and "long" means that
a party has a plentiful supply of stock.
BATTLESHIPS- A. J., City. The
.cost of the United States battleship
[Oregon— dimensions 31S length. 69
beam and 21 depth — was 53,222.810. The
German battleship Brandenburg—^54
length, 65 beam and 24.5 depth— cost
$3,032,500.
BROTHER JONATHAN-P.. Alame
da, Cal. The steamer Brother Jon
athan went ashore on Point Lincoln,
near Crescent City, July 30, 1S&J. Many
passengers were drowned. Between
that date and August 28 following, six
ty-six bodies were recovered on tha
shores of Gold Bluff and vicinity.
TO-MORROW— R.. Vallambrosa. CaL
The author of the following is un
known:
Some say "to-morrow" never .comes,
• A saying oft thought right.
am ir to-morrow never came,
No end were of "to-ni«nt."
The fact Is this, time flics so fast,
That ere we've time to say:
To-morrow's come." presto! behoM!
To-morrow proves to-day VMR. DOODLEY
HAS HIS SAY ABOUT THE SIMPLE LIFE
w » y ELL, Charles Wag
(£ £ N& /% / " Cr haS been hav ' n *
J"»- over here," said Mr.
Dooley.
"Is that th' man that wrote th' music?"
aiked Mr. Hennessy.
"No," said Mr. Dooley: "that was Cal.
This is Charles Wagner an" he's th' author
iy th' two hundherd thousandth book that
Prisidint Rosenfelt has read since th' first
iv Xovimber. Tis called 'Th' Simple Life.'
He cudden't find it in France, so he come
lookin* f'r it among th' simple an* pasthral
people in this counthrv. He found it. He
come over m a large but simple ship iv
twinty thousan' simple horsepower an' land
ed in th" simple village iv New York, where
he was met be a comity iv simple little vil
lage lads an' lasses an' escorted to th' sim
ple Waldorf an' installed in a room simply
decorated in purple plush. That avenin' he
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN SLUMDOM
PRKSIDKXT BALIJN'GTOX BOOTH.
Sr-/*^. EAUTIFUL homes', in
f\\***O slumdom ! : '.Verily, this
\ ll L^\ seems a'-paradox.
illy One :isV at' once
C\ iJIf^^y* terB P te^ tp-.ask; "Can
Vl^*" ~* > * th'erc '; #*bc anything
beautiful in .slumdom ?
Amid wretchedness. isaualor and oov-
attinded a meetin' iv th' Fifth Av'rioo Fe
male Simplicity Club. . : A lady wearin' a
collar iv dimon's whose value was simply
fabulous recited passages? fr'm 'Th' Simple
Life.' Afther this a 'simple- supper iv ter
rapin' an' champagne was sarved. He thin
took a simple Pullman thrain to Wash'nton,
where he attinded a rayciption at which: a
lady iv th' diplomatic core, which is all that
is left iv diplomacy nowadays, poked th'
wife iv a Congressman with, a lorgnette f'r
goin' into supper ahead iv her. Later he
was rayceived be th' simple Prisidint, who
said to him: 'Chas.*, he says, 'I've been
preachin' ye'er book to me counthrymen,'
he says. 'Simplicity an' a sthrong navy is
th' watchword iv this administration,' he
"Since thin Chas. has been whoopin' up
th' simple life. They've showed him ivry
thing simple we have. He's seen th' sub
way, the dhrainage canal, the Stock Ex
change, Tom Lawson, Jawn D. Rockefellar
an' Mrsi Chadwick. . He's looped th' loops,
shot th' shoots, had a ride in a pathrol wag
on, played th' races an' met Dave Hill. Th*
las' seen iv him he was climbin* into a pri
vate car in a fur-lined coat an' a plug hat-
Whin he goes home to his simple life in
Paris he's goin' to have a ticker put in his
study. He is undhershtud to favor sellin'
copper on bulges.
"I haven't read his book, but Hogan says
it's a good wan an' I'm goin' to read it
afther I've' read th' Bible an' Emerson,
which Mike Ahearn ricommended to me th'
year iv th' big fire. Th' idee is that no
matther what ye ar-re, ye must be simple.
If ye're rich, be simply rich; if. ye're poor,
be simply poor; if ye're nayether, be naye
ther, but be simple about it. Ye don't have
to be gin'rous to be simple. He makes % a
sthrong pint iv that. (Regards to Russell
Sage.) It isn't nicissry to open ye'er purse,
says Chas. If ye're a miser, be a simple
miser. It ain't issintial to be poor to be
simple. A poor man walkin' th' sthree"t is
far less simple thin a rich man lollin' back
in his carriage an' figurin' out simple in
threst on his cuff. Th' poor man is envious
iv th' rich man, but th' rich man is not en
vious iv th' poor man. If ye're a flower.
says he, be a flower; if ye're a bur-rd, be a
bur-rd; if a horse, .'a horse; if a mule, a
mule; if a humin'. bur-rd. a humin' bur-rd;,
■WRITTEN. -FOft ■ THE. \CALL-BY BALLINQTON -BOOTH,
• .'; ; PresMeot VoImM^
erty, can there be beauty?" . Yes,
there are characters and dispositions,
scenes and sounds that are truly beau
tiful—that glitter, amid the - darkness
like stars in the deep ; vault of 'the
sky. Along the shores of soiled hu
manity, amid the debris and driftwood
uonn th» tiJeiina. nm finds here 2nd
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ SUNDAY^DECEMBER^IS, X904.
WRITTEN FOR THE CALL BY f. P. DUNNE
SIMPLE LIFE IN FRANCE? NO. THAT'S
WHY AUTHOR VflGNER CAflE ;
HERE AND FOUND IT.
( ( THIS is Chas Wa.oner an' he-s, th ' author iv th'
A iico hiiridh^rd jhqiisandth booh that Prisidijit
Rosnifelt has reycl since, il^^ftrst iv Noyimber.x
'Tis^calied'Tli'^ cudden't find it in
France so he come looking f'r it among the simple an'
pas hral people iv this cowiitlir:;.','I£e found it.
''Since thin Chas has-been whoopin' up th' simple
life. > They've showed him "dyrythind simple we have.
He's seen th ' * ubiva y, th' dhrainage canal, th' stock
exchange, Tom Lawson, Jawn D.' Rocliefellar an'
Mrs. Chadwick. He's looped th' [loop, shot th' shoots,
had a ride in a p'lylhrol wagon, [played th' races an'
met Dav3 Hill. Th' last sfeniv.him he was climbin'
into a private car in a fur-lined coat an' a wilug hat.
Whin he goes home to his simp' e life in Paris he's
$oin } to have a ticker put in ; liis study. He is undher
studio 1 avor ' sellin 'copper * on bulges.
"I haven't read' his book, but Hogan says it's a
good wan, an' I'm £o\ri 'to read it afther l'v* read
h' Bible an' Emerson,' which Mike Ahearn ricom
mended to me th' year iv th' big fire.
"Th' idee is that, no matther what ye ar-re, ye
must be-yS mple. If ye're rich, be simply rich ; if ye're
poor, be dimply poor ; if ye' r 3 nayether, be Jicti/fther,
but be simple about it. Ye don't have to be gin'rous
to be simple- He inah( s a slrong pint iv that. (Re
gards to Russell Sige.)
"Always be simple, bs it aver so complex."
always be simple, be it iver so complex.
"Th' only. thing Hogan an' I can't make
out fr'm th' book is what is simplicity. I
may be a simpleton, Hinnissy, but I don't
know. Father Tom Burke was forty years
writin' a book .on 'simplicity'., zn\. he, riivcr
there transparent natures, sweet spir
its and exemplary lives that would
adorn any society, and which make up
the beautiful in slumdom.
There, where least expected, where
least encouraged, is the patience sub
lime, the faith divine and the sacrifice
heroic. These are the more precious
and commendable because found
where so much would thwart the
growth of the truer, nobler nature.
Should it not be infinitely more easy
to be patient when one never knows
the qualms of hunger than, in . an
abode where are huddled together
famine-stricken children? Should it
not be less difficult to bear the bur
den of bereavement ' where friends
surround one with comforting voice
and assurances than where one
stands alone With no human friend,
and only the harsh utterances , of
those to whom you have become a
"nuisance." If the jewel is to be
valued by its intrinsic worth, then jt
little matters whether it lies in: the
gutter or in the case of the jeweler's
window.
Homes that are beautiful! Made
beautiful how? .
■ Made beautiful by winsome and in
nocent childhood. - It is perhaps \ no
exaggeration to say that some of the
most beautiful children we have ever
seen have been among the lower - ele
ments of society. Remove from those
abodes, which poor, patient people re
gard as homes, the two, three or four,
bright, cherub-faced, merry children,
and you at once remove the possibil
ity of all home life and the last home
joy from its cup, leaving only the bit
terness of the dregs of sorrow, drud-;
gery and despair. >
' Standing tipon the threshold of an
Italians quarters in a tenement dis
trict ; of a large city, I asked a : poor/
frail ,wom'ah how much she received
weekly toward the "support of her
home. v "Four and a half dollars," she
replied! ' ''and ', two and a •- half dollars
Copyright,. 1904, by McGlure, Phillips Jk> Go:
Copyright, 1904, by The San Francisco Call.
has to be paid to the landlord, leaving
me only two dollars to support the
children with." "
There were but a few articles of
furniture, bare walls, no carpet on
the floor, yet their room was clean
and orderly. After telling us some
thing of the weary grind to earn- the
small pittance that kept thejr home
together, she turned to remark, "The
children are the best of all I have,
sir. I do not know what I should do
without . the children."
It needed bnly v a glance at the
faces of those little children, clear, in
nocent and pretty, to Know something
of their worth to that Italian mother.
In my mind's eye I pictured them
dressed in the goodly apparel ' of some
of the: wealthy of our illustrious ave
nues, and; a more charming picture
it would be difficult tojmagine. One
of the little ones taken to one of. our
children's homes from one of the
worst i neighborhoods', in the city
proved'to be so sweet a dispositioned
and obedient child that it was a won
der to all how so beautiful a girl
could have come from such a miser
able'.environment. It may - be .said
that these are exceptions. We do not
claim for the -. child of the darker sec
tions of 'the twentieth century city
spotless and • perfect lives, any more
than we would claim the ! same for
the ; better-to-do sections, v but we\db
claim that there are many whose win
some manners and sweet dispositions
have adorned and made the home,
however small and poor,',the abodeof
brightness and joy. .
\ Homes made beautiful in slumdom!
Yes, by true motherhood.
Let it not for one ' moment ' be'
thought that, because . there is the bit
terness of * poverty and the pinth . of
hunger, and what is perhaps even
.worse,- the. prospect of a future 'strug
gle to keep the' bodies and souls of the
little familyr together, that . the ■ moth
ers Unsliimdom "are not; as thoufihtful
got beyond th' first sintince, which was: 'It
is simply impossible to define simplicity.' It
ain't simple to be poor, it ain't simple to be
without clothes/ it ain't' simple to.be pious
or sober. 'Ye're pretty simple to believe all
I tell ye, but ye may not. be as simple as I
for their children, and as patient in
rearing them as those among the bet
ter and wealthier classes. "> Indeed, it
will be found that in -some instances
there • is more personal care 'and pa
tience bestowed upon the little ones
in the garret and amid the misery of
the tenements than' in the drawing
room or - library of the < palatial home.
A lady who was making a visit to a
home in one of the worst sections of
one of our large cities asked how it
was that the little 'children were all
so well mannered arid implicitly.obe
dient, and the answer was that the
mother was in every sense of ■. the
word a guardian and protector, and
that, during the few hours which
she- could give them . when they
were not . at ..the public ' school,
she would gather them around
her knee and, summoning all her
remaining strength and tired thought,
•Arould relate to them little incidents
calculated to impress upon the child
mind and the child-heart the principles
that 'should guide them in after- life.
What are luxuriant • ease, accumu
lated wealth, gorgeous furniture and
rich apparel in comparison with the
interests of a true mother, and what
is home, aye, what is any abode
where motherhood is unknown? •' ■
-Beautiful homes in slumdom? Yes,
made so. through patience.
This gift; has been said to be the
touchstone of all the graces. "If there
is : one place above another where its
true strength has been tested, surely
it is amid the ceaseless toil, "depressing
atmosphere arid the forlorn outlook of
the life of . slumdom. ; Many \ an^over
tired watcher at the sick bed, many a
stooping form over the drudgery ■ of
the ; needle, many a silent :spectator :6f
the loss of- all that: is hear 'and* tiear,'
have given more eloquent testimony of
this ; trait of character than can .per
haps be found in any other station of
Think of the patience that '■ enabled
think an' hope. A lie may be as simple as
th' thruth. Th' fact iv; th' matther is. that
th' rale thruth is niver simple. What we
call thruth an' pass around fr'm hand to
hand is only a kind iv a currency that we
use for convanience. There, are* a !'. good
manny counterfeiters an' a lot iv th' coun
terfeits mus' be in circulation. I haven't
anny question that I take in manny iv thim
over me intellechool bar ivry day an' piss
out not a few. Some iv th' counterfeits has
as much precious metal in thim as th' rale
goods, only they don't bear th' Govermint
stamp.
"What th' divvle is simplicity k annyhow?
Simple is a foolish wurrud whin ye come to
think it over. Simple, simple, simple. It's
a kind iv a mixture iv silly an' dimple. I
don't know how to go about bein' simple.
Th' Lord didn't make me that way. I can
imagine simplicity, but I can't just put me
hand on it. No more can Chas. Wagner.
Tell me, Chas., how to lead th' simple life.
Tell me, Thaydore iRosenfclt, simple soul,
what I must do. I'll go'as far as ye like.
Hand out th'_rayceipt. I'll make mesilf a
simple man if I have to bake in a Jlow oven
to do it. What'll J do? Throw away th'
superflooties, says Hogan, out iv Chas., his
■book. But what ar-re th' superflooties? I'll
turn out th' ilicthric light, shut off th' fur
nace an' desthroy th'cash raygister.be which
complex macheen I keep mesilf fr'm robbin'
mesilf. But am I anny more simple be
cause I'm holdin' out on mesilf with frozen
fingers be a tallow dip? Was th' wurruld
iveranny more simple thin it is to-day? I
doubt it. I bet ye there was a good dale iv
talk about Adam an' Eve dhressin' ostenta
.tiously an' havin' th' King iv Beljium's an
cesthor to supper with thim. Hogan. was
readin' me out iv a book th' other day
about th', simple fathers iv th' counthry. It
was a tur-rble shock to. me. This fellow
says that Robert Morris, who I supposed
sacrificed his fortune f'r liberty, injooced th'
Governmint to pay good money f'r bad;
Jawn Adams wanted to make a kingdom iv
th' counthry;, while as f'r George Wash'n
ton, he acted like a coal-oil Jawnny whin he
wint to th' White House., an' his wife put
on insuff'rable airs, an' had such bad table
'manners that this here pathrite was com
pelled to leave th' room an'- run home to
a woman to watch over an invalid
father and sick little girl where life
was slowly ebbing away and sitting
during the silent watches of the night
ministering to their physical needs, to
stand in. weariness of body and mind
many consecutive hours during the
day at a hard and thankless task as
the bread winner of the family. Could
life exist long under such circum
stances? 'One thing is sufe, that while
life lingered and, strength held out
the element of patience burned upon
the altar of that heart. Weary, weary
hours, weary, weary nights and days
spent in the two little rooms which
were home to this woman, until death
came as a benefactor and removed
one- from its midst, and then remained
but; the little', child. \ .
.You say "not such a burden to pro
vide for!" Ah, but there was the
funeral and the expense and the strag
gle to "catch up," and that meant fur
ther sacrifice and a still greater exhibi
tion of that patience which was little
less than divine. Yet this home was
beautiful, beautiful in the eyes of God
and beautiful in the eyes of angels if
viewed from t the. standpoint of one
who said, "Bear ye one another's bur
dens."
Beautiful homes in slumdom^ Yes,
made beautiful through sacrifice.
'It has become fashionable at some
time of the year^o take part- in some
sacrifice and self-denial, but in the
great, sad - heart of slumdom there is
a perpetual Lenten season, and life
is little better than pne unbroken act
of self-denial. There are many things
| which the bread-winner could wish
to have .that would make life. a little
smoother, and the humble home more
durable, things that are necessary to
relieve pain, keep -out the cold and
satisfy- the - cravings of ' hunger, but
thelittle has to suffice in. the place of
the much, and the half loaf in place of
the xwhole one. Instead of the luxury
of self-satisfaction, there-is the pinch
of I self-abnegation.'
if a polecat, a polecat; if a man, a man. But
put it down in his diary.
"An' there ye ar-re. Th' more I think, th'
less simple simplicity becomes. Says Wag
ner, via Hogan. a man shud be like a lamp
an' th' more light he sheds th' betther man
he is. That's th' throuble with ivrybo.dy
that thrics to advise me to be something I
ain't. Whin I run him into a corner an*
say, 'Come on now an' make good, show
me th' way.' he tells me I'm a lamp, or a
three, or a snowflake blown be th' winds,
or a. bur-rd in a gilded cage, or 'a paint
brush, or a ship, or something else. But
says I: "'I'm none iv these fine thing3. I'm
a kind iv a man an' I'm not mintioned in th'
botany or th' mail ordher list. Tell me
what I must do.' An' he looks me in th*
eye an' says he: 'Be a man.' An* there ye
ar-re. If a man's a lamp, it's because he
smokes, don't show up well in th' sunlight
an' will wan day be blown out. There ar-re
other simple uses f'r lamps besides givin*
light, which is wan iv th' poorest thirig3
they do nowadays. Rothschild thrades in
thim, th' German Impror thinks they ar-re
only useful to throw at his inimies. an' my 1
business is to fill thim with karosene.
"No, sir, they ain't anny simple life.
There's only life. It's a kind iv an obstacle
race. Sinnin', repintin', sinnin', repintin'.
Some can jump high; some can't jump at
all. Thim that jump highest have farthest
to fall. Those that go farthest are ruled off
f r foulin'. A man's no more thin a man
an' he has as manny things in him. anny
wan iv thim liable to go wrong without a
moriient's notice, as all th' injines; tools,
lamps an' other hardware figures iv speech
in a prize pome. He has to make his clumsy
repairs while undher full headway. Lucky
man if he staggers into port without havin*
caused too manny shipwrecks on th* way
Over. It isn't th' most succissful passage
that has caused th' most shipwrecks. 'Ye
see, Hinnissy, I'm a kind iv a Chas. Wagner
mcsilf, only betther. He gets his out iv a
Fr-rench head an' I got mine out iv th' third
reader that a little boy "left in here who
come f'r a pint iv simple refrishment f'r his
father's complex thirst."
"I don't think ye know such a lot bout
it," said Mr. Hennessy.
"I know more about th' sample life," said
Beautiful homes in slumdom? Yes,
made beautiful through courage.
Not on the battlefield alone, amid
the whistling of shot, the gleam of
bayonet and the roar of cannon is
courage to.be witnessed. Often have
we thought that could the field of war
be changed and the r.eld of loneliness
and poverty in the slums be substi
tuted, the courage exhibited by the
soldier would stand a slim chance in
comparison with that of the hero of
tne 'slums.
In the heart of the tenement dis
trict of Twelfth street. New York
City, a little boy not more than 8
years of age was found by the Vol
unteers, who presented the truest type
of heroism. His mother and four
brothers had been deserted by ths
father of the family. Shortly after his
mother was taken very side and lin
gered at the peint .of death. One
awful night, rjin-swept and wind
driven, the child rose at the moans
of his mother a«d went out to try to
find the house a! a wotaan who had
acted as nurse for several nights. Bat
the tenement door was locked, and
not being able to make himself heard
the little fellow paced up and" down
the sidewalk until 6 o'clock in ' the
morning. Who can estimate the an
guish that filled that boy's mind? As
soon as the woman was reached at
day dawn the question that filled the
little hero's • thoughts were food for
the starving family, and when this
was obtained from the Volnnteeri,to
whom he turned, the little fellow
would not touch a mouthful until his
mother and four brothers were fed.
Heroism! Ah, that is not always
the truest heroism that may be called
upon suddenly to face danger; there
is even a higher type; that which con
tinues day in and day out, through
the long, lone, unrelenting years, with
standing the strain to heart and brain
and nerve, the constant suffering of
pain, and all this, even of tea in the
face of inevitable fill art. j '
3536
DOES THIS MAN POS=
THE DEAD 3ROUCHT BACK TO LITE
ti but IJttle More MiracnJons Than Same of the Jlarvelmis Cures lie Per-
forms 'witliost the Aid of Drastic Dregs. Medicines or the Healing
A^rats Cornraonly J^mployed by tlie iledlcal Fraternfty.
DOCTORS AM) SCIENTISTS UNABLE TO
fXPLAN THE WONDERFUL PHEiNOMENA
CIKKS TnOSE A THOUSAXD MULES AWAY THE SAME AS THOSE
WHO CALi. IN PERSON.
Tako« No Monrr for His Services, Sarc His Mi^on Is to Heal Disease and
T<*arh Mankind a Secret Lew of Nature Which Ha? Been Over-
looked by Doctors and Scientists for Centuries Past.
Prcm the Buffalo Courier.
ROCHEST^n. D»c. 1L— Prof. Thcmas \ wouldn't live loni?. Xow. affr taking one
r* lidldn a rf.'« t ;v r»<<*ert of thi? elty ! ntosth's treatment. I am almost tt?11. and
k _ * .*.,'* >'M*^i"a . f r«"nr ano«iff tbe! T kw** th *t another month's treatment
rr.'-d;~a! frafrsity. By rcine rnvstenoua , n^ h wonder f Ul i y and think there !s no
i» of r.afjr" he has <Jcne practically j treatment on earth which can compare
f-rerythhtg kut brirg the dead to life, and j with it. You may use this letter in any
Soctors. aM scientists who have wit- « »J' >ou choose, and hope it will be the
rod nut r-of A»!lcin savs: "No I have Doctors hav* eought oat and brought
rv> &\-\n* pow«r. There i» nothing scper- <£* very worst cases in the country to
r.aiural aboirt m«». I have simply d!ecov- Prof. AdTrin. thinking- they might baffle
red a -crrt law of nature vrhich has | fcjm. bat they have por-.e away convinced
n by doctor* *n<l scientists ] t^ 3 * he uses some invisible power or fore*
t^ r wniM,!^, n~ K . i h»i'i>v» ihat anv J ■< : 'iKowTi to them. They cannot eiptam
r «B^; r ™ a^r«Ti« b^ < ton B t S t !i"to I*** f^«"s«»- p r f - dkir i L " ,%"
mi BCiokny d«^J rm4 th* vital onrans o? ; wealthy He lives in a fine hoa« in an
;h- bodv hare nof been destroyed, and I autocratic |^tion of ,the city. He has
r.,^ tV -_- b< ,.« <1 , ve t v at when I perfect rrrr a numbor of bus!n*»«s Intereme. Hut de-
mU I "bankable to vote- mort of hte time to healing the sick.
-*^:ore life to any one from dying, drown- He offers a certain amour.t of help to
ns r.r other can?** which do not destroy any one without money or price. All you
be vita; craans provided decomposition ne «« tr » go is to call on him or write him.
™* not t~t in. I know these are strong 1 If >«« write Ptate th» leading pymptorns
•at*tr:*r.t5. but look at some of the peo- I of your trouble your age and I sex. and he
•!p I have cut«h1 Thej- were all but dead, i will write you fully in regard to the na-
•irtorn «aid there was no hope, yet in ture of your disease, the length of time
•nanv cases I rid them of actual disease required to effect a cure. etc.. and tell
n lei% tirse than it takes to tell you about 5"°u the exact treatment for your particu-
t. There was Mr?. L. A. Phillips of Tra- lar complaint. Prof. Adkin takes an in-
*1ck Ttx who was the next thing to ! tense delight in curing cases that doc-
JeadVben I took hold of her case. Here j tors have given up to die.
•■ hrr Setter; read what ehe says. I He disdain* the use of Christian Science, j
'•v*r paw hT. but I cured h^r Just the osteopathy, faith healing or drugs. He
:anie nr if *n* had been in my officer" claims that hie method is scientific in the
Phe r« s p'>rt»'r was- han<5e<3 several letters highest degree, although scientists so far
r r*»m patients, among them that of Mrs. have been utterly unable to comprehend
Phillip?- The following extracts are j it. One thing is sure, and that Is he has
:aken fwerd for word) from some of the some mysterious knowledge, agent or pro-
ftXf-rtL Mrs. Phillips writes: "When I ee*s by which he restores health to peo-
;m began ynur treatment I had no faith pie in the very last stages of usually fa-
i it at all. had tried iw many different tal diseases. Over twenty doctors have
cinds of medicine* with no benefit. I had taken up the study of his methods. Some :
se«i un<5er th* treatment of twelve differ- are right with him and daily
•nt ho*jutals. with no relief, and then I , witness the remarkable cures he per-
TJiplcyed two home doctors, but. they forms. Nearly every train brings Invalids
"vsn pot so they did me no good and toM to be healed by his power. He gets an
-ie they could do nothing for rne. and enormous mail from persons 'in nearly all
hat if I could find anything that could do .parts of the globe. The most mysterious
Ti*- zry good for me to get it. for they thing about his whole work is his ability i
■a<J done everything they could. I saf- j to heal «t a distance, but there is no lack
>red from every disease that flejb Is heir of proof that he does heal those thousands
o. I had been bedfast for five years, of miles away th* same as those who call
'ruble to stand up lor.ger than ten rntn- personally, ltiis ■would seem to prove
t<« ti a tiis*. If ever a woman suffered beyond doubt that thought, will power or
I *Md. I couid not lie but on one side. I jtome mysterious, intangible force can be
tad two large bed sores that gave me a i sent through space the same as we afe
treat deal of trouble, and I suffered so j now able to telegraph without wires; but
iuch in other wavs. I bad kidney trou- t how this force takes hold and Quickly rids
>li». catarrh cf the bladder and also j the bodr of material disease is totally In-
't»v»L I u?ed to puffer at times until I j explicable. In some cases Prof. Adkin
•wi spasms. I also suffered from falling sends a peculiar magnetized food product
f the womb. ulc«rr» and chronic Jndiges- I in concentrated form which he claims* im-
'nn. an.i. of course, all of- these diseases mediately revitalizes the whole system.
eft my nerves in a terrible condition. What his food product is. how he makes
rfaea I finally wrote to you. You have j ft. or charges it with magnetic fluid, is
'oi<- for me what no one else ev^r did. ! his secret. Doctors and scientists are
my friends all say that I have b«M»a vainly puzzling their brains trying to dis-
"»ii*«J from the deaA I was nothing but cover It. Those who are sick and would
km «nd bones: now I am feeling splen- like to be healed may communicate with
"d. I say to every one that ff they would Prof. Adkin by addressing him as fol-
lace their case in your hands you will lows: ThomasT. Adkin. Offlce 546 C.
«o the no* for them. All they need to Rochester. X. T. Rich and poor a!4ke re-
'.n in to give you a trial." ceive the same court esv. He has an ex-
MJfjs Hattie L. Kelly. Beal Cove-. Me., tremcly affable manner, but is intensely
»Tir«E: "V.'okIs can hardly express the earnest in everything he does. Leading
Tatftiide I feel for what your treatment btjsfness men and bankers soeak very
»» done for me. "When I began taking it { highly of him. and some say that he has
I had given up hopes of ever being well, dor.e more for me upbuilding of the city
rhe doctors said I had consumption and ' t»- sin any other man in Rochester.
Baby Ie Scalded to Death
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 17.— An eighteen
months-oM-baby. Fon of Mr. and Mrs. I
\V. R. Srjohn. who was frightfully
scalded from having been partially im
mersed in boiling water, died this
morning in convulsions after fright
ful yufferlnss.
CIVIL. SERVICE EXAMINATION.—Th
civil nerrtc* examination 'or truckmen In the
Fir* Department took place yesterday in the
audltqrititn of the Giris* Hitch School. Seventy
---,:;.'?- Th tnck <■-.«■ twt and tb« recnlts will
?■» «nnnnnw<l In about on* month.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P*** tils imittt^on and chooic^P^^v
V» irrfciir.'j leVa.. If it isn't an \u tJ
'* Weal *' :t aa't a Witcnrtn.
Best dealers in Ean Prandseo and
vicinity sell them. #
LL WiicrBan 4 Co., 173 Brcadwaj, Bcw York.
rxchasjres 138 Montgomery Street.
San I*rancl»co.
FREE CHB1STMAS.DINNERS
tot <r*
200.000 *?£- ;-. . -
Arm ttnwehsit- 1^^
• (tesatirs. » tf3£&zX&\&P<C
GlUtTtiT* S322 IC^^XlJ^i^vSf*' Ll
SaSvaifco Yflll
tin aitttiM 5L\ wizfc%~^
s t. cu. " J ' .
MAUVAiS MUSIC CO.
£33 MARKET S1..;6PP. MASO'i.
KGUDAY GIFTS ON IHSTaLLMENTS. *
SHIP ON FTRE SIGHTED
BY' THE CRUISER TOPEKA
Warship Reports Passing Schooner
Clara Goodwin. Abandoned and
Ablaze Off Diamond Shoals.
BALTIMORE, Md., Dec. 17. — The
cruiser Topeka, which passed Cape
Henry. Va., this morning, reports that
the schooner Clara Goodwin, from
Port Tampa for Philadelphia, was
afire off Diamond Shoals. No one was
aboard.
PORTLAND, Me.. Dec. 17. — The
schooner Clara Goodwin was owned
by J. S. Winslow & Co. of this city
and was valued at $25,000. She was
bound from Port Tampa to Philadel
phia with a cargo of -phosphate rock.
Captain P. J. Ostman of Portland was
in command and a crew of eight men
was shipped here September 23.,
NEWPORT NEWS COMPANY
TO BUTLD TWO CRUISERS
Contract for Battleship's Construction
Will Go to the New York
Yards.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 1 A— Secretary
Morton to-day approved the recom
mendation of the naval board of con
struction for the award of the con
tract for the construction of the ar
mored cruisers Montana and I<i>rth
Carolina to the Newport. News Ship
building Company at its bid of $3,575,
000 for each vessel, and the contract
for ( the construction of the j battleship
Xew Hampshire to the New York
Shipbuilding Company at its bid of
$3,748,000.
TAF/T WILL DETAIL MILES
, ON STAFF OF GOVERNOR
Notifies Executive of Massachusetts
That He Will Grant Request Con
cerning Retired General.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.—Gover
nor-elect Douglas of Massachusetts
recently wrote Secretary of War Taf t
asking him if he would detail »Lieu
tenant General Miles, retired, -for his
(the Governor's) 'staff if he should
make the request after his inaugura
tion. Secretary Taft replied to Gov
ernor. Douglas Jo-day, stating that by
direction of the President he , would
make the detail when requested to do
SITE FOR CITY CEMETERY.— Th<» mem
bers ■ of the ; Supervisors' \ Finance * Comniittee
yfef-terday made a visit to San llateo f or the
purpose cf Inspecting : available • Bites for - a
city, cemrtery for S*n Francisco. . So .much
unJavorabi* : critlclrm has l^-^a encendcred at
the- methods employed -by the - cant-actor g for
tb* buriai of the: Indigent* dsad thai the-Board
of SuperviBOTB |»rop«.«'e5: that the city Khali
In' future attend to suet matters.
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 18. 1904.
CASEY WILL NOT
BE REAPPOINTED
Mayor Sclimitz Says Pres
ent Works Commissioner
Will Go Out of Office
FORECAST IS CONFIRMED
\ 7
His Honor Declares Most
of the Foreshadowed Se-
lections Will Come True
Mayor Schmitz yesterday officially
confirmed in a majority of instances
the forecast of probable appointments
on" the .various boards and commissions
which was made in The Call several
days ago.
The Mayor stated that Dr. Jules
Simon, whose appointment was fore
shadowed in these columns more/ than
two weeks ago. .would be named to
succeed Dr. J. C. StlcBon on the Board
of Health, although the appointment
might be delayed until the beginning
of next year.
The Mayor further stated that the
commissioners who are sure of being
re-appointed on January 8 next are
Aaron Altaian on the Board of Edu
cation; J>r. Joseph F. Poheim on the
Board of Health, and H. M. Wreden on
the Fire Commission.
The Mayor would not commit him
self as to the re-appointment of A. W.
Voorsanger on the Election Commis
sion, but intimated that he stands a
good chance In the event that other
political complications do not arise.
He also confirmed the announcement
that David J. Oliver Jr. would be taken
care of. In all likelihood Oliver will
be placed on the Civil Service Commis
sion should present Commissioner Rog
ers secure another -office through the
influence of his friend, Congrressman
elect Hayes. The Mayor says he will
re-appoint Rogers should he so desire
and in that case Oliver will be pro
vided for in some other place.
The Mayor stated positively that, he
would not re-appoint present Commls-
Fionef of Public Wprks Casey to suc
ceed himself.^ ' His Honor has several
names under consideration, but de,
clined to mention who they were, as no
final selection has yet been made. His
mind is evidently made up regarding
Casey, judging from the following:
"You can rest assured," said the
Mayor, "that I will not re-appoint Ca
eey, even though the highest pressure
is brousht to bear upon me to do so.
I have never forgotten how Casey
treated me when he formed a combi
nation with Marsden Manson, then
Commissioner of Works, to the exclu
sion of the other commissioner I had
appointed. A man who deserts you
once may do so again and I am taking
no chances."
The Mayor was reticent as to the
man who would be put on the Police
Commission to succeed Howell. That
Is the office which may engender a bit
ter fight. Dr. George L Drucker is the
only one of the aspirants whose name
has been given out and he - seems . to
be a strong candidate.
Surgeons and Druggists for. Panama.
The United States Civil Service Com- I
mission announces examinations at
San Francisco, Los Angeles, Marys
ville. Fresno and Reno on January IS
for the positions of surgeon, physician,
hospital interne and trained nurse for
the Panama canal. Surgeon, age limit
25 to 50 years; salary $250 per month.
Physician, 25 to 50 years; $150, $200
and $250. Pharmacist, 20 to 40 years;
$900, $1000 and $1200, with board and
quarters. Hospital interne (male), 20
to 30; $50 per month, with board and
quarters; provided that If appointees
are retained In the position of interne
sfter one year they will be paid $125
per month. Trained nurse (male or
female), 20 to 35; $50 per month. Ap
ply to the United States Civil Service
Commission, Washington, D. C, or to
the secretary of the Board of Civil Ser
vice Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
San Francisco.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Creditors of Jacob Holle, a plumber
of this city, filed a petition yesterday
in the United States j District Court
asking to have him declared an In
voluntary bankrupt They allege that
on November 30 he conveyed to hig
sister, Lina Heine, a piece of real
estate on the southwest corner of
Twentieth and York streets, and that
on another date he conveyed to other
persona his plumbing tools, gas engine
and certain contracts, all with Intent
to hinder, delay and defraud credi
tors.
/ Voluntary petitions were filed as fol
lows: Charles Wood, peddler, Los Gatos,
liabilities $1763, assets $1168. .His
creditors are sixty 'in number. Henry
T. Marshall, Benicia, carrier, liabili
ties $596, no assets; Walter M. Bird,
railroad clerk, Oakland, • liabilities
$1425, no assets. Mr.. Bird has eighty
six creditors.
Steffens Has No Attorney.
Adolph Steff ens, who was arrested^
In Los Angeles, appeared before^ Judge
Lawior yesterday for, arraignment. He
was Indicted by the Grand . Jury for
fraudulently voting at the last pri
mary election, but fled before the in
dictment was; filed. He informed the
Judge yesterday that he was not rep
resented by counsel and the. Judge
continued his arraignment for a week
to enable him in the meantime to se
cure the aid of counsel, t It is said
that Steff ens feels hurt at not being
treated : the same as CharlesjWyman,
indicted for the same offense/ and it
is expected that he will make import
ant disclosures. ' •
RATE OP POSTAGE
on
THE CHRISTMAS CALL:
Domestic .. . . . . . . . .5 cents
Foreign .' . . . ... ; . . . 9 cents .
-, Domestic postage Includes all
points in the United States^
/Mexico, Hawaiian islands, Phil-
ippines, Porto Rico, Canada and
Guam.
Mail this sumptuous paper to
your friends in 'the East . and
. abroad.
: CHINESE DEMAND REVIEW; !
OF JUDGE FRITZ'S ACTION
■-■■ •-.:=;. • — ■ ■ \
Apply for writ of Certiorarl Against
Forfeiting: $8300 in
Prisoners* Ball Bonds.
The action of Police Judge Fritz on
Friday in declaring forfeited $8300 in
bail bonds given by the Chinese who
; were, arrested in the Chinatown gam
! bling raids, will be reviewed by the Su
perior Court. With Chin Kim You as
affiant for the eighty-two Celestials,
Attorney George D. Collins yesterday
applied for a writ of certiorari. which
was made returnable v before Judge
SIoss on December 23. .
It is contended In the "affidavit that
the 'arrests were without warrant and
that the bail was given for the release
of the prisoners and for no other pur
pose. At the time no order had been
made fixing bail and no complaint had
teen filed until long after the bailfor
release had been given. The Chinese
Mere arraigned and pleaded not guilty.
Ah Buck was the only one tried and
convicted. December 14 was fixed as
the day for judgment and sentence and
then continued until Friday^ on jvhich
day. it is said, all of the defendants ap
peared by counsel, but their bail was
dt-clared forfeited because they did not
appear in person. It is declared that
they were not ordered to appear for
identification and have had no rea
sonable opportunity for appearing for'
trial, .e^ ; s '
MURDBRER3 NOT YET SENTENCED —
Frederick Tobleaaa and G«or*» Beae», each
convicted by i Jury in Jndga Donne** conn
on a cnarre o? ranrferiae his wife, appeared
fcr sentence yesterday. Judge Lawlor, In the
at^raee or Judge Donna, continued the Toble-
I^ I1^ ca * e i 1U Jaa ««y 3 and the Benes case
till Deceaib-r 24 on motU» of th« attorneyi
fcr each defendant. - — .
that will last longer— nothing that will be such a constant daily reminder of the donor as furniture. . / \ \ ''Vifh
Furniture for presents need not cost more than trinkets. We've articles to suit all purses. I 1 \ fj;U \\
Credit makes another difference. It enables one to buy the kind of a present, a worthy present, without U*^~S I '// / ; M
depleting the purse. I— »j -- J^j H
W^^^^^^^^^P €\f Ml^^'^^^^S PARLOR DAINTY AS A LIBRARY I
And what 13 more A worthy pres- STXX*. 87.5O. QUARTER"SAWED OAK good fortune to g^J, ££* to receive. Pel- |
acceptable. Thla enL Royally wel- *^otic« how those RIJFFFT fS27 00 meet with. Quar- straight line in it V sh « d quarter- |
««-»»,-- >,,« a^ «««,- \.i** n -»~ ari ? 8 curve down. DUri Ll, «pf /.UU. ter-sawed grolden —a composition sawed oak. «»*el* E
,one haa broad come. Mahogan- ,nd outward from , oak or ma^ o?an . of " curveV; 13- " wea 08lt ' 8aelZ ' |
spreading arms, ized birch, polish- t £f, ck - b^ a^? e * AH quarter-Sawed, front, top, Ized birch, richly Inch top. Tour below, wide draw- l\
high and restful ed. Full spring ftS? bStater? la ' -j • * j 11 "% ' . ' .*? polished. 28-inch choice of bird's er &ateA legs> [h
back, deep spring seat., upholstered Se &&: ™cW? Sides and all. Canopy top, With top: heavy brass eye maple, ma- "'is 24x5*
seat. Polished f .f tv " "" t^-oi carred; saddle sftap- _ K^vpIpH Frpnrb oJatp mirror claw feet clatch " hogany or quar- To I> is 24x34 M
golden oak or. ma- to BUks or heral- u Quarter- a De^ elea - 1 rencn mirror lng crystal balls, ter-sawed oaJe. Inches. F-l
hogany finish. die tapestries. sawed, pollsted oak. extendinET the full Width. TOO _ . • L ■ • H
■ • r ■ ru ' ♦_.»,. » «^^ *.-3 Every quaint and attractive shape m tables 13 H
Arm rockers to suit every purse. Some at J3.00— beau- mcefora Uiriatmas present; here. Name something unheard of and we'll show [1
li e pric? me S i Hardly possible. it to you. |
.■•Si ~ PARLOR DESK, Roman Chair, $5.60 VS-m-TYm.— THE DIVAN, $9.75. I [j
•-■ DAMrnr fablob ■::■'•'. -:' : - t *\j nn One or two more this ohe. .... ■»«■>▼»«»■■._ I!
CHAJB. 87.75. ..^W.W. presents, of this kind 82O.OO. Now, don't jud R e its worth SxT^iaSoT |]
; G °° d , h St^ ng " PhO1 ' Dainty design, made of f^J^JZr * "^ price, for that has I
stery. the kind we're so , J 6 ' . lnvitmR parlor. mahogany, rich nothing to do with it. daSitily turned if
proudTof. Spring seats polished quarter - sawed . Polished frames, silk grained and gen- • . s Sd ctmi ll
upholstered in the dain- oak. One of 195 styles. coverings,; The stand- c£ai French 1 he coverings are all silk French-plate if
tiest of silks. Come just to look at ard °* excellence is plate mirror, set and a beautifol silk at that. SJlTTt Chrtatl H
mS 3 ' "&££" tt o?" desks. You'll see some- ™»^^ beneath front Upholstering that will re- . SAr^th^tf-J
thi "K> u hadn ' 1 thou * ht webbing, good filling tain its shape and youthful- . gf* •g^J I
years. of before. , . and "know-how.". to see it ness. Bee> jj
x&Z '; tr^^W, *J °^^~^1^S^^-^=^n^L / gbows polks ssotxia>-s"T mo- \k}$[ . f*°% »« .- ca -; \ U
■'■ K L •■^-^-^-~ X £2 ~~7*jr LADIES' SEWING CTHECD'S MOB- CHUB'S SOCI- R|/nE ' ' f'
Pi I ?# TABLE, Sl^.OO. BIS CHAIS. EH^ S1 g. tgg] i, Z> j «. -~?- f 9 \\
V \-:.r^m < „ PEDESTALS— Per lamp or Vm , nntrYlt tn oon n11 , .Sr».(JO. **•-» »i.o«. TT 4^<-4_ jj
■'- ' ,-<■*¥< • hnst or statuette— or for lou ought to see a11 As perfectly r=ade A rocker will Iwrfi . / £ •J?~tZ> \\
J L__l'- IlLL Christmas sriyin*. the conveniences it con- «* id th | PJ*?jJ» please them— that Q M i r>^* }i
S^UsS^iJ^iSSr Quarter-sawed polif?hed oak. tains; compartments for gma ii a small ls - Pn e H^e this- ■*«Q. : Tk " ! J^Jfll "^ — M
V-T-mf^rnrf Pffff and thG column is 5 inches in everything. Then ifs^o jtrown person would '« graved back. ' "j-\ \\
. •¥_ 1 CT^ 3 diameter. , . * * ntr .*ni, h A .,.f«#..i k»«,, find "it splendidly wood seat. stcrutl> » Cf JV' II
V s * li* 1 -Z-OTTB CHOICE Or THESE, daintily beautiful— beau- comfortable; if not bolted arms. A V) V I!
- .-* &3.OO. . <•? tiful design, wood, polish, beneath hla dignity, rocker . to last. " " ' H
CHINA CABINET, S2.1.00 POHU'lViiLT WO MAIL OB TEUPHO1TI! OBDEB3 WILL BE ACCEPTEJ) pniniT..».— H
Give her a China Cabinet POB Alrr ABTICLE MENTIONED IN THIS ADVESTISEMENT. BOOK CASTE M
this year— see how, well I ,q t ... — AWO SXST. S27.OO. *j
filled it will be 'next Christ- so many pretty thtnsrs in the china ware department; all bright ind - Rounded class door, rich %-*
-, mas? Selecting Is easy here, . acceutalile at Christmas. ■■_,'.. carvins and an unusually i
for there are no poor de- f r ." - Cnocolate Sets, 82.95 1 upward. China Tea Sets. Glr« m .ladr . handaome- design.. Six feet i
Bims and ail arp.M falrlr dainty ' china - and r you're muxe to please ner. ; - high. 3« Inches wide: oak 3
- priced *s this 'on / Student Lamps. bEL complete with shade. Welsbacn burner and raa -% . and mahoganlxed birch. 3
.No, this isn't the cheapest : ■ things ; and pleasing. '_''■ . '. '{, eas?** 1 * sWea* 37 dow^* M
oneln'the atore.; ■ | O O gitt.no. j
k W^ J 1 i «' 1 f i^3^P 83 t I 1 t J I ft 1 VkM m -I I f m « m ■
TKUST PRO3IISES REPLY
TO PEYTON'S AFFIDAVITS
Da -Font Company Objects to Payinz
Assessment Without ; F.Taminmg
Chemical Concern's Books.
Another round in the fierce fight be
tween the Peyton' Chemical Company
and the powder trust was had in Judge
Kerrigan's 'court} yesterday morning
and ' the Du - Pont side succeeded In
getting, a postponement until Wednes
day In order to permit the preparation
of replies to the Peyton afildavits.The
attorne5-s for the chemical company
wanted the court to hear and deter
mine the validity of the assessment of
$10 a share, urging that ; there is little
time remaining until December 31,
when they, must pay the trust $113,000.
Attorney J. J. Barrett opposed this
proposition strenuously. "How do we
know whether to pay this assessment
or let the shares go. They will not
lot us examine their books.' We want
to know the condition of the corpora
tion. They want us to pay them
$30,000 so they can pay us what they
owe. Their confession that they can
not pay the debt Is an alarming no
tice, to the shareholders to Investigate
tha,condition of the company."
In support of the allegation that the
Du Pont Company is doing business in
this State' without . having compiled
with the law regarding the filing of
articles of incorporation, the Peyton
affidavit read yesterday cites that the
company has' acquired a majority of
the stock, of the California Powder
Works, 3000 of the Peyton Company's
shares, all of the stock of 'the Metro
politan Powder Company, a majority
of the shares of the California Vigorlt
Company and Judson Dynamite Com-
BLIND GIRL WILL SING
AT INSTITUTE EXERCISES
Lanra Barbee of Kan Franri«co I*
an Accomplished Mnsleian De
spite Her Affliction-
One of the most attractive features
of the entertainment to be gi^-i aJ
the Institute for the Deaf, Dumb and
Blind at Berkeley to-night will be the
Singing of Laura Barbee. Miss Bar
bee has been blind almost from birlh-
She entered the institution when she
was seven and will graduate in June,
an- acomplished young lady, * despite
her affliction.
Besides possessing a fine soprano
voice, Laura Earbee is a wonderful
violinist- She* is billed to sing 'The
Broken Pinion" at the institution's ex
ercises. Miss Barbee is the daughter
of the late Captain John Barber of
this city. After graduating from the
institute she will continue he- studies 1
iii rrusic.
A , good, clean, wholesome medicine,
pleasant and agreeable to take, no grip
ing, no pain. Lash's Bitters. •.
■ ♦ »
Sailor's Ootiies Stolen.
Three suits of clothes valued at $4»J
were stolen on Thursday from Kurt
Sebastian, a sailor on\ the German ship
Europa. Detectives Conlon and Mc-
Gowan yesterday arrested Charles
Piening on suspicion of being the
thief and locked him up in "the
tanks'* at the City Prison, pending de
velopments.
pany and has entered into contracts in
California, some of which have been
performed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VALUABLE STATUARY
FOI1 THE PORTLAXD F*
L«tvl* and Clark Exposition Slana^
ment Secures 3Icwt of the Attrac
tive Exhibits 1-rwm St. Louis.
POKTLJIXD. D*c. 17. — Statua
valucd at nearly a quarter of a railllr.
do!!an« has been secured at St. Loi-i
by the Lewis and Clark Expositi'i
and Is now beinjr packed for shipm»n
to Portland. Th«? list Included son
of the finest pieces that were shov
ai the Hi- Louis Fai- and *xtil a ?
greatly to the, maffniflcence of - th
beautiful grourt'ls. TCotable amon
the statue? is "Cowboj^."* the fansou
creation of Frederic -Reminjr.op..
In addition to the statues tw?lv
elaborately carved urns were secure
and these will be scattered about th
agricultural gardens and natura
park?. /
Nine descendants of Czj>t&in Meri
wither Lewis, the explorer, now r»
side within the borders of the Stat
which was opened up by the Lewi
and Clark expedition. Thesje niiv
descendants will visit the expositio:
to see the irreat demonstration i:
honor of their illustrious forbear
which will occur on Lewis day
August 12.
Sale of Canneries Asahi Postponed.
BELLDCGHAM. Wash^ Dec 17. —
The sale of the Pacific Packtsx aad
Navigation Company's assets ' to-day
■vras again adjourned after a. few szsall
bids had been received by the masters
in chancery. Unsold property In the
Alaska jurisdiction will be offered at
Juneau December 81 and in the "V7ash
ington Jurisdiction at Bellinghara
January 14.■ .,-^_._-_,-, . SEMEXTS - ~
I Dry Goods Company. I
C - g
I Tremendous Reduction!
• IN = - 8
I coiorSi Dress Patterns |
$ This sale is inaugurated to afford our patrons g
• an opportunity to purchase choice Dress Pat- • .
• terns for Christmas Gifts at most unusual prices • £
• NOTE THESE REDUCTIONS: 5
© Former Price Sale Price
| ! HJ[ DRESS PATTERN Reduced to $3 IMj 1
© c Tn 'rnf DRESS PATTERN Reduced to Jkh Ssbb 1
| f,yj} DRESS PATTERN Reduced to $7.50 I
I mill DRESS PATTERN Rednced to $10. 50 I
A - * •
| j^j D8ESS PATTERN Rednced to $15.00 |
• Remnants! Remnants! I
© We will place on sale our entire accumulation of short O
o lengths (l}4 to 5)4 yard pieces) in black and colors, at %
o LESS THAN HALF PRICE %
% SEE OUR DISPLAY WINDOWS 2
J i •
} CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY. |
O Geary and Stccttcn Streets, Union Squan. . . O
OFFICERS MOST
KNOW NEW RULE
May Add Four Companies to
the First Begiment of
Infantry, National Guard
Ai yet there has not been any
< hanK<? in the colonelcy of the First
I Jegiment of Infantry, National Guard,
for the reason that the colonel-elect,
Vmjor Filmer. has not passed before
the examining board. The examina
tion at this time Is different from what
it was in years past, for the examina
tion for all irradea of commissioned
oificers must be conducted so as to
meet the requirements of the revised
rules of the United States army.
During the current month, known
ADV JbarilgEMEXTS.
68- Page Book
and Trial Free
Cures All Uric Acid Diseases
-Kidneys, Bladder,
Rheumatism.
Prt* Treatment Troves tbe Cure; Tree
Illustrated Book Tells All About It-
Bead for Them Both To-Day*
To Reader* of the Call: If you or any
on* you know of is sufferlnr from a
<!»e«.»« of the kidneys, tne bladder or
any form of rheumatism, you are urgent-
ly Invited to send name and addreas to
ft a free trial treatment or a wonderful
con-alcobcnc discovery by the celebrated
Kidney Disease
Bl&dder Trouble
/ I D tin ■!-■■*
torw U tt« rlyrf ■ Fih AiU Wimrt Tkto
Will «rt 7»m 1 prwra U free.
French- American specialist. Dr. Edwin
Turnock, by which you can cure yourself
of any Uric Acid disease in a short time
in your own home and save the necessity
of an operation and the expense of doc-
tors and druggists, send for it If you
have Bright'* disease diabetes, dropsy,
gravel, weak back, stone In tbe "bladder,
enlarged prostate, frequent desire to urin-
ate, pains In the back, le?s, sides and
over the kidneys, swelling of the feet and
ankles, retention of urine, wetting the
bed, or such rheumatic affections as
ohronic, muscular or inflammatory rheu-
matism, sciatica, rheumatic lieuralgia,
.'nrr.bagro irout. etc It will promptly re-
move every trace of uric'add poison and
Its complications, etnp all aches, pains
1 and swellings, strengthen the kidneys and
the bladder eo that they will become nor-
mal again, and so revitallte and build up
the entire constitution as to make you
f^el as healthy and strong as in your
prime.
It did this for legions of others, among
thrm such well-known persons as Mrs
Martha Cok*r Tyler. Tex.: G. G. Rector.
Marshall. N. C; Mrs. Mack Devean
N'oarik. Conn.; Archibald Ritchie, Mt
Forest. Ont.. Can.; Mrs C IL Bweetland', I
Webster City, Iowa; Ph. J. Brown. Kelis-
pell. Mont.. RUd it will surely do it for
you. Write ta the Turnock Medical Co
2259 Bush Tcrapie, Chicago 111., and since
rvery free treatment is accompanied by a
€?-pase illustrated book going fully into
a!l the aetaila. it behooves you to send
your name and address promptly for these
free oft>rings. Do ko to-day sure, for you
rar.net Justly say .you are incurable- until i
>«>u have tru-d thlu really remarkable •
treatment, and as neither money nor even I
stamps are asked for. you should- certain- j
ly make a free test of it at onCe.
as "vacation month," there have not
been any regular drills in the ar
mories, but such will be resumed dur
ing the early part or January.
There Is a rumor to the eftect that
a short time after the First Infantry
Is under command of its new colonel
an attempt will be made to have the
four companies composing: the First
Battalion of Artillery, originally a
part of the First Infantry, return and
again make it a twelve-company or
ganization.
A picked crew from the batteries
in the Ellis-street armory is having
frequent drills with a new gatling gun
and the men are becoming quite pro
ficient In the work of handling and
serving the piece.
The military ball given at the Page t
street armory last Friday night by
Company B, First Regiment of In
fantry, under the auspices of a com
mittee composed of H. A. Evens, F. C.
Bordenave, W. Keenan. E. D. Stur
ges, O. A. Marshall. S. P. Russell. R.
E. Mlttlestadt, C. Sheehan and E. Ro
chat, with Captain TV. N. Kelly, First
Lieutenant John O'Keefe and Second
Lieutenant Alexander McCulloch as
honorary members, was well attended.
The hall was decorated patriotically
with the American colors in profusion,
corps flags and military emblems. The
order of dances included twelve num
bers with three extras, waltz, deux
temps and schottische. C. Sheehan
was the floor manager, with W. Kee
nan as assistant. The officers and
members of the company appeared in
the new uniforms recently issued.
Last week Colonel Wilhelm, inspec
tor of rifle practice on the staff of the
commander in chief, in company of
Captains Dlxon and Houts of the Fifth
Infantry, visited a rifle range site on
the Meecham tract, between Petaluma
and Santa Rosa, to be used by Com
pany C of Petaluma and Company E
of Santa Rosa, both of the Fifth.
There were present a number of men
interested in the National Guard. The
tract is reached by the electric line
between the two cities named. Colonel
Wilhelm declared that it is not only
admirably suited for two. three and
five hundred yard ranges, but can be
used for greater distances and for a
skirmish range. He declared it to be
one of th« best ranges in the State.
The rifle Inspector, accompanied by
Colonel Hayes of the Fifth Infantry
and Colonel-elect Filmer of the First,
together with a .number j of members
of both regiments, visited Glen Park,
in this city and county, with a view
to ascertaining If It can be used as a
rifle range for the San Francisco or
ganizations and some of those of the
Fifth Infantry located In nearby
cities. It was considered suitable for
the purpose and will be recommended.
The owner of the premises agreed to
arrange it' so as to meet all require
ments and he will charge but a nomi
nal rent for the same. ,
There will be three elections during
January. Major Haven will preside in
Company H of the Fifth in Napa at
an election for captain, vice Wright,
who failed "to quality, and for second
lieutenant, vice " Marios, resigned.
Major Curzon will preside in Company
E, Oakland, at an election for sec
ond lieutenant,* vice Johansen, re
signed. ' «
Major D. A. Smith will preside at an
election in Battery B. First Artillery
Battalion, January 23 for first lieu
tenant, vice Kneer. and for second
lieutenant, vice Howe, term of each
expired. ,
Account of Scott Estate.
The first account of Laura H. Scott
and Alice S. K. Smith, as executrices
of the estate of Irving M. Scott, was
filed yesterday and shows receipts
during- the year of $95,343 51, of which
151,600 was derived from, the sale of
236 United States Shipbuilding Com
pany bonds. The expenditures amount
to $94,782,' of which $20,400! was paid
to the'' widow for family allowance.' A
number of securities are still on hand
and among the" big claims 'approved 'is
one of. the First National Bank for
$86,742 " 'Hii'ilirffln
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY DECEMBER: 18. 1904.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD ?TR:ET, SAN FRANCISCO
Adjomlnar Call Bulldlnar.
OPEN EVENINGS
TILL CHRISTMAS
an inducements ,
for Xmas Buyers V
Don't fail to visit our store this
week. We offer many special holi-
day bargains and extra induce-
ments this week. Remember wo
have an Immense stock to select
from, and our prices are At WATS
much lower than quoted elsewhere.
SPECIAL S.EADEK THIS WEEK:
ladies' Vici Kid Sandals, with
hand-turned soles, two straps over,
instep and neat concave leather
heels. SPECIAL HOLIDAY
PRICE -.81.00
Sizes 2',£ to 8; widths B to EE.
Men's Fancy Plush Slippers
Very appropriate for a Christmas
gift. Made with hand-embroidered
plush vamps, quilted satin insoles
and patent leather heel foxings;
either straight sides or circular
heel quarters. ELEOAKT VAlitTE
— P&ICS OH17 75c
Sizes 6 to 12.
Children's Felt Juliets
A warm, neat House Slipper,
made of black beaver felt, with
elastic sides and patent leather
tips.
SPECIALLY KEDTJCED PRICES*
Childs' sizes. 8% to 11 0T»c
Misses* sizes. 11% to 2 75c
We Issue Christmas Shoe Orders
Patent Leather Kid
Cuban Heel Bluchers
' Cannot be duplicated elsewhere
less than $3.50: Ladles' Patent
Corona Kid Bluchers, with neat
extension soles, fine dull mat kid
tops and up-to-date plain coin
toes. No prettier style designed.
OUR MONEY-SAVINR PRICE . . .
SU.SO
Sizes 2% to 7^. Widths A to D.
Five-Strap Sandals
Neat, attractive" and very
dressy: Children's' and Misses'
Five-Strap Patent Leather San-
date, hand-turned soles and dull
mat kid tops. Widths B to D.
REDUCED HOLIDAY PRICES:
Childs' sizes. 6V3 to 8 SI. 15
Childs' sizes, 8*4 to 11... ..SI .$5
Misses' sizes. 11% toJ2. . . .$1.55
Pompon Boudoirs
• Ladles' Vlci Kid Hand-Sewed
Boudoir Slippers, made in black,
green ooze and , garnet red,' .with
large double pompons. Sizes 2%
to 7. SPECIAL REDUCED PRICE
— • .;.;..- • •• 05c
Men's Vici Kid Roineos;
Made for solid home comfort,'in
black * or dark tan vici kid. . with
neat broad plain toes and- low
sensible heels. Sizes "5% to 12.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY PRICE. . . : .':
V... -.;...•.:.•;..-.-...-.-...>:■•.•.. 81.25
MAIL ORDERS TILLED.
B KATSCHINSKI?
10 THIRD ST., San rrancisco.
GEDDES TAKES
A BOLD STAND
Noted 'Scotch Builder Gives
.... .. x
His Views. on the Proper
Development of Cities
HEALTHIER CONDITIONS
Says to Beautify '.a Town It
Is Not Necessary to" De
stroy the Old Buildings
LONDON, Dec." 17.— Although the
major part of it Is devoted to sn*ow
ingr-, how the ancient Scotch burg of
Dunfermline may be beautified and
rendered /a center of culture and. pro
gress, the aid of Andrew Carnegrle'e
generous donation to his native town,
Professor* Patrick Ge'ddes* report on
"City Development," recently : issued,
possesses far more than local Interest.
As Carnegie explained in placing the
money at the disposal of the Punterm*
line trustees, his purpose was an ex
perimental and general one.: "The
very problem you have to solve," he
said, '"is — What can be done In towns
for the benefit of the masses "By money
in the hands of the most public
spirited citizens?" It is an undertak
ing which appeals strongly ■ to those
patriotic residents of American cities
who are striving to prevent the sac
rifice of so much that makes life worth
living In big towns to sky-scrapers and
commercialism. A builder, an anti
quary, a garden-maker and botanist,
a man who has traveled far and ob
served much in both the old world
and the new, and a leader In the
science of social civics, Professor
Geddes is well qualified for the work.
"The world," he says, "Is now rapidly
entering upon a new era of civic devel
opment, one in which progress is no
longer described as in mere quantity of
wealth and Increase of population, but
Is seen to depend on» the quality of
these. The last generation has had to
carry out great works of prime neces
sity, as of water supply, sanitation and
the like. Elementary education, too,
has been begun, so that to some, even
pioneers of their day, our city develop
ment may seem well-nigh complete.
But a new phase of city development
has become urgent— that of insuring
healthier conditions, of providing hap
pier and nobler ones."
He takes a bold stand against those
who urge that to beautify an existing
town one must first destroy much of it.
"Instead of that merely antiquarian
respect of the scanty survivals of the
past, which is too often confined to the
particular century or period which hap
pens to seem romantic to us, I would
respect and preserve examples of the
honest and characteristic work of each
and every period, whether from our
present, point of view (also a passing
one) it seems to me beautiful or not.
For even if hot available In Its present
form for immediate use, I have once
and again found buildings too hastily
despaired of by others to be capable of
cleansing and repair, or of alteration
and incorporation with such new build
ings as may be required — in short, of
renewed usefulness and even beauty."
He attributes his success in various
works of Improvement which have
been carried out in Edinburgh under
his supervision In the last eighteen
years to the application of this prin
ciple. "Old buildings," he writes,
"first admired, in picturesque dljapi
datldrf' by the toTh-lsT*C"o"r antiquary,
then ruthlessly condemned as out of
date by the utilitarian, or unwhole
some by the Town Councilor, were of
ten found' capable of handling from a
point which harmonized the partial
truth of all these standpoints. Start
ing with the hyglenist, ' uncleanness
has first to be got rid of. Yet this not
necessarily by destruction. Decaying
matter and smells, the germs which
produce these,, are not in the stones
of the buildings, but are in the or
ganic dirt superficial to these. Cleanse
and disinfect in this way and the old
building may become wholesomer
than the average nineteenth century
one, with its imperfect drainage and
other defects. After cleansing and
mending, the antique building is
frankly adapted to its modern uses,
with sanitation, electric light and all.
and though in this process a shock is
sometin»es given to the merely roman
tic spirit, an ultimately truer and bet
ter artistic result is * reached, espe
cially when, with, use and weathering,
the new elements have harmonized
into the old."
A striking example of this recovery/
and preservation of the picturesque '
was afforded by the treatment of a
garden entrance In old Edinburgh.
When Professor Geddes took hold of
it it was an eyesore— an unsightly
blank wall with a little door in it. By 1
the lowering and balustradlng of this I
retaining wall the staircase, before hid- 1
den, was pleasingly revealed, and the,
provision of railing and shrubbery com- 1
pleted the transformation. The removal '
of the unsightly and the preservation
of the picturesque and antique — with!
artistic additions where necessary— is i
most happily shown in Professor Ged
des' scheme for the improvement of
old . Monastery street, Dunfermline.
Professor Geddes even ventures to I
criticize adversely the work done by
the great Haussman In remodeling
Paris and substituting broad boule
vards for its labyrinthine streets.
"Viewed from the street," he says, "the
apparent -;; advantage in directness of
communication, in access of . light and
air, Beems obvious and unquestionable,
but a more Intimate acquaintance with
the city and Its people from within re
veals the fact that despite the modern
rise of wealth the average Parisian
household has actually less living room
in the new "tenements than before • in
the old, and this at far greater cost for
rent and taxes.
"The decline both In number and
quality of population, which has at
length so deeply impressed the mind
of, France 1 and ?of the world, is now
seen to have been In "• no small meas
ure accelerated by, these costly im
provements.;. Moreover, with fuller
knowledge L of .the city and 'its health
statistics / one sees that the broader
streets, .the ; superficial spaciousness,*
are dearly purchased by the loss of
the ample courts, the old gardens
which lay ..unseen within. For .; to
have to . play in the dusty air of the
street is one main factor In tne weak
ness of town children."'
o The conclusion he reaches "on this
point is of peculiar interest to Ameri
can municipalities, where the substi
tution of new build ings for old in
crowded ■ sections is constantly urged.
"The moral of all this," . he writes,
"Is , a very simple one, yet not fully
adopted r into ■ the f policy of ■•• any imV
proving city, that to lessen dirt, over
crowding" and the rest we should ; not
merely relieve our feelings and im
prove appearances by demolitions,
even » followed : by; imposing rebuilding,
but as , far. as may ■ be improved the old
and build ; new.; quarters : beyond; ; so
slackening -the -'.pressure -of popula
tion upon habitation, not increasing
it.",;v ,;:■;".•'■• -•-■' •:%:-.■ - : •.-...;.;•-.•.•,-
\ Professor , Geddes 1 scheme for. the 'im
provement : . of \: Dunfermline i Is . by vno
means, restricted ito; beautifying It and
making ; amble - provisions for ' healthful
I Srrl I LilitIS I lilAS rStrSrN I S IbHr
Brass Beds . . . $22.00 Center Tables. . .$3.50 Buffets $30.00 nfljjSffipj^uL'S
Princess Dressers $12.50 Shaving Stands . $16.00 Ladles' Desk . . . S6.00 L^ffe^S^rS^I
Music Cabinets . $10.00 Parlor Ch3lr . . . $5.00 Morris Chair . . $10 80 ijESH^oKflLflal I
1 7?/£ oi05srj#/>/fter/?&/A£^/7/tfjy/r//tt//0itt///r///s c/ot pn«i§jf^i
JUDGES DESIRE
BETTER INCOME
Lawyers Join Movement to
/tress Measure Before
the Coming Legislature
, With duties more arduous than those
that fall to the lot of the Judges in
the rural counties, and subjected to the
higher cost of a metropolitan living,
some of San Francisco's Superior
Judges have determined to make an
other effort to have the Legislature in
crease their salaries. Judge Graham
Is said to have Inaugurated the pres
ent movement which was advanced on
Friday by a meeting of legislators, law
yers and Judges In Judge Kerrigan's
chambers. Among those present were:
Representatives Anthony and Tread
well, Senator Lukens of Alameda, for
mer Judge Charles W. Slack, Attorneys
Matt Sullivan. J. J. Barrett; C. S.
Wheeler and W. S. Goodfellow.
Judge Murasky made a talk favoring
the Increase, calling attention to the
outside counties, which are N paying
$4000 a year to the men on the bench,
while the Judges of San Francisco, Ala
meda and Los Angeles counties are do
ing much more work and obliged to pay
more for their living.
It was thought that the Superior
Judges should receive a little less than
the Supreme Judges, but that the raise
need not apply to all of the counties.
'The San Francisco members could start
the bill In the Legislature and other
counties that approved of It could join.
A thorough canvass will be made to find
supporters among the lawmakers and
members of the bar and another meet
ing will shortly be called.
Before the last session Judges Kerri
gan, Murasky, Seawell and Lawlor
fathered a movement for a raise of
salaries, but the effort was not guided
through the legislative shoals at Sac
ramento. /
INTERNATIONAL STEEL
COMBINAXtpN FORMED
British. French, German and Belgian
Makers Join With Trust
In America.
LONDON, Dec. 17.— Confirming the
report of the formation of an Interna
tional sleel rail; pool, a telegram from
Barrow says: ("The agreement, which
t was signed by all the representatives
i of the British, French, German and
| Belgian makers, extends for a period
I of three years and is likely to include
' makers over certain zones.
MLt was felt '. that the European agree
! ment left the door open for severe
American competition, so overtures
were made, though not so much on the
question of price as on the zones to be
allotted to the European and American
makers, respectively.
; A scheme has been mapped out and
practically agreed; on both by the
Continental combine and the United
States <3teel Corporation. It is antici
pated tti*at the new pool will come into
operation January 1, and under its
auspices it' is expected that the price
of heavy rail sections, now 85 shillings
per ton, will be lifted to 100 shillings.
The combined interests of all the large
steel ' mills 6f the four countries .will
be settled in a London office, through
which all the business will pass and
from which orders will be allotted.
Chapter Elects Officers.
/Mission Chapter. No. 79, Royal Arch
Masons, has elected the following of
ficers for the ensuing: term and these;
together/' with those to . be appointed,
will be ? installed January . 19 !n Mis
sion Masonic Hall : ; - "Warren* E. Mur
ray, -most eminent. high : priest; Rich
ard S. Allen, king; Christian Hellwlg,
treasurer (re-elected) ; John R. Hlll
man, 1 secretary (re-elected).
recreations and ; amusements. It pro
vides ; for colleges, - schools,: open-air
museums, 'centers of social and intel
lectual culture ; and - other ' institutions
which \will i make , the old burgh a" mini
ature v Athens s brought up- to date. If
the i scheme is : carried ; out Dunfermline
will i bless ' the f day when 1 ; Andrew .Car
negie > chanced - to be ■ born there,, and
other cities will profit by her exajnnl*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LEPERS APPEAIj FOR
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS
Unfortunates at Hospital Send letters
Urging That They Be Not For
gotten Tills Season.
Deputy Health Officer Louis Levy
isjn receipt x of two pathetic letters
from unfortunate inmates of the
Leper Hospital, who appeal to the
generous people of this, city to re
member them during the Christmas
holidays. The letters are as follows:
"December 16. 1904.
"Dear Mr. Levy: As the merry
Christmas days draw near, making
glad the hearts of old and young In
the outside world from which /we are
barred by the affliction which our
Maker has seen fit to place on us, we
still have a longing to share In the
general rejoicing. There are many
generous souls In this city who, if
their attention were called to our sit
uation, would gladly assist in making
this a truly merry Christmas for ir».
treatment here Is all we could
desire; still we have a wish to be re
membered by the outside world, thus
proving that we are not entirely for
gotten. God bless those who in for
mer years have been kind to us, and
may his hand guide them through
.this long journey of life is the wish of
"L. COULON."
Another letter from "Old Lena,"
who has been an Inmate nearly a
score of years. Is as follows:
"December IS. "
"Dear Mr. Levy: I would like to
have some records for the disk ma
chine wlilch we have here at the hos
pital. I had a hard time In getting
enough money to buy the machine,
so that I had little or no money left
to purchase records. As this is all
the enjoyment I have I feel lost and
therefore look to some kind hand to
reach out and supply this long felt
want. Wishing : you a merry Christ
mas and a happy New Tear, I am
"Yours respectfully,
"LENA GRIMM."
If gifts are sent to the Board of
Health rooms. City Hall, they will be
sent to the Leper Hospital. Clothing,
books and periodicals are acceptable.
JACK LONDON WILL LECTURE.— J»ek
Lordon the author, will lecture to-nlyht at
the Alhambra Theater before the Socialists
on the robject of "Scabe." wwijjw
THE WHITE HOUSE
Orders
Issued
FOR
GLOVES
\
OPEN EVENINGS until XMAS
. C0R.P0ST* Kearhy Sts*
RATE OP POSTAGE
on
THE CHRISTMAS CALL:
Domestic 5 cents
Foreign 9 cents
Domestic postage Includes all
points in the United Suites,
Mexico, Hawaiian I-lamK Phil-
ippines, Porto Rico, Canada and
Guam.
Mail this sumptuous paper to
yonr friends in the East and
abroad.
HOBSOX SUES ANOTirER.
GCT-RICH-QUICK CONCERN
Says the Royal Mercantile Company
Has Collected More Than $80,000
From Contract-Holders.
H. F. Hobson's weekly, contribution
to the stack of litigation against the
so-called get-rich-quick concerns ap
peared yesterday in a suit against the
Royal Mercantile Company. James W.
Butler, L. Peiser. William Kobman. J.
C. Cairns, W. A. llerrals. E. J. Gillen
and A. E. Coolot.
The complaint contains the usual al
legations of Illegal and fraudulent
business and says that more than 1200
contract-holders have p^.id $60,000 to
the concern on promises of doubling
their money. It Is charged that the
members of the company have misap
propriated for their own use more
than $15,000. It is said, too, that the
Commonwealth Realty Bond Company
has been organized to take over the
assets of the Royal Company.
Judgmerit for $80,000, the appoint
ment of a receiver and an Injunction
preventing the transfer of assets and
records of the company are asked for.
Ready for Distribution.
The first and final account of Ad
ministrators • H. A. Smith and A. T.
Corbus and their petition for th« dis
tribution of the estate of Caroline
Smith de Santa Marina were filed yes
terday. It is reported by them that
$137,131 28 has been received during
the administration, of which $99,840 40
remains for division among the heirs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3738
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall street stocks close irregular, but about steady.
Cotton market showing more firmness.
Local stocks and bonds not materially changed. •
Shipment of $1,416,338 in specie to China,and Japan.
Xczv York and Sterling Exchange advanced. Silver firm.
Bank clearings gain $2,600,000 over lest year.
Wheat quiet and unclianged. Barley active and firm.
Oats held higher. Corn freely offered and lower.
Oriental orders impart more strength to hay.
Bran, Middlings and Rolled Barley very firm. Beans dull.
Potatoes steady for good stock and weak for poor. Onions quiet.
Poultry and Game zvell cleaned up.
Fruit market well supplied and featureless.
Butter very firm and advancing. Eggs and Cheese also firm.
Provisions quiet and unchanged everywhere.'
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs still in light demand. V
Bank Clearings.
L<ocal Bank Clearings for the week Ju«t
ended, compared with the corresponding week
of last vear. show a gain or $2,011,909, being
$33,312,004. against $30. 700. €55 in 1J<C3. Tht
clearings darir.g the same week in 1902 were
$S2.425,«».
Stocks and Cotton. !
The New York wires of E. P. Hutton & Co.
yesterday said:
STOCKS — Th«re was continued great
strength to tb* securities market in to-day's
short session, the steels being the feature. Good
railroad r.ock* continue to be well bought,
though not aggressively. Just before the close
word cam* from Boston that steels and copper
would be attacked by the Boston speculator
early next week, resulting in a email selling
movement. Regardless of whal copper may do.
w« b-Iieve the steels will be protected vlgor
oualy by interest* here, end we would prefer
to buy rather than to sell these securities on
any sharp d«chnes.
COTTON— On better cables than looked for
our market opened from 8 to 14 points up.
which was about due. World's movement of
cotton is falling off. There are still people
to-day »elllnj cotton short who ware buying I
cotton at 10 cents, and with receipts much
larger but they ■ are doing it on the theory j
that the cotton In In the country and by de
rreralng futures they can force it out If it is
there. As <o the amount of cotton held back,
this may b« somewhat emaller than has been
figured on. and should this be true and farm
ers stand by this cotton, no doubt this will
cause holders to hesitate. The movement
from now on must be a. great increase over
last »ear to show anywhere near the Govern
ment figure*
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money 3Iarket.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17. — Money on call was 1
ncrrdnal; no loans. Time money was easy, with
•fictF day*, ninety days and six months at
31,4?."% per cent. Prime mercantile paper.
464'j W cent. Sterling exchange was strong-,
with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 S750 for demand and at 54..S48C@4.64M '. for
*ixty-day bills. Posted rates. $4 85^64, 8S.
Commercial bills. $4 S4Q4 S4^. Bar sMver.
a-»c. Mexican dollars, 4*iic. Bonds— Goy-J
ercment, steady; railroads, firm.
Net*- York Stock List.
E. V. Hutton & Co.. 4»'J Calilurnia street.
San I-*rancUco. merot>ers of the New 1'orJt
fctock Kxchange. furnish the "following clnctal
cruotations of that Exchange : . . -
'baTesTi STOCKS. lUiehiLow.l iild. j Ajk.
{ Adams Express. .j.: ...1 23C j23<>
::.'.t«i" Air.uls Copper.. | «>Ul *7^s, *l«'H| <J7^i
( Am Cian Co ; ;.....; lt%t 12
j Do p«i 1 .'.". ..)...:.', 01 4 «1 '.4
;Am CarAfVCoj 33Vi| U3 | K»Ul 3o«,,
3W>! Do i>id j V2»i V1*A\ sttsi »::••*
;Am Cotton Oil..! .[-.•.] 35^, r S«
i Do Pfd .......i t.-.--1 »• ! W
.» '.;Am Dlst Tel ...j..'.i.l.....| 37'iiS8!i
100' Am Express :2»j» ! «it20»? t |3u9 (212
' 20»'Am Gr Twine Co; 11**1 H^lll^illTi
r .,Am Hide & L..j; j t 1OK*! Il>rs
200, Do pfd I 45 | 45 1 44? 4 j 4.1
2.4uO!Amtnc»n ice ..'• H | 7«4i 7%i 7%'
600, Do pfd j 3Ui 2 ; 3» iK-i! 3a
;Am Linseed i j...\ -i 15^ | 18 ',-
j Do prd ; ] t :*7 I 41
I «00 Am Locomotive .j 32U j 33 j 33 ) 33 «i
■ 200, Do pfd 1 ;1O2«4|H>2 -.lclVi.lWJ 1 *
1.400, Am Malt j 7\| I«t| I«*l 7i 4 1
UOt'j Do ind I 27HI 2«»? 8 i 2«>i,! 26»« 1
2.4OO,Am «rn&UrCo.| bOi,| SO'*! '• »1t I ' *OS
200) Do t..l !U3'2J113U|H- <H3ii
3.500 Am J-u<,ar ;142 |14V5ajl4OSi|141
I Do 1 .d ! 1 1136 I14W
Am Tel &. T Co.|..::. . il4<* |l45
Il.900.Am Woolen ..,.) 21Va' 21 21. 21*i
100, Do j>fd i w3 j 9.1 '.« 'M
2, 5(X5 Anaconda ,10C»4lHH J102 104
3,<«iO,Ann Arbor } ; 32 - | 34
2W Do pfd 1 j C! I 6tJ
9>.»>,A T & 8 F I 85% I 8T> ( 85m *•"•'*
S>iOi Do prd Ii«."tS l"-'j I' 1 - 1 - '"-'•»
4.100,Bait *. Ohio ilOl !lW |K«^ilOO>4
Do pfd U5Vi| 96
Ray Male Gas..! ( -'S. , 'i !
10.200B R T I 61ft 59:-;l Z<J % CO
Brook Un Gas.. I.... 208 1213 ;
Bruns D & I.... 11»; 11%
JButterick Co ...| 1 60 63"
'Canada So ! | 70 71
S.O00:Canadian l>ai-lflc i:tl',:iSu», wo, no 7 i
2,6O0|C & 0 4SU" *8 I 48U 46VJ
SOOC & A I 43 '42 42li 424
i Do pfd I ! ! 78 83
jC & E I pfd j I lUS^i 1*.
6.900C & G W ; 23 | 22'il 22^! 22%
. 3OU Do |»fd A Co C5 I 64 65
I Do pfd B 351;] 35U.
100 Do debs ! W 8« 1 85 bSii
1.60O C & N W I2O7 1204 |2O5ti 207'
7.4OO;C M & St P |170% 16fl«4 ll«»% \\K>%
S00| Do pfd ... lKJ 118-1 |182 ! 184'
17,«<JO'C Rl&P <new)j 33«; 33 33 I 3SVs
f Do pfd I 63>£J 84
I Do 4s I SOU 804
- lOO.Chicaco Term . 12'^ 12Vi 12 ! 12»i
ZWiOl Do pfd I 21%| 21»4! 21Vi 21«4
100 Chi Un Trac.) 111^1 HJii l\u. J»
I Do pfd 1 4rt " 45
SOOC C C & St L.. 90%! 90>4i 80% 9OSJ
) Do pfd ! ....114 115
'Cleveland L «r Wj 65 go
I Do pfd 80 120
5,100 Coin Fuel & Iron 46% 40 46 4CU
I Do pfd ' R5 00
IColum H C & I 1 17U 17>i
400|Colo Southern... 22*«! 22% 22»i 22%
Do lrt Dfd 1 67 SS
Do 2d pfd I X5 35«
1.100 Consolidated Gasi202 Iroit* 201 »4 202
200,Cont Tob Co pfd|12SV4!l2S% 12S " 130
1 .son! Corn Products ..21 I 21 20% 21
ZOO) Do pfd 7SHI 78»i 7R% 7»
300^1 & Hudson .. 186 US5ii 1S5 1S5%
......|D L & W 1 3.10 340
D tt n <i .11 32
200 Do pfd KSVi * s *»"% SSU
100 Detroit tTn Ry.. 78 78 77^ 1RV,
GOODetrolt Southern 7% 7 7 -*£
Do pfd 30. 30i;
; Diamond Match. ..■> 135 137
1.7001 DiFtllling Secu.. S8 37% 37^ 38
.'.....( Do bonds 24",; 25
r.00 Duluth S S A A 13 12H 12>i 14'4
1.3O0 Do pfd 25 22% 22>| 25
2l.2rtO!Erli» I 37% 37 36% 37
2.000 Do 1st pfd ... 75 74% 74% 74*
»0O Do 2d pfd ... 56 j M% 55U 55*:
200 E & T H I e6 66 C6 07
Do pfd J R(> 8.1
Ft W & D C... 37 <5
General Chemical! CO e5
I Do Pfd 1 100 105
l,200!General Electric. 1 1R6% 1S5 1S6 187
200*Great North pfd 1235 235 230 240
IGreen Con Cbp 27 27%
[Havana Tob Co 31 34
.'.. Do pfd 41 45
SOOlHocklog Valley. 01U 00 90% 91M
» SOOl Do pfd «2% 5>2?4I »2% 31*
4.300!llllnols Central.: 155U 154%llM%ll54H
»0f»: Interns t Paper.. 24*4 24U.I 24% 24«1
500J Do pfd 77* 77^177% 77%
llnternat Power.. C2% 63
200'Intemat Pump.. 40% 40% 33 41
I Do pfd 85»i as
600!lowa Central ..29 29 28V 23 U,
I Do Pfd .'.."■% 56%
..(Kanawha & Mich 36 38
IK C Ft SAM pfd 1 81% 82
»00(K C Southern ...I 28 V t 2fl% 29 29%
500] Do pfd ......154% 63% 63% 54
tKeokuk A Des M .....I 15 16
I...'..!L*clede Ga« pfd. 1 [ .1 90 95
1,500 Lake Erie & W. 41 38 . 38% 40U
1 Do pfd 85 103
(Long Island \: 67 ' 62
7.4O0X.4 N 141%fl4O 140 . 140%
30rt Manhattan 164 |163<4116.1*: 164
IManhat Beach j j 9% 11,
.iMetro Secur I \77\i 78
l^OOlMetrop St Ry... 121%jl2O%|12ni4 1 12n%
l.oooiMexlcan Ont .. 21%l 21%! 21% 21%
300'Mlnn & St L.... 64 ) 63>4l 6.1% 64%
I Do 1st pfd ...j 93 100
.2O0'M 6t P A S 8 M. 00 «HJ| 89 89U
100| Do pfd - .". 146 1146 (146 . 147
l,.V'i'Mn Kan & Tex. 31% 31 I 31Vi 31%,
1.2OO! Do pfd I 63T4I «3i;i A1%i 63%
9,<V¥>!Mis«iourl Pac ...|IOS%!lO7S 1107 %\\m
2OOiNash Ch A St L.I147 145UI14S 1147
lOOlNational L«ad...i 23%) 23%l 23 1 24
1 Do pfd ....... ..:..! I 99; 1100
lOOiNtl RRofM pfd| 40$ t 40UI <0 41
TOOlNat Biscuit I 50% I 56%! 66ft | 57
Do pfd ....: ....'[lie ,116%
1OO N J Central |1M»H|1S«% 1»» !«*>
WOOIN Y Air Brake.. 1160 158 159% 160 '
8.HOON Y Central J141 .|13»Vj 140»i 14O«5
100JN T C A'St L. .1 44 44 43% 45
I Do 1st pfd ....|. 110 120
I Do 2d pfd (.... 75V4 78 I
.......IN T Dock | 18^ 24. '
«O(»:n Y N H & H.. 1197% 107 il97U 108H I
1.7OO N Y Ont & W..| 44 H 4.im 43 V4 43%
. 3.000 Nor & West.... 7»% 78 Vi "8 "8U
I Do pfd 92>4 »4>£
• 200,North Amer 101^ 101 KtO^ 101%
:North«rn S*cur.. 130 128% 128% 129};
6.000:Omaha 150 150
| Do pfd 187 103
O S L 4s j... 103% 104
Pacific Coast .'.] | 75&I 77%
Do 1st pfd 1 | 98 |10*
< Do 2d ptd | HtV, 83%
4i «» Pacific Mail .... 44% 44 M, 44 44 »<,
25>,8n<»iP^nn U R Co...|137 ii:?«S 13«% 138T*
l,300,Peoples Gas ;106% 10«Vi 103% 107
Pere JUarquett* | 75 80
P C O 4 St L..1 1 76 78
Do pfd | 105 107
l.lOOiPressed Steel C. 33%) 39Vi 39 39%
100| Do pfd I OOiJ OO14 90 I 90Vi
IOOjPullman Car Co. '233 |233 233 i235
2>«O,Ry Stl Spgs Co.. I 32 ! 32 31 32
2UOj Do pfd j I 9Hi »1 »O »1
21.3Or>;Readlng ! 10% 78t,i 7«V* 78%
Do 1st pfd I S9 fK>v«i
l«0 Do 2d pfd . . . . I S2 82 82 83
1.700 Republic S & I.. 1«U| 15% 15«,4 16
400 Do pfd «SH "flStt 68 «SVi
100 Rubber Goods .. 27 27 2«% 27
! Do pfd .- 83^ »5
lOOiSlou Sh E&l Co. I 60% 6OTi «0^ 61
1(»V, Do pfd ilO3 103 100 103
!St J & G I f 15 17
Do 1st r-fd } &5 S8
I Do 2d pfd.. 24. 28
|StL& SF 1st pfd! :.... 75 I 7«
6<V)| Do 2d pfd 67% <j7>4I «7»ij «"%
40(ilSH L & S W.... 2T»H 25?i 25 | 25%
:5C0;St L & S W pfd 58 ■ 57% I 57 | 58
. 11..10O": Southern Pac... «3% t'2% 62% 62%
«i.lC«, Southern Ry.... S5^ 34%| 34%| 35
|So Pacific pfd... 11SH 11HW11SM. 118'4
2M,Sonth Ry prd... »6% OGU1.'-:."
'Standard Oil J» 633:- 638
(Standard R & T. 3U 4
2.500'Tenn C & I.... 72% 71 71 7m
|Tex P L T Co.. .': .'. 38»4 39
1.4C0:T»xas Pacific. ... ,35\i 34% 34%| :ii% i
."......'Third Ave. ...... I 131 1133
«t<»i r & T" co :.....:... 22«jr»«
St L & w S6TA 36%t ar.m 36%
200;T St. L & W pfd! 54 »4 5» 5^4! 54%
' lWO.Twin C.tj* K T..I1O0V* H»!i 105^1107
Twin C K T pfd 104 105
'L'tiion Baz Si Pi 10 . 11
.......iUnlon B & P pfdi... | : 70 75
2O.7OC!rnlcn Pacific. . , r ;llliiil09t4lll0i; i ll<i5;
I'nion Pae pfd.,! P5%! 95%
.:..:..sr p com- 4's.. ....'.. ..... no%im
.; .,1'nltcd Copper.: ....'.. ..... '. 9< 11
Inlted Rds S .. P 2O 21%
".:.:'>.. • C UOs S P pfd.. •....;. 07 fiS
..'..'...!t;nlt«O R SF 4's S7% 88
roo;t: f cast 1 P...I i» 18% -18% 19
..'..:. .\V S Cast I P pfd Sd% 78% 7»% 80
....... r-S Express....... 117 125
122.100|i; S Leather..... 16 13?» 14% 14i«
■ 13.4O1HIT S Leather pfd 102% 101 . 101 y. 102
■ ' ftOCii; H Rubber-... 32% 32*; 32- 32»i
: ' . acC'IJ S Rubber pfd 03%| 93% as 95
7!>,700|U'S Steel Cor. .| SOVsl 29V« 29 K 29%
R2.W00 XT S Ste-1 Cor pfd 93 I 91% 91% 91%
."4jniVa-Car Cliem Co. 41^ 41Vi{ 41% 42
• J Do pfd 1112 113
:;«! Wabosh ..:..... 22% 22% 22% rJ%
1 700i\Vaba?h pfd-. ...I 44^ 43% 43% 44
iWabaeh dtb B f s C8 1 ,* C8%
We;is-I"areo Ex 237 J 249
SCO! Western I'nion.. 84% 84- 04. 94V4
•JJ.tMXJiWestinghouse ■ .. 185 181 183% 184
........ Westing l*t pfd 190 200
..:.... W & L E..'. 1..... 18% 19%
jW & L K l»l pfd 45 48
..: |w & lg -ja prd': ..... 25% 2«%
- SOOlWIiKoa C»ntral.f 21 "4 21% I 21% 22
4U"!Wls Central pfd.l 45% 44% | 4.'» 45U
1oi6l shares sold. 6C0.fi0O.
Associated Banks' Statement
NEW YORK. Dec. 17. — The statement of
ai<-ra«s of 'the clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: .
Loans «1.0<W,or.7.7O0, decrease $22,031,700:
depcslts $1,000,117,500. .decrease $21,922,500:
circulation $42.7S(».WiO. increase $246,400; legal
tenders $77.4^.1.-IO'J. increase $523,300: specie
$211,142,000. decrease $822,500; reserve $288.
57<\CCO. decrease $250,200: reserve required
$274,029,375. decrease $5.4*0.025; surplus $14,
6«!.«25. Increase S5.181.425; ex-United States
deposits $20,352,150. increase $5,160,450.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— Cotton Futures
opened firm. December. 7..15c: January. 7.tt5c;
February. 7.71c; March, 7.82c; April, 7.94c;
May. 7.00c: June. 8.02c; July, 8.10c; August.
8.10c: October. Sc bid.
Cotton Futures closed steady. December,
7.50c; January, 7.Clc; February, .7.70c; March.
7.80c; April, 7.87c; May. 7.93c; June. 7.9yc.
July. 8.01c; Auaust. S.C3c; October. 7.08c.
Spot Cotton closed quiet. Middling uplands,
8.05c; middling gulf, 8.35c. No tales.
New York Metal 3Iarket.
NEW YORK. Dec.' 17. — Local metal markets
were dull to-day, without reflecting any change
In general tone or price from last reports.
Iron showed a" firm undertone. " quotations un
chanred.
Copper, dull and - nominal, with quotations
of electrolytic at $14 75@15, casting at $14 50®
Tin— Spot. $29 25029 60.
Lead. $4 GC@4 70. -
Spelter, $5 75@5 R7?J.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— Total Imports of
dry goods and general merchandise at the port
of New York for 1 the week ending to-day were
valued at S13.783.498. .
Exports of specie from New York for the
week were $1,708,812 gold and $83S.fi30 silver.
Exports of specie at . New York during' the
week were $8028 silver and $COS,877 gold.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Fntnre Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec. 17.— A weak undertone . pre-
Ta:led In the wheat market from the start. As
a result of. lower cables .and because of im
proved weather conditions, . Southwest, there
was quit** a general selling at th-»" opening.
Receipts in. the Northwest were fairly liberal
and this contributed to bearish sentiment. ■ In
itial.qoutations on May were down '.i^'^c to %
©%c at $1 1C?4 to $1 II. • There was rathel
light support to the market until May. had
dropped to $1 1C©$1 10%. Prices - hovered
around this point. the greater part of the day,
with only a moderate volume of. business.
News from, the Northwest was ■ l«ss bullish
than of late, the . demand for cash wheat at
Minneapolis being reported much lighter. Pros
pects fit a larzre Increase In the visible supply
did not t«nd to encourage . bull enthusiasm. A
feature of trading ' was covering by shorts • In
the December option. The result was . a slight
net advance In the price of that delivery. ' Dis
tant deliveries benefited to some extent by the
comparative firmness of December, but'- the
creneral undertone . at : the - close • was - weak.*
J-Tnal quotations on May were- 94&3£c lower at
$110%. -• ' ■ .,-..;-. : v. -;:-.-.».
The com market was without i special feat
ure. May closed %@}ic lower at 45%c.
Trading In oats was extremely dull. Mar
closed at 31U@31%c. , *
Prortslons wer«-easy^on -a -lack- of. support
from puckers.. Trading was very, quiet. May
pork closed at 10c lower, lard was down Be and
ribs were 5iQ7%c lower. <i . . - .
.The leading futurese ranged'as follows"'
Artlcles^-J s Open.** High.* " Low. " Closed
Wheat No. 2 —
December ..... 1 08% 1.10% 108% l'o9U
May ........... I'll 111 - 1 10 l'io%
July ........... fOSH 95H 98 •' u8 2
Corn No. r 2 — . " '■ ■ j.-
December ....:. : 45% ■ 45% '.-45' '4514
May ........... 45ii. 45% .45 45%
July 45%'. 46% • 45% 45J5
■ Oat» No. 2— ' :■ ■ ■ - .- ■ . ■ ?■
Decembet -...-.. -29U '20Vi/'29% 29W
May-.™.... v ..,;319i M . 31%, _ 31$ 319J
July ............ 31i4 ■ 31% 31% ~ 3lC
Mess Pork/ per bbl— .
January .......12 55 '-12 ft5'---12 47H 12 47«
May 12 82% 12 05 ,12 82% 12 82J4
rtfE; SAN XFRANCISCO : CALL, SUNDAY,': DECEMBER IS; 1904.
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 6 85 - 8 85-' .8 80 8 80 ■
May 7 10 7 12tf . 7 07% \ 7 O7V4
Short Rlba, per 1C0 lbs— •
January 6 47^4 6 47tf .6 42% 6 45 •,
May 6 77% 6 77% 6 72% 6 75
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 17. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady: winter. patents, $5 10®
5 20; straight*. $4 80^6; ' spring patents, $4 00
05 60; straights, $4 60@4 00; bakers, $3 70#
3 80; No. 2 spring wheat. $1O8@114; No. 3.
l»5c®Il 10; No. 2 red. $1 12®1 14% No. 2 corn.
45U©46c; No. 2 yellow, 45@46c; No. 2 oats.
29Vic; No. 3 white. 30@30?ic; No. 2 rye, 73®
74c; good feeding barley, 87@3Se: fair to choice
malting, 41CH8c; No. 1 flax seed, $118; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 20; prime timothy - seed,'
$2 72%; mess pork per bbl. $11 25@11 37% lard,
per 100 lbs, $6 75; short-rib sides (loose), $6 25
@«00; short clear sides (boxed). $6 62%@6 75;
whisky, basis of h!gh wines, $1 24; clover, con
tract grade,' $12 75. . . \'
Articles— • ■ Receipts.- Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,400 ' 5,700 -
Wheat, bushels 03.000 ." . ' 40.400
Corn, bushels ....„• 621.P00 20fl,20O •
Oats, buehels 75,400 : ,15,400
Rye. bushels' 20,000 - 4,400
Barley, bushels 78,800 15.4CO
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Dee. 17.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market, was steady..
Creameries, 164?26c; dairies. 10«?22c. Eggs,
lower at mark, cases Included. 10S?23%c: firsts.
24c; prime firsts, 20c; extras, 28c. Cheese,
steady. ll@12c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Cliicago.
CHICAGO. D-c. 17. — CATTLE— Receipts,
400; steady. Good to prime steers, $6S£
7; poor to medium, $3 7505 75; stockers and
feeders. $2 10@4 15; cows, Sl©4 10; heifers,
$1 7065; canners', $1@2 30; bulls, ?2@i 10;
calves. $3 GC@7.
HOGS— Receipts 19.000; Monday. 45.000;
steady. Mixed nnd butchers'. $4 35@165: good
to choice heavy. $4 57H<3'4 K7V4: rough heavy,
$4 35Ti4 ir>; light, $4 30(84 55; bulk of sales,
$-1 50@4 60.
SHEEP — Receipts. 3000; Btsady. Good to
choice wethers, $4 40@5 25; fair to choice
mixed. $3 60@4 60; Western sheep, $4@5 50:
native lambs, $5@7 15; Western lambs, $5®
6 75.
Omaha
OMAHA. Nebr.. Dec. 17. — CATTLE — Re
celptp. 400; nominally steady.
HOGS — Receipts. er»CO: 5c higher. Heavy,
$4 40(^4 50; mixed, $* 42H@4 45: light, $4 45
©4 50: pigs, ?4®4 40; bulk, $4 42^@4 45.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2200; unchanged. West
ern yearlings $4 S0@5 35; wethers, $4 GO®
5 25; ewes, $4#4 75: common and stockers,
$2 5O®4 50; lambs. $5 2D08 40.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 17.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts; 150: market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 3000: 5c higher. Bulk of
nalen. $4 35@4 60; heavy. $4 50«?4 «5; packers,
$4 45@4 CO; pigs and lights. $3 9004 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, none: nominally steady.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening " 2% 7 2%
Closing 7 2% 7 2%
, PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar-June.
Opening 23 70 24 95
Closing ." 23 70 24 85
Flour —
Opening 31 10 32 40
Closing 31 10 32 45
Stl Louis Wool Market.
PT. LOUIS. Dec. 17. — Wool steady; medium
grades, combing and clothing, 20@29c; light,
fine. 18©22'/ic; heavy, nne. 14S~18c; tub
washed. 27@41c. 1
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Dec. 17. — Clearings, $&4S,916;
balances, S145.15U.
TACOMA. Dec. 17.— Clearings. $503,205;
balances. $29,817. ,
PORTLAND. Dec. 17.— Clearings, $571,911;
balances. $112,374.
SPOKANE, Dec. 17.— Clearings. $S6S.182;
balances, $270,300.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver is firm, but no higher. Exchange le
very strong, and both New York and Sterling
hav-i advanced.
The Siberia took out a large treasure list of
$1,416,338 consisting of $47. r »O in Mexican dol
lars $4fi6 in gold coin and $52,400 In silver
bullion for Hongkong. '$55,345 in silver bullion
for Shanghai, $1,007,577 in gold coin for Kobe
and $295,800 In gold bullion for Hiogo.
The Mongolia, which arrived on the 16th,
brought with other gold. 5C0.C0O Japanese yen.
valued "at $250,000. which went immediately
back to Japan on the Siberia yesterday, a de
mand for gold for Japan having recently
sprung up.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 84%® —
Sterling Exchange, sight :. 4 87%® —
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 6S © —
New York Exchange, sight 02%@ —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 05 @ — •
Silver, per ounce «0%@ —
Mexican Dollars CO @ 50%
INTEP.N'ATIONAL.
New Ycrk on Paris 5.15
New York on Mexico 203%
Paris on London.... '."'.VS.lfiS
Berlin on London 20.06%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — There was no news worthy of note
either from the East or abroad. Foreign fu
tures were- weak and Chicago was %c lower.
Tills market wts not materially changed,
either as to cash grain or futures. The latter
were very dull, there being no sales what
ever. The cash grain was flrraly hsld.
CASH WHEAT
California Club. $1 45^1 52%; California
White Australian. $1 UOtfTl «i2%: Northern
Club $1 50(31 C5; Northern Bluestem. $1 60Q>
$1 C2%; Northern Red, $1 47% per ctl. :
"FUTURES.
SesEion 9 to 11:30 a. m..
May— $1 44% bid. $1 44»i asked.
December — $1 4M^Jfjsktd.
BARLEY — The "week closed with a very
strung market . for cash grain, there being a
sharp demand for Feed at $1 la-X. The .fu
tures were neglected and unchanged. >
CASH BARLEY
Feed $1 10@l 13%; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 154/1 17%; Chevalier. $1 l.Vol 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
May— $1 08% bid, $1 09% asked. S
December— $1 13 V bid, $1 13% asked.
OATS — In view of the practical 'exhaustion
of the spot stock of Red by the Oriental order,
sellers, are asking higher prices, for this de
bcriptlon.'-and the market is very tlrm. .White
and Black are alsc firmly held, but quotations
remain about aa before. . .' :
White, " $1 45@1 57%; Surprise, $1 5501 60;
Red for feed, $1 40^1 45 for : No.- 1 and
$1 3.">@1 37%- for No. 2; extra fine • for seed.
$150@155; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
51 45«1 62% for eeed. -■-'.. -
,' CORN — The market has lest all the firmness
which characterized it ior many months, and
Is now weak and unsettled under heavy oiTer-
Ings of Western, arrivals of the . latter being
entirely, too heavy v for the market to absorb.
Yesterday they were 3000 ctls.;'. It '/was re
ported ' 011 'Chang-s that- Chicago was offering
us plenty of Corn at $115 in bulk, equivalent
to not over $1 22% In sacks laid down here.
Sellers were asking the quotations below, but
making no sales.'
Western . sacked, . $1 33@1 40 for Yellow,
White and Mixed; California large Yellow,
$1 35@1 40; small round do. $1 65@1 80; White,
$1 35@1 40; , Egyptian. $1 35@1 37% for .White
and $1 17%@1 2O f or Brown.'
RTE— $1 4001 45 per ctl. -
BUCKWHEAT— $1 50®l 75 per ctl.
Flour and Mlllstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family ! Extras. $4 800
6 10, 'usual terms; Bakers' ' Extras, ' $4 7(iQb;
Oregon and Washington. ' Jobbing at |4®4 60
per bbl. . ■■■■>- • •»*• . . ; . ::•;•.-:"..> .
.. MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages '• are as
follows: 1 - Graham Flour. ; 13 '25 ■ per- 100 lbs;
Rye Flour- $3 25; ,Rye Meal.^ $3; Rlce> Flour,
$7;. Corn Meal. |2 CO^ extra cream do. ; $3 60;
Oat Meal, $4; : Oat •Groats,; $4 25;- Hominy,
$3 60©3 85: Buckwheat Flour. $4 23: Cracked
Wheat, $3 76; : Farina," $4; Whole 'Wheat
Flour, $3 50:' Rolled Oats. bbls. $ti 75®7 50; In
sacks, $4 28; Pearl/Barley.- *5;\ Split 1 ; Peas,
boxes. $5 60; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.'
Hay and Feedstuff s.
" v The feeling • all . along the ' line' Is ' firm. '. The
Oriental orders for Hay tend to • inspire ■ hold
ers with ■ more : strength; but : prices show no
advance. . Bran and Middlings -; continue . firm,
and Rolled ■. Barley is. also strong -in sympathy
with the raw grain. ..' . • .• '., ■ . ;
... BRAN— *20@22 per ton. .-; : * ;
MIDDLINGS— $25028 • per ton.- ■ ' > - "
• SHORTS— $20©22 per ton. v . . .>
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled. Barley.^ $24024 BO per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 fi0®32 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23^24; >Coooa
nut - Meal, ! $24® 25: \.Corn t Meal. $31' B0@32;
Cracked- Corn. $32©'32 50; Mixed Feed. $22$
23 ;' Horse - Beans, - $30340 .■. per; ; ton ; « 'Broom
Corn Feed. 90c; per ctl. . ' ~:';<>* •-' . ;. ~ •.■-,- -■
HAT— Wheat. |fl®U BO; Wheat and Oat,
$9013 KO; Ont, $9*3 12; Barley and Oat.- SS'dlO:
Volunteer Wild Oat. $7©10; > sUble, $9®10;
stock.' $5 B0@7; Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa, $9012
per ton. ■ .•: ■ .
STRAW— 35® 60q_ per . bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is no change In the situation, the mar
ket being dull. ' •,
BEANS— Bayos " $2 5003- Pea. $3^3 BO;
Butter, $3@3 25; -small 'White. $3®3 35;
large -.White. $2 40@2 60- Pink $2 7503 60;
Red. $4 25@4 50; Lima, $4 10@4 20: Red Kid
neys, $3 50@4 : Blackeyes S2 50 per ctl; Horse
Benns. (1 85@2 40. *
SEEDS — Brown "'Mustard nominal — no good
lots offering; Yellow Mustard 3K©394c: Flax.
$2@2 75; Canary. 6%c: Alfalfa. 12#013c;
Rape, 1%@2%c; 'Timothy 5%c; Hemp, 3^4®
8%c per lb; Millet 2%®3%c; Broom Corn
Seed. $20©21-per ton
■DRIED - PEAS— Niles $1 75®2 50; Green
Peas. $1 75@2 50 p«r. ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Strictly fancy Burbank Potatoes have, been
In ; limited supply during the past ' week and
such stock I cleaned c up readily from day to
day at steady . prices. Offerings ot inferior
river Burbanks are showing more steadiness.'
but prices show no improvement as the mar
ket is still. badly, congested with -that class' of
goods.- Recent arrivals of Sweets were mostly
of . poor quality, and : met with slow . sale at
easy.rates.y Onions are in good-supply and the
market 1 1s ' rather . weak than 'otherwise, with
trade; quiet; at the. moment. • '
! Receipts of southern vegetables were light
and Tomatoes. Beans, Peas and Egg Plant
were /quoted i higher. There were -several ship
ping . orders for those descriptions "that could
not be- filled, owlng-to the scarcity of supplies.
Mushrooms and Green'Peppers were still abun
dant. . . ■ ••- •■..'- ■ .
1 POTATOES— -Burbanks from the river, 40#
80c per ctl; Salinas. Burbanks. $1 10©l 45 per
ctl; Oregon .Burbanks,- 75c@l 10 per ctl; River
Reds. CO$T"Oc per ctl; Early Rose. $1 10@l 25
per ctl ; Sweet Potatoes 40S75C
ONIONS— $2 40®2 CO per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green ' Peas. 5@8c per lb;
String Beans, 7@10c per lb;,Wax Beans, 7@I0c;
Lima Beans. — per lb; Tomatoes. $1 75@2 25 per
box or crate; Summer Squash, 85c@$l per box;
hothouse , Cucumbers.. $1 per dozen; Cab
bage, 50c per ctl: Carrots_75c per sack; Gar
lic. 6%@7cpeMb; Egg Piant. 8@10c.per lb
for southern; Dried' Peppers, nominal; -Green
Peppers. 50@75c per box; Mushrooms, 10©2Uc
per lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash. $3@10
per ton. • , ■, ■ ■
Poultry and Game.
Poultry closed the week with live stock
well cleaned up and the market generally had
a steady tone. All indications- point toward
an active market during the early part of this
week, when retailers will be stocking up for
the holiday trade. A car or Western falls due
to-morrow. Game was In good request and
although receipts were liberal everything
cleaned up at steady prices. Dressed Turkeys
moved slowly at the previously quoted rates.
About 40 cases came In.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 18@22c per
lb; Live Turkeys, 18020c per lb; Geese, per
pair. $2@2 25; Goslings, $2 25@2 60; Ducks,
$5*?5 50 per dozen for old' and $6®6 50 for
young; Hens. $4©4 60 for small and $5@5 50
for large; young Roosters $505 50; old Roos
ters. $4@4 50; Fryers. $4@4 f.U; Broilers. $2 50
@3 50: Pigeons $1 25: Squabs, *2iR2 50.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $2 50@3 50 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3@4; Teal. $1@1 25; Sprig. $1 50®
2; Widgeon. $1 25@1 50; Red Heads. $2;
small Ducks $1 25ifl 50- Gray Geese, $2®
3; White Geese $l@l 50; Brant, $102; Honk
ers. $.".©«; Snipe. $2 50 for English and $1 60
for' common; Doves $1 25; Hare. $1 75;. Rab
bits, ?2 for Cottontails and ?1 50 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
A number of Butter houses cot together yes
terday afternoon and decided to advance the
price of fancy creamery to 25c, the new quo
tation to become effective on Monday. Two
reasons were assigned for this move; first, to
call the San Joaquln Valley product, heretofore
going to Los Angeles, to this market, and
second, to enable holders of storage . stock to
work oft these goods. The market was very
firm all day. and later in the afternoon the
top quotation was obtained as a quotation from
the majority of houses. The market was fully
lc higher In the afternoon than in the fore
noon, and the quotations below represent the
range for ' the whole day.
•Cheese Is also showing more firmness, as
not as manj- cheesemakers have left off pro
ducing Butter and gone back to Cheese as
was. expected. Stocks are moderate, but there
is no scarcity.
-Eggs are In good demand and very steady,
with nne ranch In moderate receipt and well
cleaned up. 4 ■
• Receipts . were 42,300 lbs Butter, 5C6 cases
Eggs and 15,100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 23c. with
sales at 24s for extras and 20*322 Vic for lower
to medium grades; dairy. lS@21c; cold storage,
nominal; store Butter, 10iai4c; Bisters cubes,
nominal; Kastfrn ladle-packed. lOtflCc. '
CHEESE— linilUc for '•hot"" m'M m» r»— 1
l(VglO!4c for old; cold storage. 10t4@llc; Young
Americas. l'Z'nl-\ic; Kasleiii. Iw^kjc |\r .0,
EGGS — Ranch, ;«i©40c for good to (ancy and
30035c for common; cold storage," 25@3uc;
Eastern. 25<Ji2Sc for choice. 22@24c for stand
ards and . l'.iij-lc for secpnds. : - • . . .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The' fruit markt-t continued quiet, trade as a
rule being confined to Hie filling of some small
orders for Immediate requirements. . The . cool
wecther checked trade In Navel Oranges,' which
were In heavy supply. ' and aside from a lim
ited demand for shipment there was very
little doing in that description, the bulk of
the available supplies being poorly colored
and generally unattractive. Grape Fruit was
in limited supply and steady, while Tangerines,
Mandarins and Lemons dragged. Receipts of
Strawberries consisted of 4 chests of Long-'
worths and 22 chests of the large varieties.
The berries were mostly poor and sold slowly
In a peddling way at Irregular rates. The
Apple market was in fair shap<>. with good me
dium stock moving freely. The other fruits
were In ample supply and quiet.
STRAWF,ERHIE!» — SS@12 per chest for
Loncworths and $3 0005 for the large varieties
CRANBERRIES— $9<ffll per bbl for No. 1
and $ti®8 for inferior Eastern and $2 75®3 per
box for Coos Bay. .
' APPLES — 00c{j$1 25 per box for fancy and
. r .0#85c for" common to choice; Lady Apples.
$1 7302 25 per box.
PEARS — Winter Nellls, $1 50@l 75 per box;
cooking varieties, f>0c«3$l per box. '
PERSIMMONS— 50<TjC5c per box. **
GRAPES— Nominal
CITRUS FRU1T&— Oranges. Navels. $1@2 per
box; Seedlings. 75c@$l; .Tangerines. 75c for
small and $1 for large ' boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, ?1C1 23 p» r bix; Lemon*. $i ."■Oa- 75
for fancy. SI T.Va-- 1 -."> for choice, and $1@1 60
for standards: Grape Fruit. $1 75«?2 50; Mexi
can Limes, $4 per case; Banana*. $2@3 per
bunch for Central American and $1@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins. Honey.
Previous prices rule, . with an Inactive mar.
ket.
■ FRUITS — Apricots, 8@llc for Royals and
10®12%c for Moorparks; Nectarines. 6M-@7%c
for White and e%^7c for Red; Peaches" 7%©
S%c per lb; Pears. 7@12c; Plums, pitted, u®
6%c for blacks, 7%@Slic for red and 7@S%c
for yellow: Figs. 2-crown bricks. 50c; 3-crown.
55c;. 4-crown. eOc; 6-crown. ti5c; bulk white.
2%@3c; black. 2 l ,i®5 1 / 3c; Evaporated Apples
4%&U%c per lb. .
PRUNES— 1%®1»;c per lbfor the four sices
and 2%c basis for the large sizes. ,
RAISINS— 1004 crop f. o. b. Fresno Im
perial clusters, $2 25@2 50; Dehesa. $1 30@
1 35; London Layers.. 85c@$l; Loose Muscatels,
4-crown, 5@3%c; 3-crown. 4%c; 2-crown 3@
3%c; Seeded, 4%®6c; Thompson's Seedless
4%@4%c; Seedless Sultanas. 3@5c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@l.".a: No
2. 10@ltc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. ■ 2, 10c-
Almonds. 16@17c for Nonpareils 14@14%c for
1 X L. 13%®14%c for Ne Plus 'Ultra and lie
for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans, ll@13c; Cccoanuts, $4 50® 5; Chestnuts
Stfi) oer lb for Italian. . . . , .
HONEY— Comb. ll%@13c for white and 10®
lie for amber: water white extracted, 5%®6c;
light amber extracted. 5@5%c; dark, 3@4%c
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Provisions.
The trade continue to report a dull and fea
tureless market, and . the same condition pre
vails In the East. -
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy. 10%c for light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra 'light and 14%c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Hides; 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams. 12 to 14 lbs, 12%c: 15. to
16 lbs. \%ti- 17 to 20 lbs, ll%c; California
Hams.- ll^ic; Mess Beef/ $10©10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $10 50011; Family. $12012 60;
prime MessPork. $14 60; extra clear. $22;
Mess, $1«! 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
Smoked Beef. , 14c per lb.
. LARD-^-Tierees quoted at 6%c per] lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 0lic;10
lb tins. 0%e: 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins 10c. .
> COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. S%c; two tierces,
8lic: five tierces, 8 %c per lb.
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops. *■
Hops continue In fair request at the recently
reduced prices, which stimulated . the demand,
as already mentioned. Wool, is nominal, as it
Is practically all cleaned up. j Hides 1 continue
to sell oft well, and there Is no accumulation of
stock. • , • — '•.-,■>■,
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands se'.l
about '%@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium,, 10c; light. 9^@10c:. Cow
Hides. 9V4@10c for heavy and 9H©10c for
light; Stngs. 7@7%c; Salted Kip. lOVfcc; Salted
SfJ 1 ' : Salted Calf H^©12V4c; f dry
Hides,. 17%@lSc; dry Kip. 15c ;• dry Calf. 20s;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 25®40c ' each ;• short
Wool. 50@75c each; medium. 90c@*l 10: long
Wool..$l 2S@1 75; Horse Hides, salt $3 for
large and 12 BO for medium »$1 50@2 for small
and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large andfl BO for medium, 1 »1 for small, BOo
for Colts. .Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 30c; dry
salted Mexican, » 25o; . dry >. Central American.
30c: , Goat Skins— Prime Angoras. ; 73c; . extra
large do. $1 25; large. BOc; .: medium.- 33c;
small.' 20c. . - . .: .-; -,
■^; TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%o per Id;'
No. 2..3Hc; Grease, 2%©3c. •*. ■-;:>. ....-'•
.'.WOOL— Fall, clip— San r Joaquln and South^
ern.% 9*nic; Southern. 8©9c; Southern Moun-
Uln. 0©llc; Middle ?. Counties. . free. . 12814c
do ' defective, " 10@12c; Northern free. 12@14c ;
do" defective. 10©12c: Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 16018c per lb. ■ - ' f-
HOP8— 1904 crop 26©29c per lb: l»05 crop.
17%©lSc.. with most, growers holding out
for 20c \ ■?<■. -.>.". ■.-.-.
Meat. Market.
DRESSED MEATS
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer 1
are as follows : ' :
BEEF— 6©7c . for Steers and 4%©6c per lb
for Cows. . .,-"-■'
. VEAL— Large. 6%®9c: small. 8©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©8c; Ewes.^ «HO7%c
per lb. . . - •
LAMB— Si,4®9«/4c per lb. ■;', ■ ■
PORK— Dressed Hog*. 6V@S%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle: -.■
CATTLE: — Steers. 7H@7%e: Cows and Heif
ers. 5H©6%c: thin Cows.4«5c per lb.
CALVES — i@4%c per lb (gross weight). .
SHEEP— Wethers, 3&e3%c: Ewes S@3Vic
per'lb <gros» weight). ' v
LAMBS— $2 50«2 75 per head. "
. HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 to 230 lbs. 4%©4%c:
130 to 200 lbs. 6@5V«c: 80 to 130 lbs. 4%@4%c;
•oft Hogs, not : wanted: Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above 'quotations.".
General Mercliandlse,
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5%@5%c spot and 6(9
6%c for next year; Wcol Bags., 30332c; Fleec*
Twine: 7 %c.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. <$S; . Seattle. $C 50; . Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50: Roslyn, $7: • Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $3; Cumberland. $13 in bulk
and $14 2.1 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg $14: Welsh Anthracite Egg.- $13; Welsh
Lump, $11 50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke, $11 50
$i 13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain ascriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for caaes
add 5c: Lineeed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
63c for raw; Castor Oil. in' cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers" AA. cased. $1 1C®1 12; Lucol.
00c for boiled and 48c for raw;
China Nut. cases, C5@80c per gallon; Cocoanut
Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 65c for
Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm Oil,
68c; natural winter Sperm Oil. KJc; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whal*
Oil. 62c; extra winter strained Lard OH. 75c;
So. 1 Lard Oil 65c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c: li«rht Herring Oil.
42c; dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil. 34o:
boiled Fleh OH. 37c; raw FJ-h Oil., 30c; boiled
Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL-r Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases 19%c; Astral. 19%c;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine. 26c;
Eocene. 21%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. lCc; in cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; Jn cases. 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 2f>c: in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 75c. per gallon In cases and
69c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7V»®
~%c per lb; White Lead. 7U©7*ic according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100- lb bags:
Cube?. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6.25c;
Powdered. 6.1Gc; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
tic; Fruit Granulated. Cc: Beet Granulated
<10O-lb bags only). O.OOc: Confectioners' A 6c:
Magnolia A. 6.60c; Extra C 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c; ••D," 5.30c; barrels. 10c mere; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 50-1% ba^s,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Dominoj.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY DECEMBER 17. "
Flour, qr sks... 1,700 Hay. tons ....'... 250
Wheat, ctls .... 1.5181 Wool, bales 44
Barley, ctls 1.62't'Leather. rolls ... l«t
Oats, ctls 529 Hides. No 441
Corn, ctls 6C0 Pelts bdls 1,570
Rye. ctls C18 Lime, bbls 455
Tallow, ctls .... 232|Honey. cases 1S2
Sugar, ells 501|Powder. cases .. 579
Beann. eks 3,773! Brandy gals l«.SOr>
Potatoes, sks ... 3,.S44tWine gals 39,350
Onion*, sks .... 2021 Broorhcorn bdlv . c 0
Middlings, sks .. 97.M Quicksilver, risks. 40
Feed, sks 3601 Raisins, bxs 2,250
Potatoes, sks .'.. 8331
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 3.6001 • "
STOCK MARKET.
Long List of Dividends by the Sav
ings Bank*.
There was not much feature to the stock
market. a« usual on Saturday. I»cal recurl
tles were quiet, with Gas and Electric lower
at $54 75. the atock being cx-dlvidend at $1 25.
The oil shares, were quiet. Mining stocks were
sold with fair activity, with the usual nanow
fluctuations. - •
Sales on the California Exchange last we»k
were 23.IM8 shares, valued at $14,035. the lead-
Ing sales belnjr — follows : Associated Oil
bonds. ;J0CO at S5c: Associated Oil shares 506S-
Chicago Crude. 1CC0; Four. 2.'>0O; Forty." 1100;,
Home. 1350; Independence, 2r»00; Monte Crlsto
1^50; Occidental, 1300; Oil City, 300O
The following savings banks declared divi
dends to depofitcrs, -payable January 3: Cen
tral Trust Company, 3.00 per cent on term
deposits and 3 per cent on ordinary: California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company. 3.60 per cent
on term. 3 per cent on ordinary; Swiss-Ameri
can Bank. 3. CO per cent on term. 3 per cent
on ordinary; Union Trust Company. 3.30 on
term. 3 per cent on ordinary; San Francisco
Savings Union. 3.G0 per "cent on term 3 per
cent on ordinary; French Savings Bank. 3.25
per cent; Columbia Savings and Loan Society.
3.25 per cent; Mutual Savings Bank, 3.25 per
cent; Security Savings Bank, 3.25 per cent.
These are the same rates as for the previous
six months.
The Oakland Bank of Savings will pi^- a de.
positors' dividend of 3>i per cent January 3.
•The directors of the French- American Bank
have declared the regular semi-annual divi
dend of $2 no per share, being at the rate of 5
per cent per annum, payable January ::
Tho Howe Saddlery Company of San Fran
cisco has levied an assessment of $fo per share
delinquent January 16.
The Cypress Lawn Improvement Company
paid a regular > quarterly dividend of 10 cents
per,ehar» yesterday.
A call upon the stockholders of the Columbus
Savings and x Loan Society to pay In an addi
tional $30,0CO of capital in the form of an as
sessment of $25 per share upon the stock was
delinquent yesterday. The present call will in
crease the paid up capital of the bank to $130 .
000. '
The output of the Ophlr mln« last ' week
amounted to 82 mining carloads of ore assay
ing $132 19 per ton, and 07 carloads assaying
$31 40 per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
SATURDAY, Die. 17—12 m.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. A*k.
4s qr coup..l06%10tS%|4s qr cp new.131 131%
4s qr reg .10r.%105Tiii3fl 1 qr coup.. — 104%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala A W 5s. — — lOak T Co Cs.120 —
Asso Oil 5a. 84 S3 I Do 5s ....113* 114%
Kay CPC Ss.101 — • Do con 5s.lO4 —
Cal C G'5s.lO3 — Oceanic S 5s. 69 ' 73
Cal G & E b , ; . lOm Cable «s. — v>4
m &. ct &». S3 — I P G Imp 4s. -
Cal st C 5s. 114 — IP E Ry 5s..lO4Ti
C C Wat 5s. — !»9 ip AC H 6s.J04 —
EdL & P 6s. — 126 lp & O R 6s. — _
F & C H 6s.ll5% — IPowell-st 6s. — -_
Geary-st'*Ss. — 85 (Sac EG&R5s.lOO% —
H C&S 6%slO5 — SF & SJV5S.11DU —
Do 5s :...101%— I Sierra R 65 — _
Hon R T 6s.lO«% — |S P. of A 6s •
I. A Elec 5s.lO4«i — (10OSO lC9«i
L A Ry 5s.. 116% — (1910) 110% —
L* A L Co Cs — — S P of C 6s ;
Do gtd 6s. — — --. (1905)Sr A.101 101%
Do gtd Rs.lO4Ur— (190Ti)Sr B. — 103%
LAP lem Bs.lOl ]— (190C) Kyis' _"
Mkt-st C 6s.ll6 '-t -(1912) 111% _
Do lem Ss.liesjlien SPC 1 eg 5s. — _
MV& MtT5s.lO5 110 IDo stamp.. lOStilOSU
NRR of C6s.l06V41O6% S P B R 6s.l35 —
Do Ba .. .. — — S V Wat--Cs.l04% —
NP C R 6s.lO5%.— ! Do 4s 2dm.l00% —
N'C'R'Bs... — ■ ■ — ' I Do 4s 3dm. 99V4 —
N-CP C 5s. — , — L Do g mt*4s 97%
N S R R 5s. 99 103 [Stkn GftE6s. 91 _
OG LAH 5s. — 110 riJ G A E 5s.lO2% —
O W C gd Bs. — ICO UR of SF 4s. 87% 8S%
.. WATER STOCKS.
Con Costa .. 25 — (Port Costa . _
Marin.Co .. — 50%|s-V Wat Co. 29% _
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. .3% — IS F G A E. 64% 64%
Mutual E L. -*- ll%!Stkn G A E. — RU
'Pac L Co... — 60%|U G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
iFlrem'sFnd — 340 | . -
BANK STOCKS. ,
! Am Ntl • Bk.129 — IL PA A ..152 —
Anglo-Cal. ".. 88 90 |Mer Trust .. — 230
Bank of Cal.420 425. Merch Ex ..50 _
Cal. Safe Dpl52 .— .Is F National. — _
; First Natonl. — »' \j)
SAVINGS BANKS.
! Ger S A L.2330 — Sav A L So. 100
Hum SAL. — ' — Sec Sav Bk 4"»i
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co. 3wo
S F Sav U.610 675 aXV
; STREET RAILROADS.
California ,:200 — | Presidio ;... — r
Geary ...'...— 40 | • V A
POWDER. fS
Giant ....... 62% 63%|Vlgortt 3 41/
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73«4 74%|Makaweli S C — ' —
Honokaa S-C IS 18UOnomea S C
Hutch SPC 14% UTilPaauhau S C." 20T4 of 5 *
Kllauea S C. 4% 6 |.\ . A -
. . . MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P Co. 93% 95 (Oceanic S Co. 5 «ir
Cal F C A. — . 90% Pac Aux FA. ■414 _ H
Cal Wine A. — 85 |Pac C Borx. — 157U.
MVA MtTm 95 102 |Pac S Tel Co.107 108
SALES. .'
. : Morning Session.
Board— - . ■.' .
1 350 Honokaa 8 Co is 00
: IB Paauhau S P Co ........... "••>() 071'
- 25 S F Gas A EHctrlc Co. ......'. 64 75
. $1,000 Hawaiian Coral A Sugar 5s.. 101*2n '
$5,100 Market St Ry 1st con 5s .n« 50
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s...;:.; ..106 50 '
$1.000. U R R of S.F 4s............:: 83 00
■" Street— V- ..... ■ .
$1,000 Hawaiian ComlASugarBa.:. .101 23
$9,000 Los Ang«Ut» Ry &• •••••• a i;j 1C O 25
I2.0CO 8 V 4 per cent <2d »«**ff2- 97 75
$2,000 S V Water Co Pen Mtge «• »«
Unlisted Secnrities.V
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.^
M C Wat 5*100 — Sun Tel 6s.. 114%
Rls I WksSa — 105 Do 6s.. ...lM —
SF Drdk 5S.112 — Suttr-stR3«.104 —
v MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. . . 23 25 Mat Nav Co. 70 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 Nev Nat Bk.200 *06
Saf^de^L^m £Sr T iS&1tt =
g;!# h iVr-::: " x g ESSS^ -'
C«n Bk. Oak 60 67% Pac Sur Co .1C5 —
Chutes Co .. — « tParaf Paint. 38 —
City & C Bk — 120 iS F Drydock — «
Cj^ L Imp.. - 6%SF&SJ Coal 17 U 20
East Dynm. - 375 S J Wat CalO3% -
DptPwd com 40 50 SO & MTgbtlM —
FNBk.Oak.120 — Swiss-A Bk.120 —
Fischer Tbtr — l»i Truck Elect. — 12%
Krench-A BklO« — U Sugar Co. — 31.
Hono P Co.. — 31 US InC pfd. 66% —
Do pool . . 30 D° c°m- . . it — .
Morning Session.
Board — ■'.'. ■'■>:■' iff «/» •
20 U Ry InT Co preferred 67 W
California Stock and OH Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Ask 5 d '
Alma » 8©
Apollo «5 *2
Associated Oil Co. Trst Cert. 26 . 27
CBJifqrnla-Standard W 19
Caribou v - « °° '••"
Chicago Crude 20 £•
Claremont *"
Forty *°
Pour 57 60
Giant 25 ....
Home 40 41
Independence • SO >•••
Kein 5 00 ..-•
Kern (New) «>
Kern River 12 00
Monarch of Arizona 2T. 35
Mcnte Cristo 77% SO
Occidental of W Va 07 ....
Oil City Petroleum 66 <W
Piedmont '. n *
Sovereign 31 33
Sterling 2 00 ....
Thirty-three 8 23
West Shore 1 «>
Wolverine • • 60 "
Miscellaneous —
Associated Oil Co Bonds 85 25 88 00
Mornins Session.
Board — ■ ,
100 Kern Oil (old) BOO
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were, the sales en the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornins Session — Comstocks.
1000 Andes 20| ICO Ophlr 3 40
100 Bullion 22| 200 Savage 23
500 Con Cal & V.I 65) 20O Scorpion 10
350 Hale & Norc.l 05! 500 Sierra Nev.... 4S 1
100 Justice 101.20ft I, nion Con.... 53
500 Kentuck Cl| 200 Union Con f2
11C0 Mexican .... .1 15| 500 Utah <M
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask ! Bld.Ask.
Alpha C9 lOlJulla 07 09
Alta '. 04 0«Uu»tiee Oft 12
Andes' 20 21(Kentuck "1 «
Belcher 19 201 Lady Wash .. 02 04
1 Best & Belch.l 00 1 10 Mexican 1 15 1 20
Bullion 21 23lOccldental ... 7R 90
Caledonia .... 43 45lOphlr 3 35 3 40
Challenge ... 21 23! Overman 09 10
Chollar 22 23t.Potosl 14 16
Confidence ... 75 80i Scorpion 1O II
Con Cal & V.I 60 1 65|Savage ....... 22 2*
Con Imnerial. 01 02!^* Belcher.. . 03 OS
Con NT 02 trt'Slerra Nev.... 43 44
Crown Point.. 13 15! Silver Hill 5M to
Eureka Con.. — 50 St. Louis — 07
Exchequer ... ,45 46 Syndicate 1» 22
E. Sierra Nev 03 05UTnlon Con f>2 5l
Gold & Cur. 19 20lUtah 04 05
Hale & Norc.l CO 1 03|Tellow Jacket. 15 16
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Mornlne- Sewi'on.
R0O Brunswick ... 1012100 MacNamara .. 24
POO Esperanza ... 02! 1000 MacNamara .. 25
30O Jumbo "I I TOO Rescue 07
1000 Jumbo Ex .. 2111500 Red Top 18
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nev.. 9 f.0 9 «! Rescue 06 07
Mont Ton ...1 «7 1 70!Ton & Cat — 1«
Ton Extrn .-3 OO — I Ray & O'Brien 05 07
MacNamara . 24 ?5I Paymaster . . . C~J 04
Ton Midway.. XX ?5 Mlzpah Ex .. 12 —
Ton Belmont.. 70 7?!Little Ton ..35 3»
Ton N Star... 2-1 25'E?peranza 01 f2
Ton Ohio 20 23'Go'd Anchor.. — 20
West End ... 10 lCIOuincy 11 —
Ton Gold Mt. 14 15!N T Ton Con. — 12
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm ... 40 4?! Black Butte .. — 19
Red Top .... 17 lSlBoolh O M Co 10 —
Goldftrtd-Mhk- 1« — -Elue Bull ... 15. 20
Columbia 20 22!Adams — It
IVamondfleld. — 23! Silver Pick ...— 19
Jumbo CS> — I May Queen .. 16 —
Jumbo Er .. 2O 221 Nevada Boy... 17 —
Vernal Mln.. 12 — |Or!r Bullfrog. — 12
Pennsylvania «is — »Ru!lfroz Mirv. 5!> —
Ooldfield Nl 9O(Kllc Butte Ex 1ft —
Kendall 21 r4'South Western 60 —
Oakland — 30!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco acd Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
3O0O Austin G 3OI1500 N Y Ton 14
1000 Bullfrog «0l 90O Red Top 19
10O Goldfleld M... 9<1| 1000 Sandstorm ... 41
fiOO Jumbo M Co. 701 300 8 Eureka..... S3
2CC0 MacNamara . 21] ,'Ort Ton B»Imont.. 71
1200 Mon Ton...l 72%i27M Ton Midway.. 3".
800 Mon Ton 1 75! 3C0 Ton Midway.. 38
2000 Nev Goldfleld. 10I5CO Ton N Star 24
1CO0 N Y Ton 13! ICO West End 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.j Bid. Ask.
Adams Gold, 10.. — |MacNamara .. 2.1 25
Adams Gold.. 10 — IMIzpah 05 —
Black Ants.. 05 — jMont Ton.. .1 67% 1 72
Black Butte.. 17 — IN'ev Goldfleld. 10 —
Blue Bull 13 —IN York T Con — 14
Booth M 10 — JEaymaster ... (tl 04
BullfroK 59 — Pine Grove 10 —
Colehan — 17|Ray Exten — 10
Columbia Mt. 20 — I Ray * O'Brien Ort OS
niamondflld . 19 —Red Top 18 19
Dixie Mg Co. — 20) Rescue 05 Ort
Esperanza ... 01 02!Rothwell ..... 15 50
Free Gold ■ — lMSandstorm ... — 42
Goldn Anchor — 20 Ton Belmont.. 70 72
Goldfid B B.. — 07lTon A Cal — 20
Goldfleld D... — V'Ton Cash Boy — 10
Ooldfleld N... 90 1 COlTon Exten 2 63 —
Goldflld R L. 05 C6iTon Gold Mt. 14 16
Gold Old S P. 11 1*1 Ton Midway.. 35 36
Goldflo'd Ton.. — CSITon of Nev... — 9 73
Gold Mt Con.. — 02|T O n N Star... 22 24
Jim Butler... 50 65!Ton Superior. 02 —
Jumbo 71 — jTon Union.... — C.7
Jumbo Exten. 20 — (United Ton... — 10
Little Ton — 45IUtopU ll> —
Lucky Bald.. — lOlVemal 12 14
Lucky Tom... — CSiWest End..., 14 30
Additional Commercial Reports on
♦ • Pa^^J 67. -
Peking -Lands .Passengers.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's liner City of Peking, Captain
Robinson,' which arrived late ' Friday
from Panama and way ports, passed
quarantine early- yesterday morning
and docked at the seawall,' there being
no room for. her at the Pacific "Mall
wharves. The Peking brought twenty
three passengers and 1701 tons of cargo.
She brought treasure valued at $73,851.
Amcns: her 'passengers were: C. S.
Vanderbrick^ Dr. S. 8." Rodman, J. E.
Hewstoh," P. Borrione, H. P. Garth
waite, Owen McGee, Mrs. F. F. An
thony, P. L. Young, P. R. Lautine.
Loth to Ijeavc the land.
The schooner Lizzie Vance, which left
here December 14 % for 'Grays Harbor,
has at last managed to sail clear of the
land. Forty : elght hours after leaving
port she was Righted almost in Bolinaa
Bay. unable to get out for lack of the
right kind of a breeze. Assistance was
offered, but she decllne'd it. -After a
longu wait the breeze arrived and yes
terday morning at "daybreak the LJz
zle Vance had disappeared over the
horizon.' ■' , t
Tlie Overdue List.
The vessels on the overdue list are
Quoted for reinsurance as follows:
Edith Mary, 70 per cent; Brier Holme.
80 per cent, and Nellie Troop, 10 per
cent.* •
.The freighter 'M. S. Dollar arrived
yesterday with cargo from Hongkong,
Kobe, Mojt end Mororan.'
It Is fortunate for the wise guys that
the fool and his money refuse to stand
pat- . _^
AUCTION SALES
&' .ft* £*
AUCTION SALE
OF THOROUGHBRED RACE HORSES
Bred by HON. THEODORE WINTER3
• - , Washoe. Nevada.
To B* Sold at PUBLIC AUCTION,
MONDAY. December 13, 1904. at 3 p. m ,
At SALESTARD^CO^VAI^NESa AVE. and
In New Pavilion— by Electric Light.
Send for Catalogues
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. Livestock Auc-
tioneers.
Successors to KltMp & Co..
1732 Market street. San Francisco. Cal.
RATE OP POSTAGE
on
THE CHRISTMAS CALL:
Domestic 5 cents
Foreign '. 9 cents
Domestic postage includes all
points in the United States,
Mexico, Hawaiian Islands, Phil-
ippines, Porto Rico, Canada and
Guam.
Mall this sumptuous paper to
your friends in the East and
abroad. "
Inquires Into Old Cases.
Judge Cook had on hla calendar
yesterday thirty-two cases taken from
his reserve calendar. His intention i3
to Inquire into the standing: of each
case and dismiss any that are simply
Incumberingr the calendar. One of
these against "Sir" Harry Westwood
Cooper, alias Ernest Moore Chadwick.
for having 1 counterfeit blanks in his
possession, which has been on the re
serve calendar for several years, was
ordered dismissed. The others were
continued for further inquiry.
Advice Is generally wasted, especially
If It comes from a bachelor to a mar
ried man.
'ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLDJIEIB
JONOPAH\
JsSTOCK LISTED BY THE}
i JAN FRANCIHO STOCKS
S EXCHANGE BOARD- *)
?mEBto*QABD4OIZ&tZA
r pJV Jill TRANSACTIONS 7
I List *>/jn*/n&*ry sent to any addrxtt. I
TheARTof WISE INVESTING
A book every Investor In the land should
read. Points out the essential characteristics
of safe securities, with a review of financial
pitfalls, etc. Written In an entertaining,
popular style. Just issued. Price per
copy in cloth. SI; by mail. 31.06.
MOODY PTJBI.ISHrNO CO..
35 Kassan Street. IT aw Tort City.
:
j RALL.WAY TRAVEL.
|j C AU FORNj A LIMITED!
§CHICAGO r |N 3 DAYSl
H LEAVES DAILY ATS3OA.mJS
Bl WITH QifS E.RS AND SLEEPERS p»
Other Saata Ta Train si
9:.'M> a. m. VFor Stockton. Fresno. Bakenfleld.
»:C0 p. m. j Merced. Hanfcrd and Visalla.
4:0O p. m. For Stockton,
6:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.: also 27 South 1st. Saa Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CD.
Tilraron Perry, root of Market Street.
SAIT FBANCISCO TO SAN EAPAEL.
AVEEK DATS— 7:30. »:0O. 11:00 a. m. ; 13:33.
3:30.. 6:1O, ti:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra irto
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at l:5O and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30
«:2O. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAEL TO SAN PBANCZSCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:33, 7:50. 0:20, 11:13
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5;0O, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:00. 0:»O. 11:15 a. m. : l:4O. 3:4O.
4:05. 5:05. B:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect J Arrive .
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. ( San Fran.
■Week I Sun- j Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | tion. | days, f Daya
7:30a 8:C0a I S:10a 8:40%
A:3Ok Icnacio. 10:4!) a 10:2O a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p d:2Oa
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 a j 9:10 a! 9:4Oa
8:C0a! Xovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:^0 p
8:10 p 3:30 p| and 7:33 p .jyr*
| 5:00 p| Santa Rosa, (
7:30 a , 10:40 al!0:2O a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35plS:2Op
3:30 p 3:30 p t
J Windsor, "
7:30 a 8:00 a! Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
j Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 pf Oeyserville. 7:33 p' 6:20 j>
1 , ' Cloverdale.
7:30 a! !«:COal Hop land 110:40 a!10:2(> *
3:30pla:30p| and UXlah. [ 7:35 pj 6:20 9
• .■ .1 I Willlts and | I
7:30 aj 8:00 a[ Sherwood. | 7:33 p] 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:C0a| '. 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p; 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:OOa| Sonoma. 1 9:10 a| 8:40 a
B:10p| 5-.00 p| Glen EUen. | 6:03 pj 6:20 p
7:3Oa|'8:0Oa| 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:3Op| ' SebastopoU | 7:33 p 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Braa for San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for Whlta ' Sulphur
Svrinjrs and Mark West Sprlnfra;*at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at -'Gcyservllle < for Share*
Springs; at CloverdaJe for the Geysers, Boone-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopiand' for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy ' Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. W!tt«r Spring*.
Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Uerly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrli*
.Htlghts. Hullvllle.' Orr*s Hot Sprintw. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal: at Wlllits for
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood ]
for Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cummlngs.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard Fruitland.
Dyer, GarbervlUe. Camp 3. Pepperwood Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to- all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronic'.*
JAS.~L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
Mt. Tamaiipais Railway
Lt. Saa frtariicB ■ Ar. fa i Fnaciic*
-.....„.„ 8:33a f^SSMffiff l:30p •10:50*
9:50a 8:3Oa \SSySQjy 3:55p 3:53p
"i:*H? l:45p «:^'^i» ela'J'p
fatodaTi 4:33p y&%r S»tani»T» 11:12f
i »m Griri'.y C>r y m. Tmalpta t» Mill Ti2i;
i 2£, l H 1 65 ° Markkt ST^(North Shore Railrocdi
t OI/ICB J aad Sausauto Fbjuy, Foot UuttH S».AMADOR IS RICH IN
MINES AND FARMS
Gold-Producing District of the 'Mother
Lode Offers Fertile Land to Those
Who Would Grow Fruits or Grain
By Superior Judjrc R. C. Rust.
PERHAPS there Is no county
in California more favored
by nature or more varied in
its resources, than Amador
County.
The situation among the foothills of
the Sierra, where the elevation is
neither too high nor too low, makes
its climate most equable. Its grassy
plains and rich valleys, Cor spring and
winter grazing, and its verdant moun
tain meadow lands for summer make
stock raising an important and profit
able industry.
richer or more productive soil
can be found in our State than the
bottom lands along the Mokelumne
and Cosumnes rivers, where the choic
est fruits, melons, berries and vege
tables of every variety grow in rich
profusion, ready market for which is
found in the cities of Stockton, Sacra
mento and San Francisco, and in the
tewns along the great mother lode;
while carload shipments are made to
the Eastern markets from the ranches
in lone Valley.
. Shenandoah Valley, in the northern
part of the county, yields the finest
grapes and peaches in the market, and
its production in grains and other
cereals is large.
In the higher altitudes the finest
qualities of winter apples and moun
tain potatoes grow in abundance.
About five miles from Jackson and
in the higher foothills the Govern
ment, through the medium of the Uni
versity of California at Berkeley, main
tained a Government experiment sta
tion for twelve or fourteen years, dem
onstrating the fitness of climate and
soil for horticulture and viticulture, as
veil as agriculture, in all its branches.
This experiment station also demon
strated the adaptability of the climate
and soil of this section to the growth
of the olive. A number of the ranch
ers embarked in that industry and are
producing olive oil in quite large quan
tities and of fine quality. This indus
try bids fair to assume gTeat propor
tions in the near future. Less than a
month ago I saw at the residence of
P. F. Allen at Forest Home, in the
northwestern end of the 1 county, navel
oranges and lemons growing and
thriving in the open air, the fruit be
ir.g of fine size and appearance. The
date palms were still too young to
pass judgment upon.
The orchards and vineyards at the
experiment station were grown with
out irrigation and prospered, but, of
course, berries and smaller fruits need
it. and this need can be supplied from
the system of canals and ditches of
the Blue Lakes Water Company, which
take water from Blue Lakes and
Mokelumne River and convey it across
the eastern portion of the upper foot
hills from Clinton on the south to
Plymouth on the north. While this
water supply is now chiefly used for
power and battery purposes at the
mines and mills along the mother lode
and for generating electricity at the
immense electric plant of the Stand
ard Electric Company at Electron, on
the Mokelumne River it can be taken
up again below the plant and used for
irrigation in, the lower or-western side
of the county to great advantage, and
the present flow, of water from the
lakes can be largely increased and
used for irrigation . in the upper ; of
eastern portion of the county.
But as variod and important as
these interests are and as promising
as the future seems to be from this
Ftandpoint Amador County, at the
present time, is classified as a mining
county and one of the most promi
nent in the State. '■%..
The great mother lode, or more cor
rectly speaking, mineral belt, travers
ing its entire breadth from south to
north, contains the deepest mines and
oldest gold producers in the State.
From south and north through the
county, along this lode the Zeile. Ar
ponaut. Kennedy and Oneida mines
in and near the town of Jarkson:
South Eureka and Central Eureka,
n*ar the town of Sutter Creek; the
Keystone, in the town of Amador
City; the Bunker Hill, near the same
town, and the Fremont Consolidated,
near Drytown. All these mines are
now in active operation and producing.
In addition, there is a large number
of mines not in operation at the pres
ent time whose future is promising and
whi<"h need only capital to develop and
add them to the list of producers.
The Kennedy mine is. I believe, the
deepest gold quartz mine in the United
BtMep. bring: 2*>W fept in dentil. It is
operated through three shafts, al
though the principal operations are
conducted throuph the new perpen
dicular shaft, called the East shaft,
and upon which there is the largest
BU-am hoist in the «tate. Adjoining
this shaft the company has erected a
new 100-Ftamp mill, driven by elec
tric power, and supplied with modern
improvements.
The Argonaut, which adjoins the
Kennedy on '*•«» south, is also a rich
The Jackson Dennis Bank
SUTTER CREEK, CALIFORNIA
— Capital $xn;rinti='' '
General Banking Business Transacted
P. DABOVICH, Cashier
All business treated as strictly confidential. All favors consistent with
safe banking will be granted. A general collecting department. Drafts drawn
on all principal cities of the world.-. FIRE AND LIFE INSURANCE.
mine and excellently equipped with
one of the largest power hoists in- the
State and a fine forty-sta.mp mill. The
mill is not running at present owing
to the closing of the mine for several
years during the litigation widh the
Kennedy that has been decided In fa-,
vftr of the Argonaut. Operations were
resumed about one year ago and rock
I* now being taken out and in a few
months crushing will be resumed.
The famous Zeile, in the town of
Jackson, which has been running stead
ily for thirty-five years. or more, is re
building its hoist and a sixty-stamp
mill operated by electric power. This
also is a splendid mine and one of tne
old properties whose value deep oper
ations have proven. It was closed
down for a term of years until dis
coveries in the 1700 and 1900 foot lev
els of the Kennedy, which it adjoins on
the north, induced a company to re
open it with the results above men
tioned.
The Central Eureka near the town
of Sutter Creek is another of the rich
mines that has improved with depth,
it is well equipped with a steam hoist
and a forty-stamp mill run by elec
tric power.
The famous Keystone at Amador
City xs one of the oldest mines on the
mother lode, having been in operation
steadily for over fifty years. It is
equipped with steam hoists and*a six
ty-stamp mill and several Huntington
mills. It has. a splendid record as a
gold producer. j
The Bunker Hill, near Amador City,
is another mine that was closed down
a number of years and then taken
hold of again, and is now one of the
gold producers, and no longer a ven
ture. ■ . -
The same can be sajd of the Fre
mont Consolidated near Drytown, be
ing a consolidation of the Gover and
Fremont mines. This mine is splen
didly equipped and will add another
page to the history of deep quartz
mining in Amador County.
Space will not permit of any men
tioning of many other properties along
the mother lode, some more or less
developed, and others in their virgin
state, but all of which in the future
will add to th wealth and impor
tance of the mining industry in Ama
dor County.
There is a vast expanse of country
lying east of the mother lode, and in
the granite formation that is almost
virgin ground, that contains veins of
quartz earning rich deposits of gold,
and which in my judgment "only, need
judicious handling to prove of great
value. The only mine in this belt of
country that has been thoroughly
prospected is the Defender in the Pio
neer district, above Volcano, which is
yielding handsome returns to its
owners. ,
In addition to the quartz mines in
this region are gravel inines of no
small value, and vast deposits of gran
ite and .marble awaiting the quar
ryman. These hitherto have remained
practically idle, owing to the distance
from the railroad, but this objection
is about to be overcome by the rail
road now being constructed from .he
terminal of the Southern Pacific at
lone, to the towns of j Jackson and
Sutter Creek, and on up the ridges to
the neighborhood rf these deposits by
the lone and Eastern Railroad Com
pany.
I might also mention that in gutter
Creek is located the large foundry
and machine shops of Knight & Co.,
which makes the most of the ma
chinery in use in the mines of this
county, and at the farming town of
lone are the flouring mills of A. Mc-
Call and the lone Creamery owned by
local capital.
These, briefly, are the resources of
Amador County. Its opportunities are
practically unlimited. For here lies
ready to the hand of the seeker of
investment the many and various in
dustries I have set forth. The seeker
after pure air and delightful climate
can find enjoyable homes in the pret
ty foothill towns, of Jackson, the
county seat, Sutter Creek, Amador
City, all on the mother lode, and the
valley town of lone; while those de
siring mountain air and the balmy
breath of the pines can find what
they seek in the higher altitude in
and about the mountain towns of
Volcano, Pine Grove and Olita, whose
inhabitants seldom die. but live on to
that ripe old age when their locks be
come as severed as the lines of the
clouds that hang between the highest
peaks of the Sierra and the heavens
above.
And it is not unreasonable or i im
probable to picture among the oppor
tunities of Amador County in the not
far distant future the rolling plains
that mark the dividing line between
Amador and the other counties of. San
Jcaquin and Sacramento .and join the
valley lands to where the foothills be
gin. A portion is within Arroyo Seco
Rancho divided into small farms wat
ered* by a system of irrigation from
the Blue Lakes Water Company's sup
ply, green with verdure and dotted
AD VERTISEM ENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER IS, 1904.
This school wa» opened July 1. 1S94, and
to the present time 640 boys have been en
rolled." This year the number Is 15S as
compared to 104 last year. There are forty
officers, teachers and employes. The an
nual expense including salaries and Im
provements is $50,000. The class of in-
EDUCATIONAL FACILITIES
-.' OF AMADOR COUNTY
A Liberal Common School Education
Within the Reach of Every
Child.
The school census gives a population of
23S9 children between the ages of 5 and
i 17 years. There are forty-three school
districts In the county, so located that the
advantages of our liberal common school
system are brought within easy access of
every family. Sixty-three teachers are
employed In the grammar and primary
schools, an average of one teacher ' for
every thirty-eight census children. The
school term averages from, eight to" nine
i months each year. Jackson has two two
story brick school houses; Sutter Creek
and lone have also commodious brick
! school buildings. Last year there was
I expended In support of common schools
i the sum of $3S,516— an average of $17 per
head of school children.
' We have one high , school located at
j lone, employing three teachers, for the
• support of which there was raised last
! year $3366. This high school supplies the
i link between the common schools and the
■ university. Graduates therefrom are ex
! pected to be admitted to the Stat# Unl
1 versity without further examination.
REMARKABLE CLAIM MADE
BY A WEST VIRGINIAN'
Heirs of Commodore Watkins Assert
Ownership of Property in Phila
delphia Worth $20,000,000., .'"„■.
PHILADELPHIA", Dec. 17.— Fredr
erick S. Malley of Weston, .W.-.Va., has
retained a lawyer of this city to inves
tigate a remajkable claim against the
Government. Malley says he is one of
a dozen great-great-grandchildren of
Commodore David Watkins, who near
ly a hundred years ago owned, much
property west of the Schuylklll River
in Philadelphia. Upon part of this
property is located the Schuylkill
arsenal. - v o •'• p
About a year ago, Malley claims, he
feurid among the commodore's effects
a paper which proved to be a lease
made out by David Watkins to an Eng
lish land syndicate, which was to make
a formal return of the ground at the
expiration of ninety-nine years. He
believed that this syndicate had in
turn leased the ground to the Gov
ernment, but with, the expressed stipu
lation that it belonged to Watkins and
would have to be returned at the end
of ninety-nine years.
The lease expired last June and Mal
ley says about that time the Govern
ment offered the heirs $16,000,000 in
settlement of the claim of the Watkins
es-tate, but that the offer was declined
because the heirs believed the tract is
worth $20,000,000.
over with fattening cattle. Her foot
hill section is covered over with.or
chards and vineyards and a broad belt
of territory from south to north across
the country marked with a line of
smokestacks shows the course of the
Mother Lode, whose many quartz
mills are tirelessly grinding out the
precious gold that forms the money
standard of our Government, thus pro
viding investments for the capitalists,
homes for the industrious agriculturist
and employment for the deserving la
borer.
THE AMERICAN EXCHANGE
• AND THE SUTTER HOTELS
Among those who are closely, 4 identified
with the interest's of Amador County. M.
D. Nixon, proprietor of the American
Exchange and the Sutter hotels. Is prom
inent. The American Hotel is a three
story structure, conveniently arranged,
elegantly fitted and furnished. The pro
prietor Is a popular host and gives close
attention toward making the service ac
ceptable and pleasant. Every Improve
ment for the betterment of condition? is
added and care is given that the traveling
public and commercial salesmen may
have perfect rest at night and Joy a t
meals, therefore It is evident why Mr.
Nixon has "cornered" the hotel business
in Sutter Creek. .
Knight and Company.
Many are not aware 1 that a machine
shop and foundry in Sutter Creek, twelve
miles from railroad and one hundred and
fifty-two miles from water transportation;
manufactures machinery which is shipped
throughout the world. Yet, it Is true
that Knight's water wheel, electrically
driven pumps • and hoists ' compete with
the same line made in metropolitan shops.
The plant was erected in 1S73, and has
gradually assumed its present volume of
business. S.-N. Knight, the senior mem
ber of trJ* firm, was born In : Brunswick,
Maine, and inherited a Yankee Ingenuity
for mechanical devices. -.-'... . .
This company manufactures its own
tools, which turn out the machinery that
has given it a .world-wide reputation."
Mr. Knight la an' authority ". on . water
wheel power on the Pacific Coast, and in
vented the Bucket . Wheel, which is a
model for other wheels of similar con
struction. finra$tiH4nMBM«g«gi
■ The company has installed their ma
chinery in the Pioneer. Electric . Power
Company, Offden, Utah,' White . River,
Oregon, and Hadley, British Columbia. :
TRt. PROTON SCHOOL Of UnDUoTRY.
structlon Is both Industrial and technical,
and emphasis Is directed toward attaining
three distinct results in forming the char
acter of the pupils, viz.; studlousness. a
thorough comprehension of a trade and
the upbuilding of a good character.
A practical example of the benefits, de-
THE TOWNS
OF AMADOR
Show a Substantial Popula
• tioii and Varied Enterprises
in a Thriving Condition
Jackson, the county seat, is the larg
est town. It has a population of nearly
3000, and is admirably situated at the
junction of the three forks of Jackson
Creek. Main street— the business street-
Is substantially built of brick. It has six
hotels, fourteen general merchandise and
dry goods stores, three drug stores, three
blacksmith shops, one machine shop, two
saddle and harness making establish
ment?, two livery stables, two fraternal
halls, two halls for general purposes, two
weekly newspapers, the Amador Ledger
and Amador Dispatch, one macaroni fac
tory, one lumber yard,' three millinery es
tablishments, two bakeries and over
twenty other business places. There are
four churches— Catholic. .Methodist Epis
copal, Greek Orthodox and Episcopal. The
bank of Amador County is located here,
and Is the only incorporated bank in the
county.:- It has a capital of $30,000 and
deposits amounting- to over $100,000. The
Jackson Gas Light Company has been in
existence about fifteen years. Altogether
Jackson Is in a thriving condition, and Is
steadily growing. Several buildings are
in process of construction at this writing,
to meet the demand for .dwellings. House
rent is reasonable, a four or five roomed
house commanding $10 per month. -A
plentiful supply of water is furnished by
local water works from $1 to $2 per family
per month. For fire protection there is a
volunteer fire company, two buildings for
the housing of the fire hose and carts and
both connected with an electric fire alarm
system which reaches every part of the
city limits.
The county buildings are the .Court
houee and /Hall of Records; both hand
some brick structures two stories high,
with basement in which the jail is lo
cated. The two buildings cost over $60,000,
and will compare favorably with any pub
lic edifice of like character in any county
of the State of equal population.
The County Hoppital | a located on the
outskirts of the town. It comprises two
brick structures, of recent construction,
and provided with all modern conveni
ences. From tlfty to sixty inmates are
maintained, therein.
Sutter Creek is the second largest town,
with a population estimated at 1500: It is
charmineiy situated on the banks of Sut
ter Creek, sheltered Dy gently sloping
hills on either side. It is noted for beau
tiful and well-kept homos. In addition to
the ordinary business houses enumerated
for Jackson, and which are in about the
same ratio to population in this and all
other centers . of tiade throughout the
countv, Suttor Creek has one weekly
newspaper, the Amador Record, also a
private bank, conducted by Jackson Den
nis. Knight's foundry and machine shop
has a reputation throughout the Pacific
slope. It is appointed for -turning and
castings offclarge size, and doing every
description of Iron and mill work. The
head of the firm, S..N. Knight. Is a ma
chinist and inventor of national fame. He
invented the Knight water wheel. The
establishment gives employment to about
thirty, men. _
All these towns are along the mother
lode and depend largely upon the mining
Industry.
Volcano. SCO Inhabitants. Oleta and Pine
Grove 150 each, are In the eastern sec
tion. The smaller mines of this section,
together with wood and timber interests
above, contribute to their support
lone, the trade center of the valley that
bears Its name. > Is the, garden town of
Amador. It has a population of 1000. The
extensive agricultural and pastoral Inter
ests of the valley region insure stability
and steady growth. The merchants do a
large business in handling the products
of farming lands. It is the terminus
of the only railroad that v taps the coun
ty, andis therefore the, most Important
distributing point. It has' a flour milli
a weekly newspaper, the Tone Echo; a
creamery, a bank, owned by J. W. Sur
face & Sons. The high school supported
by the union of nearly all the school
districts of the valley, is located here.
The Preston School of Industry— a State
Institution for the. moral reformation and
industrial training ( of juvenile offenders
occupies a commanding position close to
the town. It employs between thirty and
forty officers and instructors, and has
from 125 to ' 150 pupils..
Lancha Plana. once a bustling /mining
camp, is in the southwestern portion, sup
ported by farming and copper mining of
that vicinity. ... ..
POPULATION . OF
AMADOR COUNTY
Material Increase in Numbers Is
Shown in the'Last
Census. -.' .
• The census of 190O : credited Amador
County with. a. population of 11,116, show-
Ing a . gain over, the census of 1890 of 796.
This population is distributed as follows:
Township one'-.... .......I..'; 3550 -
Township two :."....; ;. . . . . . . ; . ... .1772
- • Township three ............ .......1592 .-•■
Township four .'.'....... 2647"
Township five .1453
Total ...j...... .v.11.116 '
This is lef.s ! than twenty persons to ihe
square- mile. . Two- thirds of the popula
tion? Is -concentrated .'the towns and
mines along the mother.- lode.v Outside of
; this belt' the" land is but sparsely settled.
rived from a course of instruction at th6
Preston School Is shown In the fact that
no student leaves the Institution without
having been secured employment, and of
all the students so placed during the past
year only rwo have not retained their
places.
A PROMINENT FINANCIER
AND PROMOTER
Amador's Lendinjr Exponent of Pro
gress.
" Jackson Dennis is one of the most pro
gressive and influential citizens of Ama
dor County, and It Is due to his untiring
efforts that this section of the State has
been brought into public notice of late.
Mr. Dennis has been a resident of Sutter
Creek for the' last twenty-five years and
during that time he has held numerous
positions of trust and gained the confi
dence of all his fellow citizens.
Mr. Dennis has always been a promi
nent figure in the mining Industries of his
county. He was one of the original pro
moters of the South Eureka mine and
formerly managed the property to the
great satisfaction of the other stockhold
ers. The lone and Eastern Railroad is
another project of Mr. Dennis* thrift and
aggressiveness, he being one of its pro
motors. The manufacturing interests of
butter Creek have also come in for a good
share of Mr. Dennis' attention. He has
taken attractive part In -the, development
and advancement of several such pro
jects.
The residents of Amador Count/ have
always recognized In Mr. Dennis a citi
zen whom they could rely upon to boom
their county and attract men of means
and ability, within their midst. He never
loses a chance to do a good turn for his
community, and It Is due in a large meas
ure to his interests that the mining indus
try has been revived there within the
last few years.
Japanese House Passes Budget.
TOKIO. Dec. 17.— The House ~ of
Representatives to-day almost unan
imously passed the budget as revised
by the Budget Committee along the
lines already outlined in these dis
patches.
Albany Inventor Drops Dead.
ALBANY, Dec. 17.— Charles L.
Dow, a well known inventor and man
ufacturer of agricultural' implements,
propped dead on the street to-day.
CALIFORNIA ANCHOR FENCE
COMPANY OF STOCKTON.
The protection of the right of way or.
a railroad has grown in Importance each
succeeding year. In order to secure the
best protection along the line of the
lone and Eastern Railroad the company
after thorough investigation, selected the
California Anchor Fence as more nearlv
meeting their requirements than any
other on the market. Mr. Edward Rec
ords, president of the Atlas Construc
tion Company, states "that the selection
of the Anchor Fence was due to its
strength and durability; thaflt required
only half the number of posts of any
other: that -it was most securely anchor
ed, and that the final cost was not more
probably less, than the ordinary type of
barbeff wire fence." The California An
chor Fence Company Is located at Stock
ton. Cal., and has built up a splendid
business, owing to the merit of Its arti
cle. Mr. R. E. Wilholt Is president. Mr.
13. H. Thompson secretary, and Mr. G
Cunningham general manager.
SIXTIY-FOOT TRESTLE OF* ICMu; am u iSASTEKM KAiLKOaU.
THE IONE AND EASTERN RAILROAD
A New Standard Gauge Line
Into Amador County.
Impetus Given to the Activities, and
Resources of a Famous
Section of the State.
In tba making of history, railroads have
been a mighty, force toward diminishing
■pace, eliminating the Inconveniences of
travel, reducing the cost of freight and
above all, civilizing:
' In the foothills of Amador County Is
situated the town of lone, a terminus of
the Southern Pacific. From this point the
Iona and Eastern Railroad Company is
building a standard gauge steam railroad
to the towns of Jackson and Amador
City, a distance of twenty miles. This
railroad will serve, the population of th»
tfcree towns above mentioned and will
transport the freight and passengers for
the towns of Sutter Creek, Plymouth.
Volcano, Mokelumne Hill and other points,
and will carry the freight to and from
the great mines of the mother lode, in
cluding the Zeila. Argonaut, Kennedy,
Oneida, South Eureka. Central Eureka.
Wildman. Keystone, Bunker Hill and Fre
mont mines.
The inbound freight will be lumber, oil,
mining machinery, supplies and mer
chandise. The- outgoing- freight will be
ore. sulphurets. tailings, live stock and
later on lumber and marble.
-The business of the company for the
first year after construction Is estimated
as follows: 75,000 barrels of oil. 15,000.000
feet of lumber. 20.000 tons general freight.
| MATERIAL DEPOT OF IONE AND EASTERN RAILROAD.
18,000 tons of concentrates, 20.000 tons of
tailings 60,000 passengers, besides • mall
and express. \ These estimates are based
on the business now existing and carried
on by means of freight wagons and stages
at rates about double those to be charged
by the railroad company.
It is fair to assume that the construc
tion and operation of me railroad will
cause a constant Increase of business and
assure a steadily increasing revenue for
each succeeding year. Competent author
ities state that the earnings per mile of
this road will equal or exceed those of
any steam railroad in the State of Cali
fornia. With the above data as a "work-
Ing force.", the promoters of the road are
sanguine of. the most favorable results to
the citizens of the county and to the in
vestors.
The president of the company is Francis
E. Beck, San Francisco, Cal. The direc
tors are: Francis E. Beck. Henry P.
Hoey. S. C. Scheeline J. F. Burgin. Wil
liam Pardy Sr., G. X. wendling and Jack
son Dennis.
Early in'May of the present year. H. E.
C. Feusier. who knows the Sierras thor
oughly, was engaged a9 chief engineer.
The flr?t preliminary survey was made on
the north side of Sutter Creek. But on ac
count of being unable to secure right of
way, the surveying corps was called In
and nothing further dona till July, when
the County Board of Supervisors granted
a franchise and the right of way by Mar
tell was bought by the company midway
between Jackson and' Sutter Creek, to
which places the line will be extended.
The actual work of construction began
In August by the Atlas Contract and Sup
ply Company, which afterward sublet to
the firm of Kricksnn & Petterson the con
struction of the first section from lone to
Martell.
. Rlsrht of way and terminals hav» been
purchased and seventy-eight acrea, at
lone, were bought from the>Paciflc Im
provpment Company for the yard3. depot
and shops.
The grtat part of the grading has been
completed, most of which was rock work
and necessitated the use of large amount
of powder. The three largest trestles
have been built and another Is under con
struction.
The first track laying was done In Sep-
tember, but on December the 8th an en
gine was secured, a track-laying force or
ganized and earnest effort put forth to
complete the road to Ranlett and have
cars running to thi3 point by January.
This alone will materially shorten the
heavy loads over muddy roads to mines
and towns above. It is the opinion of thft-
Chlef Engineer that the construction of
the railroad will.be completed to Martell
by February.
At the present time the construction
force numbers two hundred and three
men and a hundred and fifty-six horses.
There are twenty-eight men and one en
gine engaged in laying track with a bal
last gang following. Thirty-one cars of
steel have been received and all the lum
ber and timbers for the trestles is on tha
ground.
The road opens great possibilities for
the filler of the sotl. The climatic con
ditions are favorable for the culture of
pears prunes, peaches, apples, cherries
and berries. There are openings for
creameries.
Clay beds are found from which ship
ments are made to the potteries around
the bay.
TT^E CONTRACTORS.
Something of the Men Who Con
structed the lone ami Eastern Ry.
The firm of Erickson & Peterson te one
of the oldest and most substantial on the
Pacific Coast. Charles ErUkson, th»
senior member of the firm, has been en
gaged by the Southern Pacific Railroad,
in its various Improvements for the past
sixteen years. Where there was a tun
nel, or grading, or masonry work needed
he has taken his part In the construction
and has built- some of the most difflcul:
sections on the line, such as the Chats
worth Tunnel. 'For some time the firm
has been engaged on the Central Pacific
reconstruction between Ogden, Utah, and
Reno, Nevada. „
Gu? Peterson has been associated with
Mr. Erickson for. a number of years and
superintended the construction of the
Chatsworth Park. Tunnel the longest tun
nel in California. He is thoroughly in
formed in railroad construction. ' II. A.
Brandon, who has been assistant engineer
for the Southern Pacific for the past three
year* on the reconstruction in Nevada
and Utah. Is the engineer for the firm of
Erickson & Peterson.
. The firm has the contract for the con
structlpn of the lone and Eastern Rail
road, from lone to MartelSs, with the pro
viso "for the construction of the exten
sion?.
This firm also has a contract for the
construction of three miles of the cut*
and fills on the south . end of the- Bay
Shore Cut-Off beeinning midway between
McDonald and Visitation Pcint to the
connection with the present constructed
line about two and one-half rr.tles- north
or Sar. Bruno. This work consists of very
heavy rook cutting which will necessitate
months of work with steam shovels, small
locon*otlves for hauling their vara and
considerable grading with teams. After
tills cut-off is built, instead of the -heavy
grades now existing through the Mission,
there will not exceed on the line any
thing over fifteen feet to the mile. To
make plain to tne lay mind, one engine
•will be able to do the work of three and
in half the time.
'Several new projects are on foot which
this firm 13 figuring on In this vicinity
and elsewhere, and from the large nlant
that It has. it Is evident that there Is
nothing In the way of railroad construc
tion but what It is capable of handling.
3940
WELLS FARGO
President HOMER S. KING San Francisco.
Cashier F. L. LIPM AN ..... 1 ........ San . Francisco.
Ass't Cashier. ........ . .FRANK B. KING .' .San Francisco.
Ass't Cashier. JOHN E. MILES ........... San Francisco.
BRANCHES.
NEW YORK. H. B. PARSONS. Cashier.
SALT LAKE H. L. MILLER. Cashier.
PORTLAND. OR. 1 .R. LEA BARNES. Cashier.
STATEMENT OF CONDITION
AT CLOSE OF BUSINESS, JULY 30, 1904.
Loans .........................••...««••••••««» wio»o84>977»93
Bonds, Stocks and Warrants 2.7*1.864.00
Real Estate a.X30.7Q5.Q3
Miscellaneous Assets *- ' 5.0x6.58
Due from Banks and Bankers ;.;.V.*V :... 1,700^24.59
Cash 3.250,106.16
$25,012,686.08
LIABILITIES.
Capital, paid up $ 500.000.00
Surplus ;.... 5.750,000.00
Undivided Profits Q.,666,545.12
Deposits, Banks and Bankers 2,188,106.06
Deposits, Individuals '. 7.808,034.90
General Banking Business. in all its branches. Correspondents
throughout the world. Accounts received on favorable terms.
DEERE IMPLEMENT GO.
209-211 Market* St.
San Francisco, Cal.
Exporters and Dealers in
Agricultural Implements
Buggies and Wagons
DEERE VEHICLES ARE ALL RIGHT
A Complete Stock of
Jchn Deere Plows . .SchutUer Wagons
D;crc D;sc Harrows Dcering Mowers and
Bcckeye Drilb Deere AH Right Vehicles
Empire Cream Separators R. &. V. Cas Engines
CARRIED IN SAN FRANCISCO
CABLE ADDRESS TELEPHONE
Deer?, San Francsco MAIN 5186
\ , ' ■
SA/y F/?>q/vc/3co
nRYDOCK CO-
lil'i; ! 302 California St.
g I', J' SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
% ' 4»'"w ■"<■.'• ':-'\ Offlc « TeL Main 538
ft «2fe '■■'' ' Dock Tel. South 1153
j&BLj0?$k j _ ?! j s _ VESSELS
''*'*■'■■ l^-iiagdlwW^ii^- 4 a^ slzes ' steam and
It X^V 'eSSES^S^^^^^J* 1 sail> taken out ex Pedi-
% v '^^^^^^sSrs^JS^km'- 1 * tious 'y an<^ at modcratt;
\^^ J^' M^^Wl \ Hunters Point and
wM/y \ I ' F °otpf 16th Street
HUNTERS POINT STONE GRAVING DOCKS
DUCK NO. 1. QB08BHTC ' DOCK' NO 2
L«iRth 493 feet LenRth..'. ."..' 75ft /«.»
WJdtJb «t Copinj... 120 feet Width >t CBptoc.vK-— YrJ."~ : .VXl Ifjet
Deptii Over Sill \ 24 feet Depth of Sill... .../..... ........ |5 J«t
FLOATING DOCKS FOOT OF 16TH. STREET
Length-No. 1 210 fe«t; width 62 feet; cai>able of lifting 1000 tons. . No 2 271
IT^clt- 8000 «x»e«ty. ■ 1800 ton.. ' No. 3. 301 feet; width. 68 fe«t:
A Great Banking House.
It is almost 6uperfluous, to say to any
business man that the Anglo-Californian
Bank, at the northeast corner of San
some and Pine streets . Is one of the great
financial institutions of the ' city and
State, for which leason its fame is inter
national. Its euindinp is very high and
its volume of business is large.
The authorized capital Is $6,000.000, . of
which half has been subscribed and
$1,500,000 paid ln. The surplus . and un
divided profits aggregate J9W.000.
Tho Anglo-Calif ornlan does business
with the Chartered Banks of India. China
and Australia. Its operations are exten
sive in the commercial arena of the civil
lzed world. It transacts a general bank
ing business, including . the Issuing of
bills of exchange, commercial and travel
ers' letters of credit and the carrying on
of a large collection business/
The local managers 'are Ignatz Stein
hart and P. N. Lilienthal. two of the best
known financiers on the Pacific Coast.
The London directors are: J. Simon,
Isaac Selixman, H. • H. . Fowler, E. H. -
Lushington and Joseph Eebag. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Occidental Is a Great Home.
: Strangers have often remarked that the
old and comfortable Occidental . Hotel is
just like a good, comfortable home. It
has been remarked by travelers that
everything, about this ' well-known hos
ffi,'" bu »t on the lines of comfort.
S i m . any iln P r ovement8 . have been
made in the appointments within the last
year-the new management being aggres
sive in adding comforts-yet the eafy-|o
1ns Matures that have - always endeared
the to, the great traveling
public have not, been molested • ttvewn ,*
Ask the great world-travelers from the
Orient and from the . colonies why they
like- the Occidental and they will tell you
that there is an atmosphere of old world
comfort about the place— and the table, u
fit for a king. The cuisine is looked after
particularly, and everything 1 . In the food
line is selected /and cooked with great
Ceirc* EXKfi£3Rf?9flBMR£^9B!^Dft-'**
. The. exceedingly central and convenient
location of the Occidental makes It partic
ularly, acceptable^ business men as well
as toaadies who -desire the .comforts of
borne in the very .heart of the city.
.THE SAN FRANCISCOv CALL;/ ' SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1904.3
DEVELOPMENT IS EXTENSIVE
IN MINES OF THE NORTH.
Sierra and Shasta Promise
Largely for New 'Year ':
Make Great Spurt in Dredging
Sierra County reports indicate that
there will bje much mining in progress
in the vicinity of Sierra City during
the coming year. The Mountain Mes
senger says that the force at the Sierra
Buttes quartz mine has been increased
to seventy-five men. The Northern
Bell mine will largely be operated.
"Westall, who is the new owner of the
Northern Bell, has also- taken a bond
on the Marguerite mine, an adjoining
property. The Keystone mine is work
ing fortv men. At the Mountain mine
twenty miners are employed.
The Redding Searchlight reports a
great amount of development work in
progress in the Lower Springs district,
Shasta County. Scores of men are de
veloping new properties.
The extensive operations of the White Oak
by the Navajo Company, the showing made at
the Crown Deep and the development at the
Milton, the White Oak extension, have had a
tendency to revive Interest ln'the district, and
from all ' appearances it will speedily "develop
into one of the most populous and productive
gold districts in Shasta County.
The Coif ax . Sentinel I savs that . work
will be resumed at Canada Hill, Placer
County, In the spring, at the Golden
West gravel mine: • .
For the past two and a half years the com
pany has been boring Into the hill, firm In
the hope that the channel would be encoun
tered. It was known that It lay some dis
tance back, but the distance was farther than
at first expected. When the present manager,
C. H.' Armstrong,' 'took hold of affairs last
sprlns. the concern was ln a very bad way.
but by hard work the necessary capital was
raised, and the work pushed ahead. The tun
nel began below the old Incline, and has been
driven to- a distance of 1300 feet. It recently
struck the ancient river bed. ..':.>' ■•;
BIG DREDGING OPERATIONS.
Some idea of the growth of the gold
dredging industry in the vicinity of
Oroville is afforded by, an article in the
Oroville Register. Some of the leading
facts are given: ., •■■V'-V;;
There are twenty-seven dredgers now . at
work, and one new one is being built. These
dredgers require 130 electric horsepower day
and nlrht to run them. When the dredgers
began working here they were run by steam,
and wood had to be hauled long distances In
order to supply the demand. Each dredge re
quired during the twenty-four hours five cords
of 4-foot wood, so that to run the twenty
seven boats now in operation here it would
have taken 135 cords of wood each day.' Kach
boat digs from 1500 to 2500 cubic yards a day,
so that the boats taken together may be esti
mr.ted to average 2lKK> yards a day. This
would be then in f round numbers 54,000 cubic
yards a day. • * '
A man with a pick and shovel can . average
r.bout ten cubic yards a day. It would be
possible then for 200 men moving earth only a
few feet to do as much work in a day as a
dr*t'i(*. If such is the fact,' then it would
take 5400 men to move as much dirt in a day
ac the%dreds:prs move here.
According to the Redding Free Press
dredging for gold on Clear Creek, Shas
ta County, will be continued:
The Detroit and California Mining Company's
dredger on Clear Creek, more familiarly known
ns the Helntz dredger, is to be shut down.
The plant will remain Inactive pending a read
justment of methods of working the ground
and a reorrannatlon of th* company, which 1
Is to take place at once. The suction dredger
that is now being used In to he taken out and
replaced with a bucket dredger. This the com
pany directors are confident, after thorough
trial, will be the better way of working the
company's ground on Clear Creek. J." R. Hays
and I,. W. Partridge, of Detroit, Mich., direc
tors of the corporation, spent several dayn at the
plant the past week, and they In company
with Dr. Helntz left Thursday night for San
Francisco to complete the business of straight
ening up the affairs of the company and ar
ranging for its reorganization and the Installa
tion of the new plant. The company's ground
has been thoroughly examined, but the suc
tion dredger docs not do the work profitably.
XEW MARBLE INDUSTRY.
A new marble industry has been in
stituted in Tuolumne County. Of thl^i
the Mother Lode Banner says in part:
The Fale of 160 acres of marble land by
William Grant to the California Marble and
Construction Company inaugurates another big
Industry In thin county. The company ii» com
posed of well-known capitalists. I G. B. Homer
is cashier of Murphy. Grant & Co.: cashier
McCormlck of the San Francisco First National
Hank represents Eastern Inveetors; O. T.
Marsh Is a prominent wholesaler and Importer,
while A B. Johnson and J. L. Geary Jr. are
capitalists William Grant, with his friends,
retains a control of the rtock. After January
1 the work of equipment will commence. Heavy
machinery will be Installed, to be run by elec
tricity brought in on the company's line. The
STRANGLE DISAPPEARANCE
OF PHILADELPHIA MAN
NEW YORK, Dec. 17. — Men'promi
nent in Irish organizations here have
been informed of the strangre disap
pearance of the wealthy grocer and
woolen ■ goods manufacturer, ■ Owen
Kelly, of Philadelphia.
Kelly, who was formerly president
of the Catholic Total Abstinence
League, was one of the. foremost sup
porters of John E. Redmond and the
Irish National League in this country.
It is said he was last seen October 25
at a meeting of the Continental Trust
Company, of which is is a director, in
Philadelphia. It is stated that he led
the element of the Clan-na-Gael in
Philadelphia which took up the Red
mond land, scheme for Ireland two
years ago. A feud followed, which
was carried into the last convention of
the Ancient Order of Hibernians.-
Search for Kelly has • been, very
quiet, his disappearance being known
to few persons. Police " and -."other
rm-ans have failed to find trace of him,
and. for. some reason . which
would disclose, there seems; to be
ground to believe that .' knowledge of
his fate is to .be found In .'that city.
It was : his custom to come : here : twice
weekly on; business. ' ; - :>
, ,* Kelly .is ".5 3.. years old; -? 5 ' feet- 10
inches , in height ; and* weighs 190
pcunds. - . ■':. ■■'._ • '. i.:
THE BOHEMLW CAFE.
A" Favorite, . Fesort I for, ; Business ;■ Men
and Bohemians. • .-
. Among the cafes ] which are , a delight to^
men about .town, none- is. = more -popular
arpong ,thp smart set .than . the -Bohemian'
Caf e, : at 711' Market' street, ; conducted • by,
A. 1 ' G. Hagedorn. one of : the : most .expert
mixologists on the Pacific Coasti; That Its
reputation^ is ■''well .based ;Is? evidenced b^
the superb character ; of the? place.; itself,'
its sumptuous . fittings, choice bric-a-brac,*
magnificent' paintings . and the ''unequkled
character of the 'liquids dispensed at the
bar,- ■ - .'--". ." -v .- •';'.. ;-'.'; t.-Vi '■,'.'■. : jVl'i '
The : Bohemian ; Cafe ; is i the ; .favorite ; re
sort, of business men,. artlst3. and* mem
bers of the t professions generally, and '• its
equipments are not surpassed by. : any
similar establishment in r the ; city. • v The
cafe is a .veritable .atelier, with its^Vene-;
tian. 1 statuary,- Dresden r ' brio-a-brac".' and.
paintings by tho , best » known "I talian;
French ; and ■ German > artists. .-..The- ■ -wains
coting, and fittings of the place are of ma
hogany -polished • to ; a >hlgh degree.^AThe
.walls and ceilings are adorneu with paint
ings ; depicting for. ;the main; part! hunting
scenes, while the mural decorations are of
gold t with- a ' background- ofr creams coior.
The i lunch.' served . to ; patrons .' is> all l L that
the most epicurean taste could flemand. ' ;
quarry land lies high, so that it is a down hill
haul all the way to the. shipping point here.
Experts have reported very favorably upon I tho
quality and quantity of the marble, and there
is little doubt that a market can be found for
all that -.the company ■ produces. ••■ The price of
tho. interest disposed of was $50,000. half cash,
balance secured- by a mortgage.
TheJTuolumne Independent says con
cerning the . end of the litigation be
tween the ; Lightner . Mining Company
and the Utica mine :
Judgment in favor of the Llghtner Mining
Company for $54,000 was awarded by a Jury
ln Calaveras County Tuesday in the company's
suit against the estates of Hobart and Hay
ward. The plaintiff asked for $120,000 because
the defendant mining corporation had mined
ore from, the property of the Lightner Com
pany The Llghtner and the Utica are among
the bcst_ known mining -properties ln the 8tate
ana both have produced large quantities of
gold. The question of damages for trespass
was In _a fair way to be compromised several
times, Charles- D. Lane showing an Inclination
that way. No settlement could be arrived at,
however. , and so the. suit for $120,000 wa*
commenced. ;..' ■ . ..; ■ .
TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP.
Considerable inquiry Is made relative
to the present plan, of organization of
the California Miners' Association, and
several letters have been J received in
which Questions are asked showing ex
isting misunderstanding. The essential
changes in the laws of the association
were noted at the time that the last
annual convention was held in this city,
but it may be well to give a general
outline for the information of all who
are concerned.
The officers are president, vice presi
dent, and treasurer: The leading com
mittee is, the executive, which consists
of seven members of the' association,
who have full . power to -transact all
business. of the. association with the ex
ception of that which- is done at the
annual conventions. The executive com
mittee elects a secretary for the asso
ciation. The part of the new constitu
tion and by-laws' that" is the most im
portant to the public refers to the ques
tion of membership ln the association.
This is in full as follows:.
, v The president shall appoint an election com
mittee to consist of five members, who shall
pass ujon the name of any candidate for mem
b?r*hip in this association and two -dissenting
votes of said committee shall prevent the elec
tion of said candidate. A majority of the
members of ' the committee shall constitute
a quorum for the transaction of business.
All persons,- firms or corporations engaged
In, directly,: interested In or friendly to the
mining Industry are eligible to become mem
bers of this association, provided their elec
tion Is held In accordance with section 2 of
article 4.. ... ..- •
The annual membership dues of this associa
tion shall be as ■ follows, * namely : Individual
mpmbcrship. $3 per annum; .mining companies.
$25 per annum: mercantile or manufacturing
firms- cr corporations ln San Francisco anrt
I>os Angeles directly Interested in the mining
industry. $50 per annum; mercantile or manu
facturing firms cr corporations In San Fran
cisco or Ix>8 Angeles friendly to. but not
directly interested In the mining -Industry, $25
per annum: mercantile or manufacturing firms
or corpora'.ions outside of the cities of San
Francisco and Uos Angeles, dlrtctly or in
directly Interested in the -mining industry, $25
per. annum. * ■-. •'• .....
. Any county association of miners within the
State. of California Fhall be entitled to rspre
sentatton at the annual' meeting or any special
meeting of this association. In proportion of
one representative for each five members that
it may; have: provided, that on or Wore the
1st. day of Octob*r of v each yeeft-mich county
association shall notify the - secretary of this
association of Its desire for fuch representa
tion for the ensulns" year and pay Into the
treasury of this association' five dollars ($5)
for each representative that, it may claim:
ami provided, fuither, that each delegate ho
appointed shall be an elected; member, of this
association." • -..-•«
The association year shall run ' from the 1st
day of r October ln each-year and dues shall b«
payable ln advance, and If mot > paid within
three months shall b'come delinquent. Any
member so delinquent shall b? suspended from
the association and his name dropped from the
lift thereof. Any member so dropped may o-j
reinstated by the election committee upon the
payment of his back dues previous to the time
of his susp?nnlon.
"Every member of this j association ln good
standing xhnll be entitled to vote. at all meet-
Ings of the association. <
All mercantile or . ■ manufacturing firms or
corporations, members of this' association, in
Rood standing. . shall be entitled to a. repre
sentative with power to vote at all meetings
of ■ this association, provided, however, that
said rerresentntlves ■ must be . furnlsh*d with
duly accredited credentials • from i the mercan
tile or manufacturing; firm or corporation that
he repr*sf nts. r ■ . ■ -
. No member or delegate shall be allowed to
vote by proxy. . .-■-. ,'."
NEVADA NATIONAL BANK
: AMONG GREAT INSTITUTIONS
Substantial Showing.
. No financi.il institution of the Pacific
Coast has stood so soundly in good times
nml bid as the Nevada National Bank of
San Francisco. This great financial cor
poration has been identified with the
building up of the city and has been
the repository for millions upon millions
of dollars that have fed the arteries ot
commerce in this growing metropolis.
The Nevada National Bank is known all
over the world and Its various connec
tions with institutions of international re
pute-have assured tt J a large field of ac
tion. ■ ■ ■ . ■ ■ • . .
Isalas \V. Hellman. the president of the
bank Is widely known as a very able
financier, and the several banking institu
tions over which he presides have a rec
ord of unqualified success. .
The following is condensed from" the
statement of thebank|made to the comp
in i££ ° . the . currency dated November
t i-W. X*J\)* t VIZ.. V ■ -. '. r t " , . ,.'■;- ? " '
T -'■' '■' KESOURCES:
Loans and Discounts. • • $5 42S 050 8S I
United States- Bonds, ' 3|4G-'.OO3 H3 '
.Other Bonds.. * . : 1.452.5S1 38 I
HankliiK-houre furni-' • ■'"" - . •
_ture and ttxtures.. ■ .' . '353,350 00 '
Redemption Fund' . . '
, -j with; U. S; : Treas- ' .' ,• • •
Customers, Llabuiijr .150.000 00
under' letters of" •" '' i ' r>
■■" credit., etc;.'. :..*.'..• 2.100.207 77;
Money; on: ihand.v; .J2.977.C56 68 " .
Due 1 tromKBanlls.'.'. .,•3,823 725 69 ' . '
Total Available Cash -; v 6,800.782 27
• ■-. -■.■•■.:•'• »V. ■"•'>..-'■; ' '110,747.07223
■-■•'■'"-- '..•1JABILITIE8:;, ; - , \
Capital , f ,' . .-. . ; .., ; w .. . . $3,000,000 00
Surplus and undivided profits • 1.638.261 01
Sterling Credits, etc...:..,..:..:: 2.100.771 13
National 'Bank Notes.:-. ■..*... I 3.000 000 00
Deposits . .....:...../...........; 10,008,040 09
' . " - . " ' ■' -.■'-- *-.', ; ■ r : ..- r $19,747,072 23
•'The , officers { of - the bank are: Isalas
w. Hellman, president; Jdhn. P. Bigelow.
vice president ;.1;iW. Hellman Jr.. vice
president; George Grant, cashier; W. Mc-
GavlnjT assistant, cashier. ' ,•
TheT Associated 'oil rCompan y.
.The -business of this company'^has kept
pace - with the ' eerieral • growth of , the oil
-business throughout -the, State, and its
plant- has -been 'increased: steadily until It
is : now -in ;• position • to /deliver ' oil rapidly
from -, lta x>wnt tanks 'and i stations to any
point either Jn California or Arizona.
,.- In addition; to * the original, properties
ow " e . 4 : by .them Mn» the Kern; River and
McKittrick ; districts • they , now' have large
holdings in ; Coalinga' and at Los Angeles
through { the Amalgamated ; Oil Company.
W £>IP^ have. been rece.ntly.acquired;
Thc'r . .-. tankage ■. at . ; various points
throughout the. Sta^e ..aggregates- three
million barrels. ; .They aremarketing more
tnan.pne-thlr.d . of -the ; entire '.amount of
fuel oil consumed in the State. 4
■": The' stockholders/ of; this, company are
.to.be congratulated, upon- the conservative
and: excellent manner in *whlch| the.direc
tors . have handled the
«. iThe only) sure '■. cure ' for . most things
Is not' to 'have'^them7 - 'X~*"' : '-'??- v: '/:"- •' : -,^,
l\7lTf -n A WM MAKING.... •
: V IJLGAN AND REFRIGERATING MACHINES f
g ReUrences-SOO MACHINES in Opei ' atl^'. !
0 Enterprise Brewing Co., San Francisco, Cal. , I™ |tt q
Q ''The 25 ton .'Vulcan'- Machine has' been in constant us: 20 q
T? D^pt of s&tl£f act Ion.** ■ , . h
2 Plant on the Pacific Corat." M&fiBr c| - 1 tt^r^V ®
% Mineral Wool, Insulating Paper, Calcium Chloride. ' . ' ■ •
;J/ SEND FOR CATALOGUES O
|i!l VULCAN IRON WORKS * an^r !sco |
AMERICAN FLAG
WAGGER'S FAD
Yankee in London Is Teach
ing Englishmen Not to
Confuse Banners of Xaiions
LONDON, Dec. 17.— There is an ec
centric American in London "society,
well known in high official circles, who
is quickly earning for himself the title
of "flag-wagger." The ignorance and
lethargy displayed in London with re-*
gard to the meaning of flags, which are
flown over all sorts of buildings, is cer
tainly not now noticed for the first
time, but it has been left to this ener
getic American to rouse the old metroo
olis to a sense of its duty.- Flags which
are wrongly made, and which conse
quently have no meaning, he abhors,
and if he saw a Dutch flag' hauled to
the top of a pole, under the evident im
pression that it was a French, tricolor,
he would not scruple to get out pf'his
carriage and ask the owner if he knew
what he was about.
But what was begun casually is now
becoming his chief business in life, and
he has found a far better vantage
ground for viewing these ill-arranged
banners than when craning his neck
out of the window of a brougham. This
is from the top of a penny omnibus,
and wet mornings or fine he will mount
this plebeian vehicle in order to take
notes, and to see tf the post' card he
sends' to offenders has had the desired
results.' ■ ; - • -'{>:•■
GEORGE GOOD
MAN ARTIFICIAL
STONE CO.
Mr. John Taubel. who for the past
fourteen years has had the management
and _ superintendency for George Good
man, is now general manager for the
George Goodman Artificial- Stone Com
pany at 307 Montgomery street, under the
Nevada Block, where he. Is giving the
same caieful supervision and attention to
the carrying out of contracts. as hereto
fore, under tho old regime.
BRITISH PEER'S
SPLENDID YACHT
Earl Eitzwilliam Is the Own
er of the Largest Private
Pleasure Craft in World
, LONDON, Dec. 17.— Some Americans,
who enjoy a home on the rolling deep
and have the money wherewith to af
ford it, may find it' worth' while to fol
low the example of Earl Fitzwilllam.
This nobleman has just purchased the
Union-Castle liner Harlech Castle, with
the intention '.of 'using her as a yacht.
As she is of 3264 tons, he will- probably
be able, to boast that he has the largest
private yacht in the world.
The vessel did hot cost him anything
like as much as he would "have, had '-to'
pay for a craft of the same size built
to 'order."- There are seven or eight sim
ilar vessels, some much larger, now laid
up*- at l Southampton, having been dis
carded from the x regular service to
make way for bigger and speedier
steamships. For people who like plenty
of room and are content with moderate
speed they, would make '"excellent
yachts, arid their size gives them an
imposing appearance. ;.,
The Most Popular.
- Daily and nightly evidence. is. furnished
that the 'Techau Tavern.' at 113 ..Mason
street is .the most popular- dining and
after-theater resort of San Francisco." Not
only, are "our own: people delighted with
its service,' viands, music arid /manage
ment.* but visitors from far. and near her
ald its many attractions to their' friends
and fellow travelers, with the result that
it has attained a reputation throughout
the .United States. «. A factor in its suc
cess is that original dishes and- appetizing
delicacies are being served; so"; that, con
noisseurs are pleased and their delights
in' the good" things in life"' increased, by
something new, temptingly gotten'. up and
served as only the Techau Tavern can.
Libel - for ; Damaged * Soap.
W. C. B de!,'Fremery;&' Co.,as as
nignees of Q..W. McNear & Co., filed a
libel- yesterday in 7 the*'.. .United
States • District .Court £ against . th"e
sh I p Grenad a ' to recover t - ; $ 2 0 0 0
for damages : to .'a ; rcargb i.*ot ; soap
shipped : from Antwerp to~; McNear '. '&
Co. in this city. Libelant ;alleges 'that
the ' soap . was improperly ? stowed* and
that it was damaged , by water. \
Unger's Hearing Postponed.
r. United States Commissioner' .He'a
cock; yesterday postponed the prelimi
nary examination of Cress Unger; to
January 14.° ' linger : is - charged with
embezzlement " of Government money
while acting as seizure- clerk: in the
Custom-house. .- r ' - ■ - ; " .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A DROP OF INK MAKES MILLIONS THINK.
* * '
*' 3
8000 NEWSPAPERS ABU PBIHTED WITH OTTB INK. ',
' WE MAKE 10.000 LBS. O7 PKINTIJTO UTX PEX OAT. \
f! aiifornia ink Company
/ > '.
H ■ . H Manufacturer of
|! PRINTING AND LITHO. INK. ||
\ . MAIN OFFICE— 415 Commercial St., San Francisco. \
\' . BRANCH OFHCES: !;
\ SAW FBAXCISCO. HEW YOBK. CHICAGO. I;
LOS ANGELES, SEATTLE, POBTXAZTD, *>
HONOLULU. H. I. MELBOURITC, Ar.it. STBHET, Anst. \\
CITY OP MEXICO. COLOMBO. Ceylon. SSANOHAI. CMaa, J
YOKOHAMA. Japan. MAZAT1AH. Mei. li
PACTOKIES — San Francisco and West Berkeley. •, \y t
i California Cas and Electric Corporation I
§ LONGEST ELECTRICAL TRANSMISSION SERVICE IN THE 5
WORLD. «
.§' OWNING AND CONTROLLNG ONE THOUSAND MILES OF «
g ELECTRIC SERVICE. g
| . SEVEN POWER HOUSES. g
I I FOURTEEEN GAS PLANTS. |
S * • - * T?ATT \X7AVQ S
'% SUPPLYING 18 CITIES IN CENTRAL AND NORTHERN g
g CALIFORNIA. g
% OPERATING IN 23 COUNTIES. g
% INSTALLED IN POWER PLANTS 50,000 H. P •?
£ DEVELOPING 100,000 H. P. ADDITIONAL. g
I OFFICES: SIXTH FLOOR, RIALTO BUILDING S
De LAND BROS.
;| Brass
| Copper and i
Sheet netal ]
I Workers ]
HARDWARE
> A Specia'.ty Made of !
| Every Description of" Marine. Work i
| TELEPHONE FRONT 64' j|;
> . • Have Removed to !;!;
70-72 SPEAR ST., S.F.
•••••••••••••••••••••o
5 ■ ■ ■ ■ • ■■- - ' "-'/••
• Sverylhing \\
• '. ..■'•■' %
! I i
ipaper'i
I - 1
1 ft. ZELLEBBflCH & SOUS j
o ; o
,• ;- .'="■■ ■ • •■■-- ■ ■ O
• J 416-426. Sansome Street, ©
.•.••.; - - -■■■ ■ -. - A
® San* Francisco, Cal. •
.SACRAMENTO, Dec. 17.— Yesterday
Governor Pardee appointed Clarke
Howard as Superior Judge of Al
pine County to succeed . Judse Ar
nott, resigned. Judge jreslgned
and. removed to' ( El Dorado* County,
where - he _ was elected. Superior Judge
"at": the'Xovember election.
CALIFORNIA ARTISTIC
METAL AND WIRE CO. .
Manufacturer* of
Iron,
Bronze
and
Wire
Work
539 MISSION STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Telephone Main 1545.
C
iiiriiijiBE^
REDWOOD AND PINE
LUMBER I
Railroad Ties,
Sawn Redwood Poles.
A FULL LINE ' OT MOLDI2TOS
ahd zttszdx: rnnsB con-
stantly OH HAND. ',
SPECIAL PATTERNS XUTt TO
ORDER OH SHOST HOTICE.
Telephone Private Excsanre 634.
City Office
Crocker Blcig.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 17.— United :
States Commissioner F. G. Havens of
Imperial has resigned. It is said that -j
Commissioner Havens' resignation was.
induced by the factional contests that*
have long been waged among the res-1
Idents of the Imperial district.PuSp and Paper
COMPANY""™^' '
Manufacturers M*aufacturer« and Dealers
c^ WRAPPING PAPER,
25 PAPER BAGS.
Lebanon Straw TWINES, ETC. :
South Gsast — : — —
No. 2 Manila 410-412-414 Sansome Street
Hlld R3g, SE - Cor. Commercial.
— 1 . San Francisco, Cal.
Telephone Exchange 352.
Buyer and Seller 34.
S555W * Wii S^Wi«S««$S$SSS$$$' r^AS. B. PTGBOE. Pre«.
EDWARD G. HUGHES
511 SANSOME STREET ° VCr pcr cent of the merchants
_ IUWI using cash registers are using "• ■ -. : ■-
---«. NATIONALS
DO YOU? !
Sold on easy monthly payments. I
..fka Orders Solicited..
rt\ : MM pierce ®> co.
Telephone Main 449 'w.
* 14 TURK STREET
Phone, South 103. SAN FRANCISCO
W. T, GARRATT & CO 1 ~ — 1 — " — . • . - — ..
■ fl MUrt.l.Jrtll Kb UUl W1NFIELD S. DAVIS BURT L. DAVIS .
Manufacturer, and Dealer, In FIR5 CASUALTY MARINE
BRASS AND | I D C niVI^ X
IRONQOODS J J. D. V.UtA V IO (X
For Water, Steam and Gas | . .... "'"■"''.'.'■ j- :.•';/•''•'• ■'
- | J | General JNSURANCEgilii:::
rassan e oun ry managers Standard marine Irsurance Company of Liverpool; Ekgland
MEClline and Plimp WOrkS | D . SPRECKBLS & BROS. CO, General -Agents
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE . SEATTLE OFFICE
138 10 142 FREMONT STREET 2.5 Sansome Street. ||g||pP|||^||||
ci| r« IIP ,.p fl nil Telephone Private Exchange 68- j» ' ' Mana^r
oAI f-RARClSCU, CIL ■ - \ ,,, ; . . • - manager.
A California Cement for California Builders
General Sales Agents: WE5TER^^^
*, ' '^1^^ Cj?5 1 1 ror*n o - *^^^^"t,«- ' - : :> j>^^^@ ■ •-• • '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1904.
CRIMINAL INJUSTICE IS UNPUNISHED
Officials WhOi Twice- Sent Innocent Man to Jail Gon
'tinue to Enjoy Their Fat Salaries.
- LONDON, Dec. 17. — A report has
Just been issued by the' commission
appointed to find out who was respon
sible for the woeful and. disgraceful
miscarriage of justice in the Beck
case. It is an appalling revelation of
official laxity and stupidity. It shows
that the costly " machinery of the
Home Office, supposed to be especially
devised that the innocent may not suf
fer for the guilty, is in as bad a state
of muddle and inefficiency as that of
the War Office. . ■
There is no suggestion,' however,
that anybody ought to lose his job.
The Government shows no indication
of any intention of giving the sack to
any of the officials whose blundering
incompetence twice led to the convic
tion of an innocent man and to his
imprisonment on the first occasion for
a lone term.
RAILROADED TO JAIL.
It will be remembered that Adolf
Beck was first tried and convicted
IS 96 before Sir Forrest Fulton for
frauds practiced on credulous women
and sentenced to seven years' penal
servitude. It was assumed by the po
lice and the Judge that he was a
criminal named John Smith, who had
been'sentenced for a similar offense In
1S77. Beck could have easily proved
that he was not Smith, since in 1877
he was In South America. But Sir
Forrest Fulton would not permit his
counsel to introduce such proof.
"He was convicted," states the of
ficial report, "on evidence from which
everything that told, <y might be
thought to tell in his favor, was ex
cluded. His case was never tried."
When Sir Forrest Fulton, after
denying Beck every . opportunity . to
prove his innocence sentenced him to
seven years' penal servitude; he held
th«» office of common ) sergeant, for
which he was paid $12,500 a year.
When Beck, after serving his sentence,
was again arrested early this year for
crimes committed by the same John
Smith, Sir Forrest Fulton had been
promoted and was filling a $20,000 a
yrar office as City Recorder.- On the
application of Beck's counsel he made
an order postponing the trial that the
prisoner might bring some witnesses
from Sweden. The next day, at the
request of the prosecution, he re
scinded that order.
"The result was," states the report,
"that Beck was not in a position to
raise or prove his defense." Twice, it
is thus shown, Sir Forrest Fulton was
responsible for the miscarriage of jus
tice. He still holds his $20,000 a year
office, •• and there . is no indication .that
he will be asked Ho resign' it. :
EXPERTS WARPED EVIDENCE.
/T." H. Gurrin. a handwriting: expert
employed by ,the treasury, declared, let
ters written by Beck and Smith to be
in the same hand. An examination of
fac-similes of Smith's and Beck's hand
writing shows there is hardly any re
semblance between them. Gurrin con
tinues to be employed by the treasury
as a handwriting expert. .
Beck bore only a general resemblance
to Smith. A comparison of the record
of Smith's identification marks in the
possession of the police with Beck's
features would have shown that he was
not Smith. But the Public Prosecutor,
whose zeal . procured . the conviction of
an innoc nt man, appears never to have
consulted this record. . He gets a big
salary, but his neglect will cost him no
more than" the censure implied in the
commission's report. . v .
£ BLUXDER REPEATED.
After Beck had been three years in
jail he did ' succeed in satisfying the
Home Office that . he was not Smith.
But it led to no revision of his case.
His petitions were read and pigeon
holed as before.
"The fact is," says the report, "that
if there had been any one Ip the Home^
Office In the chain of subordination up
to the permanent Under. Secretary,
whose legal training had .enabled him
to convey in*a minute the real nature
of the miscarriage, the attention of
that official mupt have been called to
the cure In such a fashion us to com
pel intervention."
When Beck was arrested a second
time as Smith and a second time tried
and convicted, the Home Office never
communicated to the police the fact
that he had proved he was- not Smith.
For these gross blunders no one is
to'be discharged, and the 1 nation will
continue to pay J7S0.OOO a year for the
administration of; a department that
has been 'shown to be criminally ineffi
cient ', . •";•■-:
FIREMAN'S FUND INSURANCE
COMPANY A IX)CAL CONCERN
Rapid Grqtrth of a ' Great Financial
Organization That Is Typically
California!!.
It was in 1S62 that William Holdredge
conceived the idea of organizing a fire in
surance company that would be a Cali
fornia concern. Ho put his ideas to a
number of then prominent merchants and
capitalists and in August of 1862 the Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company became a
reality with a capital of $200,000. .
Where thousands .were Invested ' in in
surance in the early sixties millions are
represented now. The last statement of
the Fireman's Fund shows that the com
pany's income is a total of $3,<70,7SF63 for
the year. The losses . paid during that
time were 91.293,668 07 on nre risks and
$311,384 62 on marine risks. The net sur
plus in 1904 is $2,156,118 80. The investments
have been judiciously placed and its as
sets are based on the best of securities.
The officers of the Fireman's Fund are:
William J. Dutton. president; Bernard
Faymonville, vice president; J. B. Devi
son, second vice president; Louis' Weln
mann, secretary; George H. Mendell Jr.,
assistant secretary; R. B. Fabj, general
agent, and F. W. Lougee, treasurer.
Mr. Dutton came to San Francisco in
1855 and Is a son df -Henry Dutton, a
revered pioneer. In 1S67 he first saw serv
ice with the company and from that time
on he rose rapidly.
Mr. Fayntonvllle came to California in
1S«< and settled in Fresno, where he soon
built up what was one of the largest
agencies in the State. He accepted a
position with the Fireman's Fund in 18S1
as special agent and adjuster and his
promotion was made in steady steps from
that on. .
Mr. Levison cast his lot with the Fire
man's Fund In October, 1890. when he left
the old Anglo-Nevada Insurance Com
pany, whose marine business was ab
sorbed by the Fireman's Fund in that
year. ~
Mr. Welnmann first saw service with
the company at Benicia. where he acted
as local agent. In 1900 he was chosen
secretary. In January. 1902. Mr. Mendell
was elected assistant secretary. Mr. FabJ
succeeded Stephen Ives as general agent.
Mr. Lougee was elected treasurer in 1S35.
The general offices of the Fireman'3
Fund in this city are at the southwest
corner of Sansome and California streets.
CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS ?r-i
_AT HOTEL DEL MONTE
The_ Country Never Looked Prettier.
Tlie Golf Links Were Never
Greener.
This is to- tell- you that by reason of
remarkable natural conditions thi3 pres
ent winter season of 1904-05 is far ad
vanced, so that the months of December
and January at Del Monte are sure to be
like spring, with summer peeping around
the corner. The golf links, sweeping
over the hillsides that slope from blue
Monterey Bay. were never greener,
meadow larks carol among the live oaks
palms and pines send forth young buds
and branches, flaming dahlias wave in
the 'bretze. This Isn't the season for
Inidaummer gayety. but it's just the time
and the best time for you to take a week
or so of idling rest, cheerfully mingled
with sport on the golf links, on horse
back, climbing the mountains that rise
to the eastward, or angling for the game
tish of the bay.<* - .
fieaiemtoer tils, that Hotel del Monte
offers. more natural attractions and more
comforts and luxuries, than '• any other
resort . In -the, world. Remember, too.
that the climate here is delightful every
day. in -the year. and. should the warm
rains, keep you indoors, there's bowling
for. exercise and miles of corridors and
glass-inclosed porches. Remember, too
that this hotel is fashionable onlv be
cause it offers the best; that it is popu
lar because, every one can here have a
good time, any time,'; every time. Re
member, too* that it's a home place
where the children can be happy, and
families can enjoy themselves ■ for
months without disturbing household
cares. Why not plan to spend a w»ek or
two here? Get out your golf sticks and
woo Mother Nature and good health on
thf- luring links.
Special over Christmas or over New
Year's day rate — Saturday to Monday
from San Francisco, including, railway
fare and two days' board at the hotel
only $10.00. Leave Third and Townsend
street depot at 3 o'clock (parlor car)
reaching thr hotel at 6:48. Geo. P. Snell'
Manager. Del Montf. California. • -.
CHILEAN SENATE RATIFIES
THE TREATY WITH BOLIVIA
■ •- -■ .^ v ' ■ •
Valparaiso Soon to Witness a' Bis
Demonstration Asainst the ' . '■".
Clericals. s
VALPARAISO, Chile. Dec. it.— The
Senate" has finally ratified the peace
and friendship treaty with Bolivia,
A big anti-clerical demonstration,
similar to that which recently occurred
In Santiago, Is being prepared.
A 'House Li ke Gibraltar.
Every city has at least a few business
houses of such sterling character, and
high standing that to mention them is to
suggest the stability of Gibraltar. In the
comparatively new cities of the great
West such houses. are of course rare, as
the. ups and- downs* of business . leave
many changes and wrecks along the high
ways of commerce. - v. .
In the dry:goods line of commerce In
San Francisco the old and leading firm of
Murphy. Giant A Co. is not only a
pioneer establishment, but it is a leader
in its line as well. Beginning its career
In pioneer times it has ever studied the
needs of the people and striven to meet
tho demands of its large and constantly
growing, business. Its achievements an a
purveyor In its chosen field have enabled
it to extend Its ramifications to all parts
of the State, as 'well as throughout the
great. West and into the Orient as well
Its [building at Bush and Sansome streets
has long ' been i headquarters . for every
thing staple In. the dry goods line. 1 The
members of this firm have long held high
positions In both the business and the
social world.
B!*r Fire in Colorado Mine.
SILVERTON, Colo., Dec. 17.—Dam
age, estimated at Jl.00,000, has been
caused: by fire at the SilverLake mine.
It has cut off the supply of ore from
three-mines *to the mill: and thrown
300 . men out of employment.
Successful -Coffee and Rubber Plan
.':;'./.' tations.
; . On October 29th last the following
gentleman < left ' San Francisco hn the
steamer San ■ Jose for a thorough Inspec
tion of La Zacualp'a: Rubber . Plantation;
also the six coffee plantations and rubber
plantation. Juilapa. belonging to the Hi
dalgo f, Plantation ' and , Commercial Com
pany: '■> •-.' ■ -^ _.
O. H. Harrison. ' James Q. Harrell.
Albert Raas. • .. - George F. Newcomb.
Donald J. McKay. Harry J. Miles. ..
George R. Ewart. .
Mr. Miles accompanied the expedition
to photograph in the most artistic man
ner the great development : of • both ' th*
coffee and rubber plantation*, including
moving pictures of life on these valuable
properties..- - > : .-.'-"> • - ■ - >^xs^
- 1 The party i» expected to return to this
city ' before Christmas, and early in the
year a : report will be ■ issued and an . ex
hibition^ given 'so that; our citizens may
see the great importance of these Indus-
Franco-Swiss Treaty ; Slened.
. PARIS. I De<v 1 7^— Foreign , Minister
Delcasse announced at a Cabinet meet
ing yesterday the signing of a Franco-
Swiss arbitration treaty, similar to the
FrancOTBritish f agreement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
?:2&^f. a^~ '■• . ■ -.-.-■ ■ . . - ■ . 5>5 *-.'" '•* ■*'' i* fi *r > ' ' v :. ■■ ■ > v -.■-■
:■ ■ ■- ..;-.,.' A ■ " ' ' * ' ■ ■ ■ ■'■■ ' f ■ '' '■'"■ % ' " "^ K y& -^S^^«QKB C^3tf jWK^^t \ t " V3 jB^^HCM*" - - " *■ ■' ■ .';'"""
\ FERAY STEAMER. "BERKELEY" I
) LSKOTE 379 PEET. OBOSS TOWAOS 1945. \
\ DEPTH 1$ ITEET. XTET TOSSAGE 1345. \
\ EZTBEME BEAM 64 FEET. f
w:a.boole¥son
Incorporated
' Shipbuilders
== — = AND — =
Engineers
Office: 20 California Street ' Shipyard and Drydock
SAN FRANCISCO OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA
A. E. WELLINGTON, Secretary.
W. A. BOOLE, President.
Drydock and Ma- Best facilities on Pa-
rine Railway, Ca- cific Coast for the re-
pacity 4000 Tons pairing of wooden,
Dead. Weight. . • |ron or steel vessels
Pacific Tool and Supply Co.* I
— DEALERS IN 8
FINE TOOLS AND MATERIALS FOR WORKERS IN METALS ?
/ 101 to 111 FIRST STREET |
S. E. CORNER MlSSiO^ Telephone Friiate Exchange 177 :
. . , . . a j i
■ — — — • r -
— i o
For Ease in Washing and Pleasure in Bathing Use
20 MULE TEAM BORAX
Sold Everywhere
. : ■ —mi — - — : 1 o
VALVm^ GO. I
LEONARD &. ELLIS DEPT. i\
■ ' : ■ r- : • •.•;•:••••'■,: ■ : i\
.TBADE MARK. . il
J\^ * * " ' ■ 'S\ " " $Z
"" "* * " • {i
LUBRICATING OILS^^T^S |
416 and 418 FRONT STREET |
Telephone Main 1719 . SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. $
REFINERIES! £
EOGF.WATER, N. J. WARRBV. PEfOf. ,*>
For Simplicity, Efficiency and Durability.....
Cannot* Be Beaten.
\dperated by Any Available Power and Built to
"/Withstand the Most Severe Duty.-
GEO. E; DOW PUMPING ENGINE GO.
.179 First/ Street* San FrandscD, CcL
4142
■ OF SAN FRAWC1SC0 '
71" MAKKt.I
- '^^^f^tT*PH . OPPOSITE THIRD
II £ Z2 i 1|| [I Guarantee Capital - $1,000,000
S?3r 'H '?il]{;? Paid-Up Capital - 300,000
■li'feE: Si^ fiiim • surplus ,- . - - 235,000
aj&c'&tJf^S&jli * II St G> MUBPHY •*•' ........ ...rirVt Vice-Presldeoit
r -*y...^, .^y»~^^ p; g^. H?^^^; j|£g[ JOHN A. HOOPEE Second Vico-Presideat
EgJ ' J^V" : 'Um»' ' v tJTj^- lffitfis*«gtfj^^g|MMCTteaM QUO. A. STORY Secretary and Cashier
»_j - - KfeSi jSJfelt. &&£*?■ ■ C- B * HOBSOI » As«t. Sec. and Asst. Cannier
"~. - } *^™" r *^^^^^ rBAKK J. SXTLLIVAN Attorney
n&f ~ «mM " rtijj .. 'jEfc:j j30tj8^joKwtfssWwSi*f8?y^S« jasces s. puelan, s. o, iitjephy,
&*|,-^fe»y% (r^- r" t . .^^^B^fwmiaFgBiCT^^^M john a, hoofis, james moffitt.
aS^wfegr" JAS ' M * McDOHAl;3> ' CHAELES HOLBBOOX,
MUTTJAii i sAviTOsaAirKBTOiwo; Interest Paid on all Deposits. \
S^ hf**S. TvsIbii !«•▼• mma mrm <1si« |
/v^crrr^xX toarrlT«at
(S£§SS^d 8AN FRANCISCO.
\-a **/ Ftezt Dzror i
13*^ (Toot cf Market Street »
lir* - MAIN LINE. -aki»t»
7 CCa * «c;*vi:i.-. ik'iniers. Kum»ejr- 7 J>0»
7 nn» Her.lc:l», Elmlnkami Bacnmento.. 7.20P
7 30* VsMcJo. Ntpt. CaUsroca, fcaau
Hum. Mar:iuez. Saa l:.tmon 6.20» |
" 30* Sties, Tracy. Latbrop, 6 lock ton. ... 7.20* i
8 00a bhasta Expresa— (Via Uarls).
William*. Willows. tFruto. Ke4
Blu!T. I'crrian.i. Tocouna. Semli'e 750» '
8 CCa Davis. Woo«S!»nd. CnlchU Landtntj.
>larr«Ule.OroTiUe 7-50*
6 30* Martinez. Antlocb. Jiyron, Tracr.
Stoclcton. >'evmu, Los Banos,
Mendsta, Artnooa, Han ford.
VlsalU. r^rtprvllie «.20»>
8 53a Tort Cotta. Modesto. Merced.
Fresco, o«-Lrn Jaoction. Ban-
__ ford. VlsalU. RaVerslleld 4.S0*
830a y.-.rt, Saa Jose. I.lvcrmore. Stock-
tin. f-M!:toni. ivr.c. 6acramento.
MBryKriMc. Cblco. Ue4 BlnJT * 70»
B-Sua Oakda:e. Chm«.e, JamesiOT7n. So-
cor*. Too'.untur and A one'.* 4.20*
S COa Atlantic Kxpre*t— Owlco and Ran. 6-20P
8.50a Klebmond, Martinet end Vftj
8utloDs 658»>
IC-CCa Tb* Orrrland Limited — «ntilen.
Omaha. Ckicaso. l>et> ver, K aaft«
Cltr. St. Louis 620i»
10X0AValleJ«_._ 12^0^
IC.OtA Lo» A-.r »!-« 1'n.f s»ng»r — Pert
<Josta. Martinez. Rjrrua. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Earmoml. Kresoo. (U.sftrn Jnnc-
ticin. llnnfiird. Lercoure, ViEaUft.
H»Ui-t»t'!d. J.o§ AnEi>if« 7.20p>
it£0*» Bafward. I.'llrsain! War Stations. 3-20*> I
ti Z Op Rucratnenio Hirer Steamers tll.OJ*
Zi'J* Drclr:-. Wiutera, i-ncramrnto.
W«h!!«i 1 Kniehtfi ljnuOlng.
MarT«vllle. OrorllUt and way
. •latlon* 10 50a ;
«^Cp Uay ward. Ntles and Way Stations.. 7.50» ,
I 50 p I u i Ctwl*. il krtii>rx. Si . ruu.Tracy, |
Latbrop, MvtVM. Modesto.
Meicrrt, Dererda. ! rrsr.o and
Way Stations lnr;tM^ Tori. O*t% 12-Z0*>
• XSCp Uarttnet.San Itmocii. Vallejojiar*-
CaU*tc K a. Saata Rosa ... 9 20*
4C0p Klles. rncr. Rtoekum...; 10 20a
4iCPHtywf.nl. >'ilrs. lrrlaKtoB. Sill tBbOA
Josr. Ll»ernioT« } ttl.SOA
bCCPTce Owl J.luiliod — V'tnuun. Los
Kano*. Mt].iioi«.rrMSi% fulara.
Bakeraiield. Ixw Anselea. ... .„ 2.60a
nZCP Hurwnrd. Nl.cs an<i h>o Jtrto ..... 7.20a
S.CCp Hay ward. Mies uod San Jos« S.bOA
•XtP £aftera 1. ?,■:»»*— ttinalm.Cbiraro.
DtnTer. Kausas CHy. El. Loc!«,
Mtr.icM, Moctlon. SacratueoMk
Colfax. Benv. bl'*rk». Mjstellav
■ »- Oattn :?.60»>
■ .Ccp Vallrjo. dally, except Sunday. ... '• y c «»_
7-Ct'P Vall.J... Mmday «uly f /-»u»
7XCP Klchiuund. mii Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Stations <a.2QA
'•CO* Beau IVwnsrr — l'ort Cost*. B»-
nlcla. Sut»un. tlrnlra, Dlxon,
Davis. Sacramento. Sparks. Todo-
pah. Kee'rr and Way Stailoii*... /.5C*
"■Tee Oregon Jc Callforcla Kxprees— 8ae-
ratr.ento, Marysvllle, IJuldlne.
PurtUud. I'utct Sound and East. 8-60*
J.I Dp Us) » hr ■:. !<ii:ea aud fcnn Jose ( S un-
daronly) II.SOa
COAST LINE <->arr«w ».»us»).
«yoot of Murtict Street.)
B-IEa Newtrt. Centervllle, 6sn Jose. w ~~~
Fclton. Poulder Creek, baota
Cruz and vv-j stations 6 S5P
tMEp Newark. Ceniervllle. 5an Jois,
New Almiulen. L.« Gato*. Feltoa,
Eoolder Cfck. Santa Cruz and
friDClpal Way fitaUoni tlO56A
4.1£». Newark. Ean Jose, Los Gstos... ] : }5||*
«35Cp Usnters' Train (Saturday «nly>—
ban Jo?c and Way St«t'on» ...„. ;7.25»
COAST LINE «»troa.: «.a«r«).
tJT (lhlril kucI lmru»rud Streets.)
fiCA 6an Jose aud Way Sutlons 6-3C*
COa 6aa Jose and Way fetation* 6 43»
• CCa New Almadeu (T uc*.. Krld.. only). 4.1 Qp
' 8-QOATbe Coaster— Sao Jose. Salinas,
fc»a Artio, Paso nobles. Eanu
' Margarita. San Luis Oblspo,
Gnadalupe. Oarlota, Snnta liar-
bara. San Buenarentura. Mob.
talro. Oxnard. II ur bank, Los
Angeles. .........;......"........ 10-50*
|£0*G::rur. HoIIIster. Castrorlllr. Del
Moutc. PactCc Grove. Sarf. Lorn-
mm^ .Poe 10J0»>
1.00a can Jote. TresPinot.Wai«onvl!ir,
CsrJtolf.. fcanta Crux, Pactfio
Gr«ve. Sailsas. San Luis Oblepe
atd Pr'uclpa: Wr.y SuUons. .„ 4 10»
10 ZuA Ean Jose and Way Stations..... .. 1.20>
II iO a San Jwc aad Way etatloas '. 7.30a>
2-IBp 6an JoseasJ Wsr Etntioas 8-36*
9X(t*> Del Mnnte Kxpreas- Santa aara.
Ean Jw, Watsonvllle. Saota
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey,
PadScGrore 12 1S»>
1|4)0p Lot G a: os. Wrlsht, Bouldrr Creek,
Santa Crnz. vis Santa Clara and
I> arrow Ga ace 110 45a
»^0p Valencia Pu Sootfi San Franc'ricA '"
Burllncaiae, Ssa Jose, Gllroy,
Uolllster. Ti»» I'lnot T4Ba
4-50p Fan- Jo»e and Way Sutlons tS 00a
M X)2p 6anU Clara, »>n Jose. Los Gates.
aou prlBciptl Way ftutlocs (ex-
CM.pt buorii.y) ,a nn.
16 30p f»sJosr*BJPrlnclpal\(-«yHtatloa* {s"4tU
fc *6» fiasset txpress.— Kedvood. 6aa *** u^
Jose. G Uroy .Salinas, Paso Uobles.
tw Luis olljj.o. Sanu Barbara,
Loi Anjr*le*. l»einln»;. KJ Pa»«.
«,* .^Loulj. New Orleans. KewTot* §io*
S.4&SI Pajaro. Wataonvllle. Capltola.
■saou Crax. Castrovllle. Del
Monte, pacific Grove in T n«
H-IBp fea£Uaico.berecford,Uelmont.San ""*"
Carlos, ltedwood. Fair Oaka,
VlenJoPark. I'alo Alto 16.46a
'C^flp San Jore and Way Stations. S Tgl
I-COp Palo Alto acd Way Stations. ...... in 16a
U.IDp ftoutttSanFraaclsco. Mllibr.e" iiur
Mneasie, &aa Mateo, 3elmoa,t,
tan Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaka,
Halo Park, aad Palo AIU>. n.4Ea>
iUIOp Mayfleld, Mountain View, SuaaV- '*•*■'
vale. Lsm rence, Santa Clara a&d
B>nJo *« .— **-**•
▲ for Morntnc. P for Af lemooa. ~" •
1 Bnaday excrpted- 1 Sunday only
; • Saturday ooly. b Monday nXj.
tkioM at all alatloas oa Eocday A
[SjSSlfeli ROSS VALLEY, '
l^^^^^^i MILL VALLEY,
I^S^S^I CAZADER0 ' Et c-
'KSp^ifWiStr!' Via SauiiUto P«rry
EUCUHBAN EERVICE. STAXDARD GAUGE.
Ix-part frcin-£an Francisco, dally, at t7-05
7:45, S:25. »:ia *:W. 11:00 a. m.; 12:20. 1-43'
V:15. 4:35. -8 :li. 5:00. C:30. 7:15 10:13 and
11:35 p. ro.
Arrive at Ban Francisco, dally, at W40
ffSS 8:1S. S:&0. 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10 1-30
2:55. 4:25, C:C&. S:i2, 6:22, 6:57, 7:10 and 11:23
p. m.
1 Dally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:4.1 a. rn.; also Satur-
daya at 2:15 p. in., and dally except Saturday
and Sunday at S: 15 p.m. ,
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. cn. dally— Cazadero and way stationa.
3:15 p. tn., Saturdays only — For Cazadero.
etc
5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday aad Sun-
<lay. for Temalef, etc
TICKET OFFICE— «50 Market ft. -
"«HBy— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
ADVEltTiSEatENTS.
California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company;..
Interest paid on deposits, subject to
\ check, at the rate of two per cent per
annum • • ♦ . . ...
Interest paid on savings deposits at the
rate of three and six-tenths psr cent
per annum ♦ •'•■«,
Xrusts executed . We are author-
ized to act as the guardian of . estates
i and the executor of wills ';'. ,•
Safe deposit boxes rented at $5.00 per j
annum and upwards ?*f .
Capital and Surplus ■ ■ - $1,480,81,87
lUidl Mouulu T ™ ™ ul f Zuli ItUiUu
OFFICES:
oc Montgomerypts*
SAFE DEPOSIT BLDG., SAN FRANCISCO. /
• •' . - - " --" J '■'-•;*'.;"-■ ■ ; - - - ■ • . -
j0ypb\ ' Gity Street s
Improvement Co.
, General Contractors
j STREETS SEVSTERS WHARVES
BRIDGES TUNNELS RAILWAYS
SEAWALLS JETTIES BREAKWATER
AND HARBOR. CONSTRUCTION \
— — : — - GENERAL OFFICES : ";' ' l'.'^' ■'''".!''' '
Rooms 11, 12 and 13, Fifth Floor MiDs Building
JJSIUIWLXL IIMM IIMMIIHIIll IIIII11MII1.IBI.III ' ' ""
I THE CALL IS PRINTED WITH OUR METAL : ; ; I
PACIFiCMETALW^^^
LEAD, TIN. ANTIMONY, ZINC, ALU- §3
, MINUM.. BISMUTH,- SOLDER. AND - ffl
BABBITT, ROOFINO PLATES, CAN- ffl
~- NERSV SOLDER A SPECIALTY. STER- • M
EOTYPE AND LINOTYPE METAL. R
153-155-157-159 First Street— 4-6-8 Natoma Street/ -; ; I
SAX FRAXCISCOl ,
73-75 NORTH SECOND. Portland, Or.' H
STEREOTYPE; M C T A I 1
ELECTROTYPE, mtL'IAL i
AND LINOTYPE
THE SAN FRANCISCCT CALL, SUNDAY; DECEMBER : 13; 1904}
SIBERIA CARRIERS CONTRABAND FOR JAPAN
tSMER' SWL3 FOR FAR EAST
Carrying 8600 tons of merchandise,
much, of it contraband, the liner Si
beria, Captain J. Tremaine Smith, left
the Pacific Mail wharf yesterday
promptly at 1 o'clock and started on
her, ninth voyage to the Orient. The
Siberia's cargo included 1000 tons of
leather, 300 tons of lead/several tons
of nails,' with machinery and a large
shipment of gold coin. '\ ■_'.'■
Among her passengers were the fol
lowing: . ..»■■•
. For Honolulu— "W. D. Alexander. Miss
A. M. Alexander, Miss J. M. Alexander,
Mrs. M.F. Armstrong and child," Mrs."
C. A. BartleU, Mrs. Q. H. Berry, Mrs.
E. F. Bishop. Mrs. Alice M. Bond, Mrs.
F. E. Chamberlain,; J. A. Cranston,
Mrs. J. A. Cranston, J. F. Crowe, Mrs.
J. F. Crowe. Mrs. ,D. G. Drake. Miss
H. Drake. A. Dreier, Mrs. A. Dreier,
Miss A. Dreier, Mrs. V. Follett, T. F.
Fortune, Mrs. 1 J. Fortune, D. ; A. Fox.
Mrs. D. A. Fox, Harold S. Gilbert, H.
Gimmini, Mrs. Gimo, * Miss May D.
Green. J. F. Hackfeld, Charles H.
Hamilton, R. L. ; Hansburr, Mrs. R. L. v
Hansburg, A. H. Harding, Mrs. A. H.
Harding, C. Hedeman, Mrs. C. Hede
man, Howard Hedeman, J. H. Love. C.
M. Lovsted, A. Jj. Louison, Mrs. F. C.
Lyser and infant, H. M> Moffatt, Mrs.
H. M. Moffatt and child, Mrs. J. E.
Myers, Mr. S. Peiser, Miss L. E. Per
kins, Miss Rowena Reed, Mrs. Melton
Rice, Miss' L,. Rosewarne, Rev..- Dr.
Scudder.. Mrs. Dr. Scudder, Mrs. F. E.
Thompson and infant. Mrs. Jane Walk
er, Miss Elsie Waterhouse, Miss L.
Wells, Mrs. R. E. Zumwalt.
Manila— W. C. Barrickman.
Yokohama— E. Assoka. A. Brown, R.
C. Gunning, Mrs. R. v C. Gunning, T.
Hashimato. Y. Ichlkawa, Kadzuhito
Tokito, K. Kishi, W. Kobayashi. S. Ko
bayashi. K. Kubota, J. S. Martin,
George P. Morgan, Mrs. George P. Mor
gan. M. Nagai, Y. Nakamura, T. Oza
wa, S. M. Shinmi, T. E. P/Sutton, Mrs.
T. E. P. Button. ;4 •«>■'
Shanghai— Rev. W. N. Brewster, R.
T. Fearon, J. M. Hampavitt, Kwong
Kwok Wah and son, Edward Runge. N.
D. Tata. Mrs. N. D. Tata and son, F.
H. Trimble, R. H. Van Sant, Miss Liz
zie M. Varney.
Hongkong— Charles L. Beatty, George
W. Gilbert, F. E. Hemenway. Mrs. S. L.
King. R. Lyons, K. S. MacDougall, G.
C. MacDougall. Mrs. G. C. MacDougall
and child, Lieutenant Commander G.
W. McElroy, U. S. N.; Zora McGonni
gal Jr., Charles T. Mills. Mrs. Charles
T. Mills, J. L. Morgan. J. E. Petevel.
H. M. Rideout, Miss Margaret Rout
ledge. A. M. Timke. W. J. Van Bus
kirk. Mrs. W. J. Van Buskirk. '
The Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany's liner City of Sydney sailed yes
terday for Panama and way ports.
The navy transport Solace, Captain
Ball, sailed yesterday for Honolulu,
Guam and Cavite. >
The United States revenue cutter
Bear, Captain Hamlet, sailed yesterday
for Honolulu, x where she, will .remain
until the time comes for her next Alas
kan cruise.
j Captain H. D. Parsons,! who Is well
known on this coast, Is now In the
East, engaged in farming. ' He was
kicked by a mule a few weeks a^o and
four of his ribs were cracked by the
steel-shod hoofs. According to a let
ter-received here the other /lay, the
former sailor has recovered from the
I accident.
j Visitors will be received on board the
j big steamship Minnesota this after
' noon and launches" will be . run at fre
quent intervals from the boat landings
at Clay, Mission and Folsom streets.
(List of Lights, Buoys and Daymarks Pa
cific Coast, 1904, page 26.)" •
Notice Is hereby given that lower mid
channel bell buoy. San Pablo Bay, California,
heretofore reported dragged about one and a
half miles northeast of Its proper position
wa# replaced December 10. Corrected bearings
are: Mare Island Lighthouse. NE 3-16 E; left
tangent Pinole ; Point. SE : by , E % E; East
: Brother Inland 'Lighthouse, S- by W % W
By order of the lishthouse board. -;.". ..'
■ ■• » ■ •' • W. P. DAY
Commander, U. & N" Inspector Twelfth Light
house District. , ,
' The steamer, Siberia i sailed yesterday for
Hongkong and way. ports, via Honolulu, "with
a general , merchandise cargo. • valued at
$697,807, exclusive of treasure, and to be dis
tributed as -follows: * For Japan, $313,444;
Chinas $372,778; East Indies. $7746; Philippine
Islands $1273; Korea,- $727; Slam, $50; Hono
lulu, $1849. The -leading; exports were as fol
lows: , • .
' To Japan— 2400 bales 'cotton, 2190 bales 2
ce leather. 2256 kegs nails, 136 flasks quick
silver. 44 pkgs machinery, 39 bdls 473 pes car
material, . 23 cs rubber - goods, SO cs drugs 6
bdls wire. 151.600 lbs tan bark, 51 bbls tan
ning extract; 20 cs scraj> Iron, 490 bdls 156
bars steel. 2000 .lbs lead, 257 pkgs building
material, 5 ce soap,- 6 ca typewriters and parts,
42 pkgs bicycles and : sundries, 3 c« boots and
shoes, 1050 bbls flour. 5629 cs canned goods,
5033 lbs hops, 604 gals s wine, 10 cs whl«ky,
225 lbs SO bdls raisins, 41 cs table preparations
55 pkgs; fresh fruits. -10 crts potatoes,' 145
pkg«i . groceries . and provisions, 2000 lbs dried
fruit. »i 'rftj. r *'"*"^nw» t ICl MJMf-^iV'iui.iijrfcMiiliiB^-iMi
•To China— 3375 bbls flour, 15,571' ca assorted
canned goods, 1810 cs ■ canned salmon, 10.071
lbs cheese, 1022 lbs ham and bacon,- 2tf,071 Iba
beans, 6874 lbs coffee,, 64S0 lbs 10 cs chocolate •
400lbs 9 cs candy, ao kegs" olives, 1000 lbs
meal, 1000 lbs- oleomargarine^ 2500, lbs dried
peas.- 5400 lbs dried fruit, 233 pkgs fresh fruits
339 cs table preparations,, 950. lb«; raisins, '6950
Ib3 codfish. 1 1233 pkgs groceries and provisions
3400. lbs 1 dried fish.. 4541 gals 1 cs wine, 30o
cask* beer. , 570 lbs - hops. « 53,700 lbs sugar
10,075; lbs pearl : barley, » 640 lbs tea, 2471 lb*
gtfseng,^ 40 cs syrup/ 422 ' cs liquors, 15 ca
preserved cherries, 900 gals rum. 3733 gals 10
cs brandy, 3457 : bales ■ 1 cs cotton domeetics
15t»,41)3 lbs tobacco, 755 cs cigarettes; 2 ca
c! Far s. 560,262 lbs pig lead. 21 cs rubber goods
150 bales ' sheetings. 63 bxs j soap, 11 cs drugs'
21 pkgs dry goods, 4 pkgs machinery, 12 pkgi
bicycles and sundries. 60*rolls 4 cs leather, i(»
ck arms and I ammunition, 14 cs typewriters
and part*. 35 colls - rope. 9 pkgs building ma
terial, 600 kegs nails, 32 crts paper. 6 cs elec
trical supplies. 3 head cattle. • ' / ..
To East Indies — 1893 .-. cs , assorted canned
goods. 50 cs canned salmon. 3 cs ■ dried : fruit
23SU lbs hops." -; ■ • . '
.To Philippine Islands— 94 cs" canned* goods
8 cs syrup. 0 cs; dried fruit, 5 cs honey*- 5036
ft lumber. 3 cs boots and shoes, l,cs electrical
coods.
i To :K i re& Xi 9 pkRS ■ electrical supplies. 9 . cs
dry goods.- 240 lbs meals, 160 lbs dried fruit
It pkgs groceries and provisions. 4 cs canned
COOdE. ■' i ■•■■",.':,./-..■■'•
% To- Honolulu— 20 pkgs fresh vegetables 3
pkgs ; fresh fruits. ,1 cs electrical goods, "
'iiP^'lZ team '^ 'Newport ; sailed ;'yesteni a 7 :- for
the Isthmus of Panama and way ports with a
general cargo, valued at $03,960, to be distrib
uted >s follows:; Fpr Mexico. $5342; Central
America. i\ $17,417; - Panama, $2037; Ecuador
?25f55; New York. $ta,340: iam^lca! $200-0°?!
njany' $1345; Belgium, $544. Thi canto In
eluded th-j following: " \^
•;-;J o , u M « xl S°r 838 Kals 3 cs wine, 3 bbls flour.
54S - lbs raisins. 1X11 - lbs dried fruit, ■■ 574 lbs
ham and bacon, 14.es paste. z 7. cs whisky.- 27
pkgs potatoes; » • pkgs onions. ' 38 pkgs , fresh
frul J*- 2^^ table Preparations.* 10 . cs canned
goods 300 Hbs spices.. 42 ; pkgs groceries - and
?^' wi on "' \? ' cs ' mlneral water. 36ei lbs , eoda.
36» bdls : shooks, 13 cs hats • and :< cape,' 4 cs
dry goods, 12' cs boots and shoes. 1 pkg ma
chinery,' e cs : arms and • ammunition, 20 pkgs
tank • material,' 47 pkgs railroad ;material. 0 cs
candles. ' v . . ■ .
r,To;' Central- America— 1030: bbls ' floury 935
gals ; cs ' wine, .. 214 ; pkgs potatoes, : 10 . cs
whisky, i»e- pkgs fresh ; fruits. 13 ca canned
AVater Front Notes.
Notice to Mariners.
SAN PABLO BAY, CALIFORNIA
3Ierchandlse for the Orient.
Exports by the Newport.
[ SCHOONER LIZZIE VANCE, "WHICH LEFT HERE FOR GRAYS HARBOR ANT> f
FOR FORTY-EIGHT HOURS AFTER SHE GOT OUTSIDE THE HEADS
WAITED. IN VAIN FOR A BREEZE TO TAKE HER OFF SHORE.
goods, 10 cs salmon, 20 cs beer. 036 lbs ham
and bacon, SO pkgrs groceries and provisions,
45,900. lbs salt, 830 lbs codfish. 50 ctls corn.
4 pkgs dried fruit, 4500 lbs rice, 1780 lbs lard,
5 cs mineral water, 00.4C0 lbs cement, 123
pkgs paints an>l oils, .10 bbls cocoanut oil, 17
tanks 21 cs assorted oils, 35 cs turpentine, 16
cs coal tar. 11,827 lbs taliow. 17 pkgs ma
chinery. 7 pkgs sewing machines, 50 bars steel,
23 pkgs dry goods, 4 cs coal oil, 2 cs boots
and "shoes, 0 bales leather.
To Panama — 250 bbls flour, 1S0O gals wine,
60 crts potatoes, 6 cs table preparations, 50,005
ft lumber. * '.
To New York — SS.259 gals wine. 156 gal*
brandy, 1 10 cs canned salmon, 500,2*50 lbs pig
lead, 2300 lbs wax, 29,130 lbs dry hides. 10,283
lbs solder dross. 150 bales junk, 3 cs dry goods
To Jamaica — 50 cs canned salmon.
To Germany— 8f>,650 lbs dried prunes.
To Belgium — 2015 lbs beeswax. ■-•-',"■'
Snn, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at -Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
' Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
JUNDAY. DECEMBER 18.
Sun rises '. ... 7:20 a/m.
Sun sets 4 :53 p. m.
Moon rises 3:00 p. m.
0 Time! iTIme Time ITlme
g. . -^ Ft. I Ft. Ft. f Ft.
? L W| |H W |L W |H W
IS 1:251 2.4 8:051 5.3 2:77 0.8! 9:31 i!7
19 2:091 2.« 8:371 5.5 3:27 0.2110:22 4.0
20 2:52 2.7 9:12| 5.7 4:00—0.3 11:00 4.0
21 3:37 2.7 9:481 5.8 4:45 — 0.6 11:52 4.4
22 4:21 2.8 10:231 5.9 5:27 — 0.8 ...
23 0:37 ' 4.5 5:f)5| 2.9 11:05 5.8| 0:081—0.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides' of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, . except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. .The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrograshic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
. Saturday, Dec. 18.
The Time Ball on the • tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e.. at noon of the l'JOtn meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
,- Steamer. From. • I . Due. -,
Wellington... Oyster Harbor ..Dec. 18
Meteor....... Seattle ,\ Dec. 18
KUzabeth.V... Coqullle River... Dec. 18
Redondo...... Portland & Astoria.. .. Dec. 18
Chlco Coqullle River Dec. IS
Coos Bay..... San Pedro & Way Pts.lDec.18
Arctic Humboldt ..;..... Dec. 18
San Pedro.... Humboldt ..: | Dec. 18
S. Monica...... Grays Harbor ..'. |Dec. 19
Coronado..... San Pedro ..Dec. 19
Centralla Grays Harbor ......... Dec. 19
Corona..:..-.' Humboldt Dec. 19
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 19
Chehalls .-...'.". Grays Harbor .../ |Dec20
Columbia..... Portland'. ft Astoria.... iDec 20 :
Porno. .*....... Point Arena & Albion. |Dec. 20
S. i Barbara. .. San Pedro | Dec 21
Aurella:... ... Portland & Astoria... '.|Dec. 21
Empire....... Coos Bay | Dec. 19
Norwood.:..; Seattle' . V....... ....... .|Dec 22
'Eureka....... Humboldt ...IDec. 22
Pomona...... Humboldt ......: IDec. 22
Breakwater. '.'. Coos Bay .......; !Dec. 22
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Pts. Dec 22
Point Arena..' Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Dec. 22
City Puebla. .. Puget Sound Ports. ... Dec. 23
Bonita........ Newport ■& Way Ports. Dec 22
Keko. .'....'• •• Hamburg & Way Ports|Dec23
San Jose. . .'. . . New * York via Ancon.. IDec. 23
NorthFork... Humboldt .......ID«c. 23
Mariposa. . ... Tahiti ......."...;...... (Dec. 23
ArgO/. Eel River Ports ........ IDec 24
Arcata. ....... Cooa Bay,; ; : . |Dec.' 24
Homer...:.... Grays Harbor .......... IDec. 24
G. W, Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... j Dec. 23
G.- Llndauer. . Grays . Harbor ....... :. |Dec. 2S
Anubls... ... . Hamburg.*:. Way Portal Dec. 2S
Newburg .'.'..'. Grays Harbor ......... Dec. 26
Curacao...... Mexican Porta ./ Dec. 27
Alameda. . .'. . Honolulu . . . ....... Dec. 27
Umatllla: . . . . Puget Sound Ports.. . . . Dec, 27
City . Para. ... New-York, vla'Ancun. .|Dec. 28
TO SAIL.
Steamer. - Destination. -. Sails. Pier.
December 18. . . 1 .
G.. Dollar.'.. Grays Harbor... ... 4 pm Plftr 20
F.Kilburn.. Portland tc Way.;. -4 pm Pier 27
Vanguard . .' Humboldt ■ ... r: .... 5 pm Pier 27
Jeanle...... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
N.'Fork.J... Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 20
G W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Pomona...".. Humboldt ..:...... 1:30 p Pier -9
S. Rosa..... San Diego ■& Way. 0 am Pier 11
i v December 19. :. • |
J. Higgtns.. Los Angeles PorW.. ll^amlPier- 2
8 Monica.". . Los Angeles Ports. 2pmlPler.2
Elliabeth..; Coqullle River..... 5 pmlPler 20
Breakwater. Cooa Bay direct... 5 pm I Pier 8
Argo. . ."....". Eel .River Ports:.. 4 pmlPler 2
Arcata:.. .-• Coos Bays direct .. 4 pmSPler 13 i
Coronado... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier. 10
Czarina...:. Coos Bay/direct;.'. 5 pm Pier : 8
Eureka . Humboldt ,... .. 12 m Pier 13
Centralia. . . •' Los Angeles 'Ports. 10 amjPler 10 '
, - "December 20. |
Chehalis.... Los Angeles Porte. '4 pmlPler 2
Redondo..'.'. Portland .& Way.. 5 pnifPier 2
.-., ■.-■.'. ,-,-•■■• December 21. . |
8. Barbara.. Grays Harbor..;... 4 pm Pier 10
Corona.....'. Humboldt .......... l:30pPler'-9
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier- 9
Cooa Bay... San Pedro '& Way: 9 am Pier 11
Arctic....:. Kumboldi ......... 9 am Pier - 2
San Pedro... Humboldt ."■.... V... 2 pm Pier 2
: December 23. I
Porno..' .". .V. Pt.. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego &.Way. 0 am Pier 11
Ventura;..': Sydney & Way 'Pts 2 pm Pier '7
December 23. ■ .
Columbia. . . Astoria : & ■ Portland 11 am Pier 24
Sequoia..... Wlllapa: Harbor. .. 4 pm Pier 20
.: December 34. I
Point 'Arena. "Point "Arena '..■.... 4 pm Pier 2
City Peking. China & Japan..*:; 12 • m Pier 40
Aurella..... Astoria. & Portland '4 pm Pier 27
■•"-•-■ •';.-! ir.-u- 'December 36."'. " oul---. :■'.
Bonlta...V.. Newport ;,&». Way.. 9 ampler 11
City Puebla.' Puget. Sound", Port*. 11 am Pier ,9
■ (.'-"" December 28. \ .{ »
Mongolia... China' and Japan .. 1 pm] Pier '40
' FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. T Destination. I 8mJla.
Jefferson I Ekagway & Way Ports. iDec. 19
Santa Ana... | Seldovla & Way Forts. | Jan. 1
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Saturday. December 17.
Br stmr M. S. Dollar, Gow. 42 days from
Hongkong. ' via' Kobe 29 days, via Mo jl 25 days,
via Mororan 19 days.
« Stmr Shasta. Hansen, 34 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson. 15 hours from Men
doc ino.
Stmr Breakwater. Seaman. 34 hour* from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Czarina,- Johnson, 44 hours ' from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Alcatraz. Olsen. 12 hours from Point
Arena. ■.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard. 52 hours from, Coo«
Bay.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, 60 hours from Victoria.
Schr Vine, Dannevlg, 5^ days from Eureka.
CLEARED,
Saturday, December 17.
Stmr Newport, Trask. Ancon, via Mexican
and Central American ports; P M 8 S Co.
Stmr Siberia. - Smith, Hongkong, etc.. via
Honolulu; P M S S Co.
Stmr San Mateo. Klrkwood. San Jose de
Guatemala: F M S S Co. .
Stmr Minnesota, Truebrldge, Seattle, via,
Victoria. -B. C. ; Great Northern Railway Co.
Stmr George W. Elder, Randall, Astoria; S.
F.~ and Portland S 8 . Co. ■
Etmr Pomona, Swanson. Eureka: PCS SCow
Br ship Grenada. Elaton. Newcastle. N. S.
W.; G. W. McNear, e
; Cleared from Monterey. December 17.
Stmr Rosecrans, Johnson, Portland; Mat son
Navigation Co. -
SAILED.
U S stmr Solace. Singer, for Guam.
U S stmr Bear, Myrlck, cruise.
Stmr Bonita, Preble, San Pedro.
Stmr Rainier, Hannen, Belllngham.
Stmr Newr>crt. Trask. Ancon, via Mexican
and Central American ports.
Stmr Siberia, Smith. Hongkong, etc. via
Honolulu.
Schr Sequoia. Hutman. Masatlan.
Schr Falcon. Anderson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Volunteer, Bressern, South Bend. .
Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, Bolinas.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 17— Ger »tmr Sax
onia, hence Dec 12.
Sailed Dec 16 — Stmr Farallon. for Skagway.
Arrived Dec 16 — Schr Mary Ann. from
Nome; schr P. J. Ahler. from Nome.
POINT REYES — Passed Dec 17 — 7:55 a m
Stmr Sljrnal. from Coos Bay. for San Fran
cisco. 8:40 a m — Stmr Arcata. from Coos
Bay. for San Francisco. 9:10 a m — Stmr
Queen, from Victoria and Puget Sound ports,
for San Francisco.
Passed Dec 17. 1:40 p m — Stmr Eureka, from
Eureka, for San Francisco.
CRESCENT CITT— Sailed Doc 16— Stmr Co
quille River. - for San Diego and San Pedro.
BELLING HAM— Sailed Dec 17— Schr Wa
wona, for San Francisco.
COOS BAT— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr Empire,
for S?.n Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Whlttler.
hence Dec 13, with bktn Fullerton. hence Dec
13. In tow.
Sailed Dec 17 — Br stmr Ellerlc. for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 17— Schrs Snow
&. Burgees ■ and Wllbert L. Smith, from Ev
erett;-schrs E. K. Wood and Fred J. Wood,
from Grays Harbor.
. SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr
Coos Bay, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 17 — Stmr Coronado, from Re
dondo.
TATOOSH— Passed In Dec 17— Nor stmr Ti
tania/ hence Dec 14 for Ladysmlth and Na
nai mo. 'WrTMl
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 17— Bktn Archer
hence Nov 29; Br stmr Moana. from Vancou
ver, for Sydney.
:> FOREIGN PORTS.
COLOMBO— Sailed Dec 14— Br ttmr Sel
lasla, for Boston,
1 ANTWERP— Sailed Deo 15— Fr bark Tur
got, for Oregon. . -
SHIELDS— Sailed Dec 15— Br ship Barcore.
for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Nov 6— Chll ' «hh>
Othello, for Honolulu. "
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 14 — Jap stmr Kan~
agawa Maru. for Seattle.
LIZARD — Passed Dec 15— Ger bark Sehur
bek, from -Victoria, for U K; Br ship Tola,
from Manila, for London.
Passed Dec 16— Fr bark Marie Mollnos, hence
July 29. for Queenstown.
SUEZ — Arrived Dec 16 — Scan stmr Isla de
Luzon, •■ from Manila, for Liverpool.
" ' SYDNEY — Arrived .' Dec 16 — Br itmr Gulf
of ■ Venice, from % •
. < HONGKONG — Sailed Dec 17— -Br itmr Doric,
for San • Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DHUmilBBIimillH
j C. F. HAUL.' y. h. FIXKE 5
81 ' Telephone John 2686. O
I San Francisco j
g Launch Company §
5 boating, S
g ■ TOWING. o
5 FREIGHTING a
B EXCURSIONS. a
§ ": BERTH: Bulkhead, bet. Unlon-atre«t ': J
«* Wharvea 1 and 2. H
I • OPEN ALL NIGHT. S
S This company has now nearing com- r
I pletlon a new launch. 40 feet In lenjrtn. - JJ
■ 11 -foot beam, SO horsepower; fitted In ■
B elegant ' style and . can be secured for 9
1 excursions, carrying of pasMncerv and . n
! - for the accommodation of the general _>
m public. ■*
■■■aMltsWBKrr-: — : »
■ .FRED H. FINKE. Sec. and Treas.. : B
■ "• " '" ?'' "6 Steuart street. D
■• \ VT. A." HALX^ Manager. *■
; ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
ADVKRTIisKMJiVrs.
Light your Christmas
Tree by electricity and
avoid accidents.
Write for descriptive
Circular of our "Christ-
mas Tree Outfit^
California
Electrical Works
547 MISSION STREET
San Francisco
Sphelp^
& GO.
; SHiPsmiTHS
1 13 and 15 Drama St. : I t
.[-■I l t t Saa rranclico. CaL '|
' AU Kinds of •
:| Ship . I
'■ and ;:
i! Steamboat ji
: Blacksmithing :
, , Executed at the Shortest J Jfotlca 1 1
1 ' and on the Most Seasonable Termi ' '
Tel«uhons Pramm 189. ]
J. B. BclHTYRE"
424 SANSOME STREET
BOOKBINDER
ACCOUNT BOOK
MANUFACTURER.
and
PRINTER
Tclepsona Main 1107.
BOOKBINDING
In all Its branches.
Fine Bindings,
Printing,
Lithographing.
Bank, Insurance and Mcrcan-
tile Work a Specialty.
All Account-Books mada from
first-class £edsr«x Paper and wltn
Patent Plat-Ovenlzur Backs.
O . < I
U.ELIIHI
&co.
7-9 Front* Street*.
...Agents for...
Holzapfd's
International
Anti-Fovling
Compositions
Telephone Main 340
— . .
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK'
815 Xcntffomery Street.
Capital paid ap . . . $600,000
UTidends paid to depositors . 1,656,228
.'. .. - ■ ■ . •■••">
; CHA3. CARPT. Prtsldent-
ARTHTJR LKOALLET. Vic*- PnsJduC
LEON BOCQUEItAZ. SecretAry.
JOHN O1NTT. Asst. Secretary.
DIEECTOESl
Dr. EL Artltrues. Cha». C*rpy. Leon K*uJtZB»». !
p. Botlo.- J. B. Clou A. Roos.
l*oo Bocqutraa, 3. M. Dupaa, a. Lejalis:.
'•'A. Berserot, ' J. S. Godeau. J. J. Macs,
Interest paid on deposits. Loans m*4» «a
Rsml KataU and apprw*d ssourtuas.ADVERTISE5IEXTS.
CALIFORIMIA
Soltsns and Stipply
COMPANY
Kannfactsrers of
Oak Tanned Leather and
Ra-vhide Belting, Pjulleys.
Rope and Lace Leather
EUREKA
iei! Dressing Co.
119-12! MISSION STREET
SA!U PRAMCISCO
O O
O ■ O
L P. DEGEN
Belting Company
• —
XCas.c£actsrers of
BELTING
AMD
LACING
105-107 MISSION ST.
SAH FBASCISOO.
Phone Kain 562.
0 — O
J Special Accommodations
j for Traveling: 3It*n.
< Headcu^rt^rs for
J Mining Men.
1 The Only nrrproof Hotel
* fn San Franci"«co.
i The Only Strictly
J Koropean Plan Hotel
I in San Francisco.
j LICK HOUSE
\ G. W..KINGSBURY 5
* • IjCssee and Manager.
j A Model Hotel Xewly
*v lined Throughout.
a Cor. Sutter and
| Montgomery Streets
y| Center of Business District.
*| Convenient to all Car Lines.
K SAX FRAXCISCO.
O 8aWMMIIM ' B " a^M^»M»»MMM«SMBaagBBS«mMB I I B8— — " ———»—*—,-——^_, ..„,« ... i»— 1— — i— —^— p^
O b '.'" . ■ ''. •'■':,_. : . . , ■ _ ■ - . ._. --- "- »- i-J ----- •■ ,-■*.— - ■ ... _ - ;
S ; or-
o ■ ' i ■•■■,..,.-.■. ■-.-.■ ....
S ___, ' ESTABLISHED IN 1868 / '
® Stsmo Mills .
<n i villUJ llluliUU iflllld .-." ; WSBHKwfflNfBemst2&^ \
o I " ' llwlllv 1 tllviil wJulviy
Of* ' ■ * , - - - - ■■*■- *■■■'"-"■■*'"..'■-"■ '..'-:-,- j ■ ,- j ■ . ■ - _ BBB&?M^»^B8fc<^JE%!^^fi5FWl
| LARGEST ; MINING JlAGHINERY MANUFACTURERS ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
I II Hydraulic Riveted Sheet Steel Pipe a Specialty. II
c »!MiiiiMiiBMi«nBnimnmniw«iiwiM ■■ l | l^wtf J iiTnnrrwTMiiwMiiii mm ■■iibh miyni ■mnmrnimniBiiiiMLM^ ..m.. m,.,, , ,„.,,.,,. .mini i gu ug .- '- r -rt\ r-^— ran— — _^_^- .,- MI f ' ' •
|- : , ■ _. : "" ■ ■ ; ■" OlL-AND WATER TAN kS: V 1 ' ' - V " ■
1 1 Works at Potrero. Office: Corner !of Steuart and Folsom Streets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Telephone Main 553;.
Win FWiknnPn
full. I . If SSOUUuu.
PLUMBING i
Fine Plumbing Material _ ; j
Latest Sanitary Appliances j
Steam Heating and Ventilation i
328-330 Stockton St. I
SAN TRANCISCO. 1 |
ED. FAY E. J. FOSTER
Forcerly •' Cliff Eoaie
Verw Moatcromery Street.
Haadanarters for all pro-
fessional and mtainsr men
of the Coast' : : _:-. " v
Foster & Fay, San Francisco
J. R. McGUFFIGK & GO.
DeaJera in AM Kinds of
Lubricating Oils
Paints, Varnishes, Etc., Globs Picking
AGENTS FOR COALINGA CRUDE
OIL.
23 SPEAR STREET
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
Telephone Main 5320.
Johnny — What does It mean to take
a thing philosophically?
Mother — It's the way your pa pays
his card debtF, but not the butcher bill.
— New York Sun.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAL^V SUNDAY, -DECEMBER IS. 1904^
HOMES THE HOPE
OF THE COUNTRY
Men Will Not Fight for
Boarding Houses, but
for Their Own Koof trees
TENE3IENTS /AEE BAD
Houses Owned by Occupants
A re Made a Possibility
by Modern Association
It was a wise man who said •' that no |
man will shoulder a musket for his board
ing-house, though men- will fight for
their homes. Whether a -ru.de shelter
on , the mountainside or a hovel in the
valley a man's home is his castle— and
this no one 'may invade '; without due
process of law. . - .
When the State is full of homes pros
perity is evident, and for these reasons,^
in part, wise men like Jacob Riis advo-*
cate doing away with tenement houses
and supplying cottages in- their place.
That is the basis of the social settlement
idea in its higher form. ; i
In view of these general truths what a |
wonderful record for the" upbuilding of
things is found when one studies the his
tory of. tlie .Continental Building and Loan
Association, with offices at 301 California
• street San Francisco! It was established
m 1SS9. and since that time it haV helped
people to secure homes 'to, make
a city as large as Stockton. Its subscribed
capital is to-day more^ than seventeen
million dollars, a sum too large for the
mind to comprehend:
The same shrewd business sagacity that
led John Wanamaker to invest in loan as
sociations when a young man should to
day cause every young man to study the
merits of the Continental. The chances
of obtaining a home on equltaole terms
were never brighter than now. The com
pany's paid in capital exceeds three mil
lion and five hundred thousand dollars.
During its existence the company has re
turned to its stockholders over two mil
lion and a half dollars in profits. Its regu
lar monthly income exceeds a quarter of
a million dollars. More than nineteen
hundred of its members have been in
duced and aided to build new homes, and
during the same petiod over sixteen hun
dred members have beon induced to ac
quire homes already built.
An association that does so well for its
stockholders Is certainiy worthy of in
vestigation.
In another jaspeet of the case it is well
to bear in mind that the Continental is a
good invtfclment on general principles. It
pays five per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits^ and, so small a sum as $1 will
enabie you to "open an account that will
prove a blessing if you add to it and let
the company take care of you. On term
deposits of $100 or more the
amounts to six per cent per annum. In
terest begins the day of deposit and is
payable perni-annually.
When President David Starr Jordan re
cently advised the man of twenty to con
serve, an estate for the man of forty "he
must have had in mind some such invest
ment as the Continental offers its mem
bers. The man who really appreciates
the sentiment of John Howard Paine's
song of the human heart— the deep
yearning ■ for a home — should not hesi
tate to address the Continental Build
ing an Loan Association for^ such
particulars as will enlist his ambi
tion and his dollars — the ones he might
otherwise waste — in the righteous and
patriotic cause of securing a place where
he will be free from the evils of tene
ments and at the same time enjoy the
independence of a freeholder in this great
country of homep.
DON CARLOS'
LIFE OF EASE
Claimant to the Crown of
Spain Is Happy and" En
joys Freedom From Care
IS POKTLY. AND JOVIAL
Resides yin a Gaudy Palace
in Venice and Skims About
in a Fine Electric Launch
LONDON", Dec. 17,— Don Carlos, the
claimant -to the crown of Spain, really
gets much more enjoyment out of life
than if he were seated on the throne
of J\i3 ancestors., That exile and the
attendant freedom from worry agTee
With him is indicated by his portly per
son, and jovial bearing. If the truth
were known, it probablj^vould be found
that he is very well satisfied with his
present lot. Also that not a few of
the hard-worked^ monarchs of Europe,
who live in a constant state of anxiety,
would gladly change places with him.
He recently returned to Venjee and
is again occupying his palace, which,
with its gondola posts, painted in the
Spanish colors, red and yellow, is a
conspicuous object on the Grand
Canal. He has a beautifuK electric
launch, in which he flits about the
aquatic city with {he royal standard of
Spain fluttering above him. In his
palace he is surrounded by a minia
ture court of devoted adherents, who
treat him with as" much obsequious
deference as if he were a real King.
If he prefers the ease of a speedy
automobile to being jolted in an un
,v/Ieldy state coach there is nobody to
ccmplain, as there was. when poor.Al
funso showed hi3 partiality ,'for the
modern vehicle. Don Carlos, in fact,
seems to have everything that makes
a royal life worth living, with none
of the troubles that rob it of itspleas
ures. Naturally he gives no indica
tion of any ardent desire to endanger
his precious person by heading a revo
lutionary movement in Spain.
A Woman Legislator.
Mrs. Electa M. Egglestpn is the sec
ond woman in Massachusetts to 1 be
nominated for State Representative,
having been chosen by the Prohibition
ists of the First Hampshire District.
The first woman so named was Mrs.
Fanny Clary of Williamsburg. At that
time many outside . the Prohibition
party looked on the matter as a joke,
because they believed that even if she
was elected she could not be enrolled
in the House of Representatives. The
question was referred to the Attorney
General of Massachusetts for a deci
sion, and he ruled that there is noth
ing to prevent a woman becoming a
member of the House of Representa
tives if she wins an election.—Philadel
phia Record. ,• •
There are forests of leafless trees in
some parts of- Australia. »
GROWTH TOLD
B Y STATEMENT
Bank of California Makes
Great Showing for Year
and Increases Capif al Stock
To financial institutions resting 1 on
foundations that have the fullest trust
of the. business world at home and abroad
must a commonwealth depend as much
as 1 upon any advantages of fertility or
climate for its prosperity and steady prog
ress. The famous Bank of California,
founded upon the rock of sound business
principle in 1S64 by men whjose names in
spired that confidence which at once firm
ly establishes such institutions, has been
a factor in the Golden State's wonderful
advance. Under .intelligent, conservative
and thoroughly progressive management
this great institution. has grown with the
city and State whose name it bears, un
til to-day its record and its standing are
things both for its stockholders and for
the community to look upon with pride.
This year's statement of the Bank of
California speaks volumes to _ business
men and financiers. > ' '"•*
Assets— Loans and discounts, $14,918,
508 05; bank premises, $250,000 00; other real
estate, $319,105 94; merchandise L.-Cr. ac
count, $592,264 13; sundry bonds and stocks,
$2,09S,230 05; Government bonds. $825,650 00;
due from banks and bankers, $3,780,363 22;
money on hand,. $3,523,319 40— $7,929,338 62.
Total assets. $26,107,446 79.
liabilities — Capital paid in gold coin,
$3,000,000 00; surplus and undivided profits,
$6,781,615 07; dividends unpaid. $408 00; ac
ceptances under I^s.-Cr., $€93,596 70; other
liabilities $85,693 18; . due depositors, $15,
546,133 84.' Total liabilities, $26,107,446 7?.
/The names of the men who are in
charge of the Bank df California also
furnish a silent but impressive testi
monial of its worth. • v
Officers — William Alvord, president;
Charles R. Bishop, .vice, president; Frank
B. Anderson, vice president; Irving F.
Moulton, cashier; Sam H. Daniels, assist
ant cashier; William R. Pentz, assistant
ca&hier; Allen M. Clay, secretary; James
D. Ruggles, assistant secretary.
Directors^ — William Alvord, president;
James M. Allen, attorney at law; Frank
B. Anderson, vice president: William
Babcock, Parrott & Co.; Charles R.
Bishop, capitalist;- Antoine Borel. Ant.
Borel &Co.. bankers; Warren D. Clark,
Williams. DImond & Co.; George E. Good
man, banker; Edward W. Hopkins, capi
talist; John F. Merrill, Holbrook. Merrill
&" Stetson; Jacob Stern, Lev! Strauss. &
Co.; Joseph S. Tobin. attorney at law.
William • Alvord, president of the Bank
of California, is one of the best known
bankers in the West shrewd and safe' in
his methods, but with a perceptive fac
ulty and a liberality that maintain an ex
pansive and progressive policy. \ Frank B.
Anderson is a recent officer. After
the death of Mr. Thomas Brown, who for
thirty years was known as one of the
ablest financiers of the United States, the
bank officers looked about for a successor
equal to the responsibilities of his posi
tion. s They selected Mr. Anderson as a
suitable person to succeed Mr. Brown in
the executive management of the bank.
He -is a well-known financier, having left
the assistant cashiership of the American
Kxchange and National Bank of New
York to come to this city. Irving F.
Moulton. the cashier, who, after a connec
tion of twelve years with the bank, was
advanced from assistant cashier to cash
ier, as such has made a most efficient and
capable officer.. , •
The bank buys and sells foreign and
domestic exchange, makes telegraphic
transfers of money to all points ana is
sues commercial and travelers' letters of
credit available in all parts of the world.
Many a young man asks fon a girl's
hand when .what he really wants is
her father's pocketbook.
el ■ ' - ;?•
| ; Manufactured i •
d X^J W\ jrjl 2j m^^mr^m tl »m3 w>i jLJ cjj, J^Sltl mm ff3 B3CC3 rfl x
m?% W% m\ 51 rM a^ mm m\ £% 1^1 1^ 1^1 i"r *« • % ti im k! rl 2k
■ 9 > o
4344
Cold feet chill the warmest heart. Warm your friends with a pair of slioncrs. They will last far.
beyond the holiday time and on cold, chilly nights the forethought and kindness embodied in your gift will be
thoroughly appreciated. . . '■ ■ .
When buying slippers either for presents or for your own use remember to come to the store that is
known as having the largest assortment in San Francisco, and absolutely the lowest prices.
Men's Ladies' Boys' and Girls'
_ _'«'«_ ., nn Lm-J^^ Red or Black Felt Romeos — • -
Klfl Slippers, Tan and Black $1.00 *_-*^ B to 8 e5o
Gray and Black Plush Slippers. .$1.00 BJack &nd Red FeU Romeos 75c S^ to 11 70c
Tan Alligator Slippers $1.00 B i ack and Red Felt Romeos. fancy n 14 to 2 75c
Wine. Tan or Black Calfskin Slippers buckle $1-00 and $1.25 Red Ffilt SIIp p ers> plush trimmed— I
8 1 - 50 Black. Blue and Red Felt Romeos 5 to 8 / 65c
Genuine Alligator Slippers $2.50 best grade $1.50 g^_ tQ .750
Patent Leather Slippers (handsome) Red. Black and Brown Satin Romeos . '* ........ ......... .
j_^0 81^0 x n °'* v
Vainis oVLVzkrd Skin Slippers:. $3>iO Blue or'pink" Satin "Romeos $3.00 Re 5 d t | at 8 In Romeo »' flannel llned —^
«» Red or Black Velvet Romeos $1.50 g^ tQ i 1 "' ........... ...$1.00
la /<» Rfd or Black Velvet Romeos, French n u to 2 8l!lO
BHrai heels 92.00 v
i^lVVlSv rr. \ T-u -r> «^ u^.^^ *i nn Rf<l Kid Romeos, felt back —
>Pg||vYA Tan or Black Kid Romeos, Ilnea..5i.o0 5 to S 80c
• • Red, Tan or Black Kid Romeos. .S2.00 s^ , toil! '.'. \'. '.'. '. I*.*.!!!!!!!!!! *.9Oc
ftj|g|aK3__W Blue "and Red Felt Romeos, orna-
*'*•_*' Infants'Romeos, sizes 1 to 5, in White,
XX>\ I?U]Cl Pink and Re<1 Folt; also Blue>
Tan or Black Kid Romeos "White and Red Satin, and Blue or
81.50. 52.00. $3.50. C3.00 _ R S d v7 Cl^ et ' ' \ 75<S -
-»»««-. ~- -<-- f.,i« d«~,««» ., m '^sfe.;.-"^. Buckskin Moccasins —
"VTlne or Tan Calf Romeos $2.00 5 * i **_* 3 to 5 $1.00 and S1.35
Tan Kid Romeos (Faust style>. .$3.00 6 to 10 «»"l._5 and 01.50
Red Kid Romeos (Faust style).. $3~>0 Red, Blue and Black Felt Slippers, . 11% to 2 '.. $1.50 and $1.75
Black Felt Romeos, leather or felt trimmed with braid $1.00 igS?*^
soles S1.50 and $2.00 Crochet Slippers — Red, Blue, Black. (^%^^12^V
Crochet Slippers, Red or Black.. $1.25 Plllk S1 - 00 V^
Black Felt Slippers.. $1.00^ $1^5. |U0 Boudgr siippers^no^ee^^Red. Gray.
Bathroom Slippers, crash.: 75c _ . _,. _ ... _ ,. __ , 1— — _s_— »—^
Bathroom Slippery felt. $1.00 §££ gffiSJ. S^^f buSE ° F B1?Ck Kld
f.Vi 1 /1 it? Red or Brown; fancy fur trimming * 1 3 u> Vi 2 ""*8l!_5-
fJ'JS-Wrfg '.- $3.00 2\4 tn 6 1 )i'.'.'.'.'.'.'.\'.':y.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.$l£0
#— » /y^>V*'"^§ Boys' Tan or Black Kid Romeos —
Foot-warmers, Wool Lined, Slippers . . fc i>1 '»^L
- $1.50 Buckskin Moccasins, plain $1.75
Footwanners. "Wool Lined, High Buckskin Moccasins, otter trimmed. .
Shoes $2.00 $2.25
Buckskin Moccasins, plain $2.00 Kid Slippers, without heels, satin """" '
Buckskin Moccasins, otter trimmed.. | lined; Tan, Red or Black $2.50 Infants . Ank i e Ties. 1 to 6: Black
$2.50| Footwarmers. low cut $1.25 Tan. White, Blue, Pink, Red. . .$1.25
Country orders satisfactorily filled on the day received.
orders for any yS |p*^J l «**' for everv
••"•■••■• P- _ _ ' ■ - Cnllu * ....
Mado Consul at Athens.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The Pres
ident has sent to the Senate these
nominations: George Hortop, Illinois,
Consul at Athens, Greece; Chief Jus
tice of the Court of Appeals, District
cf Columbia. Seth Shepard, District of
Columbia, to succeed Kit-hard H. Al
vey, resigned; Associate Justice of the
Court of Appeals. District of Columbia.
Charles H. Ducll, New York, formerly
Commissioner of Patents, to succeed
Justice Shepard.
Fat Folts.
I reduced ray weight 70 pounds, bust 6
Inches, waist 6 Inches and hips 14 inches Jn a
short time by a guaranteed harmless remedy
•without exercise or starving. I vrllli^ell you all
about It. Inclose euur.p. Address ifRS. E. M.
RICHARDS. 226 E. 9th St.. Riverside. Cal. •
.
&sB3f €3^. i'Jnest electric fur JACKET All-wool ripple eiderdown " I W
f'WL 4££&&/n like cut> with torm co1 " SACQUE, like cut; worth s~^\ , M
__5^ i^rP^^i/ lar and revere of genuine $1.25; sale price 7."><? /^SLi m
WS m ' m^ cnillcniIla or squir- Genuine mink STOLES, %?*$ M
*& G£&*JJbl rcl fur, lined with the fin- two yards Ion;?, finished ' "M -4? ffl
\\ -^^Jl^y cst satin; looks as elegant . with real mink tails; .^SKS^v ra
\\ /§aS^ ! '''V l&$& aS any sea^ sktn an<^ wears worth $30; sale price... y5i-^^/\ H
I Sft^^m "■...■■»«a-»»| CHRISTMAS WAI3T BARGAIN). |\T I ; I
I WfizWi M ll ?Z ma 5° I V ST 9 1 C ES ' ° X r ra Crepe de Chine, Peau de Soie, "1 1» V s M
S WfflBl m ?h- S worS «S db , rOwn . fm - Taffeta and other silks \ ¥ / I
i >^M"M '• ■•• ' • "■• ..%14 C .OO 56-^ to $10 quality, blacks, \jAJ I |
A l&Z^kftw Stylish jox opossum NECK trimmed ?°£1%tk?!%5MO Vwn ' i
H ii^^Vm f • u ? S> • t^° y - ards ]onR ' Elegant quality black Peau de ' » • 1
d fll V yim finished with tails; worth Soie WAISTS, $6 quality; - H
P* J— ■ 1 $"! sale price ?7.OO sale price .. ... S3. 75 H-
Eg Three-quarter long COATS. Oxford I ~T T r^, . iU . rriATC • H
V) erav chevJnts v -™ **- 1: i i^^St. Elegant three-quarter COATS, in K
m S* i'i «• i y * tylish> *&%$& light shades for dress and theater i
M small SI zes mostly; were $i S : to W$j& wear; regular^ $40 and $6=; value; , g
H c!osc out at 95.00 #SS^;«" sale price ■•• .^25.00 to $40.00 a
fvl Splendid opossum marten NECK ~ * H
I Furs; worth $4; sale price.. 9 2.75 DRESS VALUES THAT CANNOT 1
ti $ro black cheviot JACKET. . . .$5.00 y^^^ BE EQUALED. i
$10 Oxford gray corset JACKET.... 0-' t=M " . Style and QualityXuaranteed. B
fi $5.OO I -| j 1 \\ V LOT i — Fine cloth • tailorrmade Bi
I) $12.50 tan covert JACKETS... $7.50 I ill DRESSES; in the different fashion- ffl •,
[■? $14 fine covert cloth JACKETS ■ 1\ 1 \ 1 1\ IhoiceS*^ ' *"* '%5.00 ' ■ ♦ B
»j $10.00 ■ TTSjLjluij LOT a— This season's styles in coats M
M HIlKincr Hilt Rarcrain<i in FirPQQ <vkirfe Jff lArXM. and eton styles, fine quality tailor : H
9 UlUblllg UUl Ddlgdlllb in UieSS CKinS djl tTr|%- made DRESSES/ best all-wool ma- & ■
M $7-50 serge and cheviot DRESS A*- 1 TVKL ' terial, plain and' fancy effects, -".that m "
W SKIRTS, black only $3.75 NjftiJueKS^ * were; always $32.50 and $40; jour H
f^ $10 cheviot and cloth DRESS ' rt [ T $V l ™l'Z a L ' lE Y n ?S ; ~ LOT°^— The "best "b'argairi you ; ever' il
H SKIRTS, black only $5.OO c^t, fi^ qSity.'aif.wool saw'for the price, COAT DRESSES (S »
\i . "■ _ ' ' ' ■' covert or Kersey, tans, in all-wool mixtures .vand plain. K
h $15 voile DRESS SKIRTS, blues only blacks and castors, best cloths, walking skirt styles: worth i
I "•■• ;:.-; - ...^.$7.50 I
WjlJ^ 12O KEARNY STREET JUj|
AD\ T ERTISEMENTS.
WATER CURE IS USED
IN WASHINGTON PRISON
Dischargetl Convict Tells of Cruel
Treatment and Warden Admits
Truth of Statement.
SPOKANE, Dec. 17.— Cruel pun
ishment of convicts at the Washing
ton State penitentiary in Walla Walla
has been related by James Toy, "Who
was recently released. He says con
victs are stripped, bound hand and
foot and then played upon with a
two-inch hose carrying a half-inch
nozzle. He says water is poured upon
the neck and heart and victims are
quickly rendered unconscious. War
den Dryden. over the long- distance
telephone, admitted that the water
cure was sometimes given, but de
clared it was not a cruel punishment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, ; 1904.
Swayne Impeachment Proceedings.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.-lThe House
sub-committee on the impeachment
proceedings against Judge Swayne
has decided that the views of each
of its seven members should be pre
pared and. presented at a meeting of
the sub-committee to be J held on Jan
uary 5. when the articles of impeach
ment will be prepared for submission
to the Judiciary Committee.
i A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American. $2 75 box 25. •
A poor excuse is better than none,
but the same rule doesn't apply to
poor relations.
Hayti devotes almost one-sixth of its
revenues to free schools.
KING EDWARD'S NEW FIDUS
Cassel Successor to Lipton
!SIR ERNEST CASSEL, WHO IS REPOR TKP TO HAVE SUCCEEDED SIR THOM
AS LIPTON AS THE INTIMATE OF AND CONFIDENTIAL. ADVISER TO THE
KING OF GREAT BRITAIN.
LONDON, Dec. 17. — All because Sir
Thomas Lipton, rich, good-natured
and generous though he is, lacks some
of the qualities that go to make up
a perfect courderr there Is a J good rea
son for believing that he no longer 1
"stands in" as he used to with King
Edward Vil. Those who are in a po
sition to know declare that the aspir
ant for the America's cup has been
cut out of the position which he held"
for a while of confidential adviser to
Edward VII.
If Sir Thomas had taken his friends'
advice he would have lost no time,
once he was in favor in court. «n
marrying some woman of title, who,
with his immense fortune at her back,
would have been able to entertain and
go through the other social paces, for
him in the proper style. However,
Sir Thomas failed to, do this, and so
it was, say the court gossips, : that
some one else got the chance to slip
in' and oust him from his enviable
position.
CALLS HIM "EDWARD."
The man who is credited with hav
ing ousted Sir Thomas in this way
visited the United States recently in
the spick and span person of Sir Ern
est Cassel. Of. course it is known in
a way that this self-made. German
banker of 21 Old Broad street and 48
Grosvenor square is one of King Ed
;ward's intimates as well as being a
great sporting man and worth some
thing like $70,000,000.' : ,"
Sir Ernest Cassel knows more about
King Edward's business affairs^ than
any man in England. He is one ; of
the few persons outside of the. royal
family .who is privileged to address
both. the sovereign and the Prince of
Wales by their Christian names. He
has practically presented Edward; VII
with $2,000,000, and every one at
court knows that the cause of. the
/King's quarrel with " the', late Lord
Salisbury, was the Premier's refusal to
make Sir Ernest a Privy Councilor as
well as a Knight . in return • f or, . his
generosity. As soon ' as ; possible after
the l^te Picmierls retirement the
King gave Sir Ernest this much ' cov^.
eted distinction ; in the "'face of strong
opposition in high quarters, and-. 1 the
financier, recently received -.another
proof of the royal •„ favor when - the
King stood godfather : to his daugh
ter's «baby. •
• ENTERTAINS HIS MAJESTY.
The public- here, however, has no
idea how intimate, are the relations
between the King and his subject.. "It
is only now, and the"n that the news
papers announce that '.'Sir Ernest'Cas
sel had the honor . of entertaining his
Majesty: to dinner."' lastf evening in
Grosvenor square," > but ;! that . doesn't
prevent the King from being frequent
ly the millionaire's * guest when • the
fact is riot publicly-mentioned.. • -■
Since, his 'accession" Edward -VII has
practically abandoned -his. clubs,^but
this doesn't me'anr that; he has • given
up his old, cronies.' 'He.' meets ;. them
at af few .private. houseaV; and -one of
the. chief scenes ibf -such 'meetings? is
the 1 big house j in . Grosvenor • square,
just at the corner., of » Carlos place,
where Sir . Ernest Cassel lives in a style
such as . few men \ in ,the United Kingr
dom can afford. . • . ,' ■• ■ :-, '
i Like every. others rich racing; man, in
this country.'Sir Ernest ; also', has I'a
luxurious establishment at / Newmar
ket; His place there, is called Moul
ton Paddocks, and there the' King is
almost invariably, the' millionaire's
guest while the Newmarket season' is
on. .'■ «- ■- . .•'- - . ,■ r- • ■ .'-..;''■■
HIS PURSE KEPT OPEN.
; Though little attempt is made at
ostentation when the King is ; Sir Ern
est's guest In . a • private way, -the din
ners which the financier'givespubllcly
In the King's honor are 1 absolutely re
gal,' and entertaining his Majesty: costs
Sir. Ernest something -like $100,000 a
year.-. <■■■/'-■.'■ ■ . ' ..'- ■. ', • . • ,■ ,';.-,•■
/, It is as, his confidential" financial ad
viser, i however, that Sir Ernest comes
into_* closer touch .with vthe. sovereign
than : probably any rbther; private "Indi-
vidual ever did, with the possible ex
.ception of that other millionaire
friend of Edward VII's, the late Baron
de Hirsch. It was said, of course that
Baron de Hirsch paid the then Prince
of Wales' debts and many folk believe
that In this respect., too. Sir Ernest
has taken the late Baron's place, but
this is probably not literally true.! «
A satisfactory arrangement, which
he made In connection with his Majes
ty's indebtedness in various quarters,
did, however. ;cost Sir Ernest what
even to him must have been a pretty
penny, for in court circles .it is. said
that, the scheme launched soon after
his Majesty's (accession to settle his
accounts out of savings in the expen
ditures at the various royal palace's
was thought out by Sir Ernest, ' and
that in order to set it going he had
to hand over $1,000,000 out of His own
pocket. , , r: -• \ -
KING NOT WEALTHY.
• It is a safe assumption that if his
Majesty or the Prince of Wales, re
quired immediate financial assistance
Sir Ernest would" be the man they
would turn to. In fact, when an an
nouncement was made recently that
the Prince of Wales was going to start
racing stables at Newmarket many
who ought to know affirmed that Sir
Ernest was at the back of the under
taking. It is, not wholly out of the
question either that the King might
be glad of an "advance" at times, for
contrary to the general notion his
Majesty is not by any means rich. The
wills of sovereigns nre the only ones
that are never made public in this
country, and so the supposition was
natural that Edward VII inherited the
fortune which it" was always declared
Queen Victoria was "saving up for
her poor relatives." As a matter of
fact, however, her eldest son got little
of it. the bulk of the Queen's estate
having gone to Princess Henry of Bat
tenberg, who was always in personal
attendance on Queen Victoria and who
was looked - .upon as her favorite
daughter, f She is said. to be enormous
ly wealthy.' '' - • ,-
SECRETARY; HAY SEND'S
OUT A CIRCULAR NOTE
Gives • Summary, of '.Replies Received
Relative to Holding of Second
< Hague . Conference.
WASHINGTON.' Dec. 17.-Secretary
Hay i has ' transmitted to the Amer
ican Embassadors' and Ministers ac
credited to the j)owers signatory to The
Hague convention for presentation to
the several Foreign Offices,? a' circular
note: giving, a summary of the replies
to his note, of last' October suggesting
a; second 'Hague conference at * The
Hague to complete the work begun by
the first conference.; The note later
will' be' made .publlc'by the department.
In the reply of Japan the State De
partment - finds' a *yery ; reasonable pro
vision that this' conference, in the event
that 5 It should be called in the lifetime
of the present .■•war, 1 ' shall not in its
findings affect this conflict. So reason
able does this suggestion' appear to sav
eral neutral-; powersi that it is i thought
possible ,it may yet commend itself to
all the powers, RtftslaX In
case, the -.conference specifically ex
empts, from the 1 scope, of its -rules -the
present war it 13 the opinion of officials
of this Government, as well as a num
ber of, diplomats,; that neither of the
belligerents can reasonably .object to
the immediate convening of the-con
ference..
Mlnncsota Mates Discharged.
Paul Greening and John Duffy,
mates of the steamship Minnesota, ap
peared before United States Commis
sioner Heacock v v yesterday ' for. exami
nation on J the ; , charge of 'beating
Thomas Larsen on the high seas. The
defendants were ; discharged :' oh the
ground that there -was : not sufficient
evidence to^ convict. ."■
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS.
A Grand Display of
....Xmas Stocks....
Handsome and Useful Gifts Within
the Purse Limits of Everybody
Only sik days left to do your Christmas shopping.
Read this list carefully and vou will find a well selected assortment
of appropriate Christmas Rifts at the very lowest of special prices. Pres-
ents suitable for men. women or children.
Beautiful Belts Handsome Shopping Bags
Absolutely Free to Be Given Away
Beginning, to-morrow with each To every one purchasing a jjar-
purchase in our waist depart- ment- in our suit department
"ment amounting to'$i.75 or over; selling at $5.00 or over we win
.we will give free a beautiful give free a handsome up-to-date
belt. ' ' shopping bag.
Ready-to- Wear Garments Xmas Suggestions
Substantial gifts at big reduc- From the Fancy Goods Departments
tions, second floor. firMTc tvttt»t ,^ . »
WALK I N G SKI RTS— Were $7.50 91 .50 'arid " 75c
this week $5.95
RAIN COATS-Were $iQ.*>. this ££DIES/ INITIAL HANDKER-
week V ...$14.50 .'-'"f-*- 1 — Embroidered initial; six
VOILE SKIRTS-Were $17.^0. m a box ' * 1 - G0 ' and 50c
this week $13.75 CHILDREN'S INITIAL HAND-
VOILE SKIRTS— Were $25.00. K E R C H I E F S — Embroidered
this week $10.50 initial; three in a box; per box
SILK PETTICOAT SPECIAL— 25c and 10c
Fine Swiss taffeta; Black or plain _ . _ _ _. „ •
colors or changeable effects: were JjA-SJA? EMBROIDERED
$9.50. Special ............. $6.5O HANDKERCHIEFS — Linen or
SHIRT WAISTS-Were S.roo. lawn J thr « and six in_a fancy box
this week $2.25 $1.OO, . uc and 5Oc
SHIRT WAISTS— Were- $3.7.^. GENTS' MUFFLERS— We are
this week $2.05 headquarters for mufflers; most
SHIRT WAISTS— Were $6.50. beautiful line in the citv: all hand
this week ... . . .$4.85 drawn, hand embroidered: from..
$2.5O to $5.OO
Knit Goods Plain Mufflers .... ♦* - 25 to $3.5O
HAND-CROCHETED PETTI- LADIES' NECKWEAR— An im-
- COATS — Wide sweep. Special.^. mense assortment; lace stocks,
• ♦••••. $2.25 collars, jabots, silk and chiffon ef-
HAND-CROCHETED SHAWLS fects; prices range from
—Full circular, this week $6.OO to 50c
$2.25, $2.OO and $2.5O rttttfq_t?-k k ♦• a
?nTTAPP i'nit CHiwr? t»,;= KUrrb— Ribbon trunmed
FASCINATORS— Full size, this -
week 50c and 25c LADIES HAND BAGS— An im-
KNIT WOOL SWEATERS— rnense assor|ment, ranging in price
With sleeves, for ladies: white. from $10.00 to 35c
black, navy and cardinal. Prices.. T Ar\Tcc •dttttc r» .
. . . .$3.00, $2.50, $2 and $1.50 fifir^r^t-iiPT Persia " . norcI :
, . . - . ties, new silk, fancv trimmed
I4r\\lt*.n\r leather, etc. Prices range from
riO.ldOy O1JKS $3.50 to 25c
SILK WAIST PATTERNS-In ■ V
fancy boxes, worth from $4.00 to LADIES' APRONS— Fancy and
$6.00. Special $2.95 plain, with bibs, embroidery trim-
SURAH SILK— Suitable for muf- med Sue to 25c
flers and 24 inch cs wide; stamped PIANO DRAPES— Velour and
free; $1.00 quality. Special. ..75c silk. Prices range from. ..
Dress Goods in ; ...**.oo to $1.95
Christmas Packages St^Lti? 1 BRO i DERED
All in waist.lengths and put up in gffl
fancy boxes decorated with silk »-, --; " «»>< X,;
ribbons. Appropriate for holiday *x.?& to $-5.00
gifts. , . KID GLOVES— The famous "Co-
WAIST PATTERNS— Fancy Al- lumbia," in fancy boxes; all sizes
paca raindrop novelties; mercer- t n f l c^ r S v P i?c* P Tu''"«r>''*i .?
. ized and novelty all-wool waistings KID. GLOVES— The Peerless";
worth $2.50; full pattern • length . . th « re isn * a.bctter glove made; all
" $1.25 colors and sizes; per pair... $1.5O
WAIST PATTERNS— Embroid- CUSHIONS— These cushions are
ered alpaca waistings; cream all complete and readv for use.
grounds with silk embroidered Special Christmas reductions.
dots, in all colors, also many silk $2.50 Cushions now $1.25
and wool novelties and fancy Ox- $3.50 Cushions now $2.00
fords worth up to $3.00; full waist $5.00 Cushions now....$3.00
pattern .'......... .$1.95 $7.00 Cushions now.... $4.OO
WAIST PATTERNS — Fancv S 8 - 00 Cushions now....$5.OO
granite and poplin weaves, silk and OUR GLOVE AND MERCHAN-
wool basket novelties. Windsor DISE ORDERS are always wel-
cheviots, etc.; big variety, worth come gifts, as they are good in any
$2,125; a full waist pattern for.... department at any time.
EXTRA SPECIAL— $1.^0 novelty STAMPING DONE FREE^on
waist patterns in fancv batiste. ».» materials purchased here. Par-
French challie. Oxford cheviot and tlcuI , ar attention is called to our
all-wool basket flannels, worth up stock of embroiderv materials,
to $1.75; full waist pattern. .$1.00 wool yarns, silk and linen Batten-
m \rv tatt or- rHFVTOT bcr^ braid ' sjlk cords ' hoops, Bat-
BLACK TAILOR CHE\IOT-- tenbcrg patterns, etc. V*i
500 yards to be sold this week; all b *
wool, 54 inch; our srreat dollar MAIL ORDERS filled same day.
leader. Special, per yard. ... .59c as received.
AFFAIRS OF THE CHURCH
IN fSLANDSv DISCUSSED
WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— Secretary
Taft and Monsignor Agius. the apos
tolic delegate to the Philippines, were,
in conference Friday for some time on.
Philippine affairs in which the Catho
lic church authorities are interested.
One of the matters related to claims for
damages for the occupation of the
church lands and church buildings by
the forces of the Philippine Govern
ment while engaged in suppressing the
insurrectionary movements. It is said
that Secretary Taft will soon submit
to ■ the House . a recommendation that
the claims be. paid.
> The Secretary and Monsignor Aglus
were at the White House to-night,
where they discussed with the Presi
dent matters relating to the Philippines.
J ■ Don't simply "get a bottle, of. cough medicine."
I Get GOOL) cough medicine. Ask your druggist
I for
J IRISH MOSS GQU6H BALSAM
I and you : will have the best— the kind that cures
ICqngiis, Colds and All Throat and Lung Troubles
: in a day. It cost- you no more than the thousand
and ' one unknown'' kinds that the dealer tries to
selTyou,; because 5 o( larger ■''profits.
)■ __so!_n__U_l_MD_HMMir_w* F.. - .*.-
ADVERTISE3HENTS.
DEAD NATIONALIST LEADER
IS NOW ACCUSED OF FRAUD
NEW YORK, Dec. 17. — It la reported
that In addition to the domestic scan
dal with which he was threatened the
late Nationalist leader, M. Syveton,
was accused of financial irregularities
of a grave character, says a Times
dispatch from Paris. An expert ac
countant has been called for an In
vestigation by the Magistrate in charge
and that search Is being made to learn
what became of $30,000— part of a fund
alleged to have been entrusted to Syve
ton in connection with the military in
vestigation some time ago.
This matter, it is stated, was to have
been brought against Syveton at hia
trial for assaulting General Andre, the
War Minister. ;
ADVERT1SEMKJTS.
— -~> "^IZlAneut md« at San Tranatfloa for
90 bocrs mrtfr t '""^«r* r *_ Dooember
IS. UOi.
8a Tnncbm and TlatnUy — Fair
Sater. beeamtnr cloudy at night ;
Eitt «uc wtai
A. O. UtcADIE.
District Tttrnrmntir.
VOLUME XCVTT— NO. 1&
JAPANESE ABANDON
THE HOPE OF TAKING
CITADEL BY STORM
Reason for Destroying
Port Arthur Fleet.
STOESSEL HOLDS dUT
Thousands of Nogi's Dead
Remain Unburied.
Special Dispatch to The GalL
TQKIO, Don. IS, 11 a. m. — The bat
tleship Sevastopol has been success
fully torpedoed ten times. Advices
from Port Arthur say that she is
aground and is evidently completely
disabled.
CHEFU, Dec 17. — Persons who
have Just arrived here from Port Ar
thur assert that the unprecedented
slaughter of Japanese during the tak
ing of 203-Meter Hill has caused the
besiegers to change their tactics. Ap
parently they no longer hope to cap
ture the city by assault. This is be
lieved to be proved by the fact that
their shell fire was concentrated on
the Russian warships in the harbor
until the vessels were sunk.
The refugees maintain that the de
struction of the Retvizan, Pobieda,
Pallada and Peresviet could have been
accomplished at any time within the
last three months had - not Japan
hoped to capture the fortress soon and
thus gain possession of the vessels.
Xow that they- have deliberately de
stroyed the warships it is believed they
have abandoned the hope of early
capture of the city.
Since December 1 two steamships
•with provisions and one with ammuni
tion have run the blockade and un
loaded their cargoes at Port Arthur.
Around the city the ground is frozen
hard and the bodies of Japanese who
fell in the storming of 203-Meter Hill
Etill lie unburied, it being next to im
possible to dig graves for them. Thou
sands of frozen corpses strew the ac
clivities of the hill and the neighbor
ing sand dunes.
Commander Mizzeneoff. who was
executive officer of the Russian bat
tleship Poltava until that vessel was
disabled and who on December 15
headed a party of seven Russians who
left Port Arthur in a sail boat and ar
rived here yesterday with dispatches,
said to-night in an interview that
Port Arthur is a desolate and, except
for the firing of guns, a silent place.
"The Russians," said he, "are hus
banding their artillery ammunition,
firing only when the effect will be cer
tain. There are sixteen thousand men
in the line of forts and their periods of
rest are few. All the generals except
General Stoessel live In the forts.
Every building In the whole town is
more or less damaged.
"General Stoessel has put the en
tire population on regular rations suf
ficient to last three mqnths. The am
munition is sufficient to last much
longer. I believe the Japanese will
never take the fortress under present
conditions."
TOKIO, Dec. 17.— A report received
from the headquarters of the Japanese
army besieging Port Arthur says that
the following letters from Lieutenant
General Stoessel to General Nogi
reached headquarters at 8 o'clock on
the evening of December 15:
"I have the honor to inform you that
vour artillery Is bombarding our hos
pitals, which ere plainly distinguished
by Red Cross flags. These insignia are
visible from your artillery positions.
"I request you to prohibit this bom
bardment. I make this request be
cause of high esteem for our brave he
roes, who, after glorious fighting with
your force, lie wounded in our hospitals
unjier the Red Cross. Among these he
rocs are some Japanese wounded.
"I avail myself of this opportunity
to convey to you the assurances of my
fcteh respect."
The second letter said:
"I hereby entrust the bearer, Bara
shoff Langa, huntmaster to the Em
peror of Russia and superintendent of
i he Red Cross, to negotiate with your
Excellency to remove the hospitals out
ride the dangerous zone during the
Itombardirient.
"It is needless to say we have respect
for your right to promote the success
.if ; your operations."
Penciled on the envelope containing
<he letters was the following:
-Barashoff Langa will come to the
s;m: place on the afternoon of Decem
ber 16 to receive your reply."
General Nogi reports that he sent
Major Saito. accompanied by Profes
sor Ariga and an interpreter, to Sall
chiao to deliver the following letter ad
dressed to General Stoessel:
"1 have the honor to assure you that
the Japanese army, respecting human
ity and the treaties since the beginning
of the siege, has never purposely di
rected shells against the buildings or
i essels flying the Red Cross; but the
greater part. of the garrison is invisi
ble from our. gun positions.
"As you know, shells do not always
r«>ach. the place against which they are
directed, and especially,: owing to your
long and brave resistance, the devia
tion of our guns Is becoming- greater
and greaterj so. with the greatest-re
gret, tre are , unable ; to guarantee to
reach the places aimed at.
"I avail myself of i this/ 1 opportunity
to convey to' your Excellency- the - as-
The San Francisco Call.
surances of my highest respect."
The record of the interview between
Barashoff Langa and Major Saito is
as folio we:
Barashoff Langa — The Japanese
army, directs its fire against our build
ings under the Red Cross.
Major Saito — Never.
Barashoff Langa — We request you
not to bombard the whole of the new
town nor the northeastern part of the
old town. ?/J .;
Major Saito— We cannot agree abso
lutely to limit the area.
Barashoff Langa— We will give you
a map showing the positions of the
hospitals and hope you will not bom
bard them.
Major Saito-We will receive the map
supporting your request.
It was arranged that the map was
to be delivered on December 18.
NORTH SEA INVESTIGATION.
Paris Findings May Establish Im
portant Precedents.
PARIS, Dec. 17. — Great activity is
manifested In official and diplomatic
quarters in connection with the open
ing next Tuesday of the sessions of
the international commission which
is to incuire into the North Sea in
cident. , The meeting will bring to
gether some of the leading naval and
legal forces of the five foremost mari
time powers. Besides the Anglo-Rus
sian crisis, which \ the appointment of
the comrhission has averted; it is ex-,
pected that the meeting will establish
a number of precedents affecting na
val conditions and the rights and re
sponsibilities of belligerents ; and neu
trals in time of war.
Hospital Ship in Collision.
MOJI, Japan, Dec. 17. — The Japan
ese transport Manshu and the hospital
ship Rohilla were in collision to-day
off Shimoneseki. Both were dam
aged. The Rohilla was beached and
the sick and wounded soldiers were
safely landed. •
CAMPBELL
PAYS VISIT
TO ZEIGLER
Ep«clal Diep*tch to The Call
CHICAGO. Dec. 17. — Joseph Lelter
returned to-day from Zeigler, where,
with his brother-in-law. Major Colin
Campbell, he spent the week inspect
ing his mines and laying plans for
conducting a long and vigorous cam
pa!gn against the strikers.
A recital of the experiences of
Lelter in his little mining camp in
Southern Iilinois contains all the
thrilling embellishments of a tale of
frontier life. When In Zeigler the multi
millionaire, capitalist and mine owner,
brother of Lady Curzon of Kedleston,
and of the prospective bride of the
Earl of Suffolk, lived in a constant
state of siege, with a heavily armed
guard surrounding his domicile and a
brace of revolvers in his pockets,
ready for service at a moment's notice.
The experience of a week's stay at
Zeigler with Leiter was a revelation
to Major Campbell, who said he never
saw anything to equal it and marveled
that such conditions could exist in the
heart of a civilfzed community within
the jurisdiction of the United States.
Leiter said:" -
"It was a great life at Zeigler. At'6
o'clock in the morning I make the
round of the, mine tipples and various
buildings, as well as the homes of the
metL I carry a couple of revolvers in
my- hip pockets and I, may say that. I
am not ; at , all backward about using
them if the occasion requires. The
strikers never molest me, for they
know I am not \ afraid of . them and
that I would shoot to kill the moment
any ' of them' made ; a ; move toward his
hip pocket; • I £ am going to run my
mines and break up; that band 'of cut
throats outside if it ; takes me eighteen
months to ; do {M.
"My plans 'are; laid for. a long siege
and at every visit I find something
which will enable us to strengthen our
position. I- have a * force • of ; severity
five ' militamen " from 1 the ~jXatIona4
Guard • of , Illinois, who ] are : at 'the ser
vice of the Sheriff, ready . at a mo
ment's, notice -to help In: case of van
emergency. In addition ■ I ■ have - sixty
deputies " sworn t In ? as :■ United - ' States
marshals, all of them armed j to the
teeth. . Any " one ; of > them t would- shoot
at : the drop of the hat."
SIXTY-EIGHT PAGES--SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY; 18,^1904— PAGES '45 ;^TO ' 56.
MYSTERIOUS
MURDER OF
POLICEMAN
Oakland Is Startled
by Mother
George BrowD, Mounted Pa
trolman, Shot Down
While on Duty.
Assassin Fires in the Dark>nd Then
Escapes, Two of His Three Bul
lets Taking Effect.
OAKLAND, Dec. 1 7. — Another po
liceman was murdered in Oakland to
night when Mounted Officer George
Brown fell a victim to an assassin's
bullet. He was shot, by a highway
man about 7:30 o'clock at" Twenty
sixth street and Broadway. Two bul
lets dropped him in his tracks. He
had dismounted to question a /sus
picious character and had the reins of
his horse over his arm when .he was
ruthlessly killed without an oppor
tunity to defend himself.
Brown had been hurriedly sent out
from the police station to intercept a
robber who had held up M. C. Hursey
of 316 Twenty-second street. He fell in
with a man on Broadway and stopped
him. Then those who were within hear
ing heard three shots fired In rapid suc
cession. Brown staggered away and
was taken into the Providence Hos
pital, which was almost across the way,
but "died without making any state
ment. He lived only, about five minutes
after being put on the operating table.
Brown was" seen., to dismount '■■ and.
accost a man who was riding. a\ bicycle,
on the - sidewalk without a* lantern and
then crossed over to the other side
of the road to where a man was
standing. Almost immediately after
ward three sharp reports were heard
in quick succession. The murderer
was seen to turn down Twenty-sixth
street and run toward. Telegraph ave
nue. • He was a thick set man of me-'
dium height and wore dark clothes
and had on a soft felt hat.
At the hospital Policeman Brown
was attended by Dr. H. Koford, who
found that but two of the bullets had
found their mark. -One tore through
the muscles of the right shoulder. The
other went through the heart and was
the one that caused his death.
J. McKay of 1059 Clay street saw
Brown as he crossed the road to speak
to the man who took his life, and heard
him exclaim, "God, I am shot." He
saw the man run away, and then
helped people, who had been attracted
by the shots to carry Brown into the
hospital.
M. C. Hursey, the man who was held
up at Twentieth and Harrison streets
and at whose instance Brown was sent
out, made the following statement to
the police: b/'&rr
"I. live at 216 Twenty-second street,
and was walking toward my home on
Twentieth when . I was suddenly ac
costed by a man who held a large pis
tol at my head and told me to throw
up my hands. I put them up, and then
thinking it was a joke started to take
them down, when he said, 'Keep them
up!' He went through my pockets arid
took $1 75. He then commanded me to
go along about my business and not. to
turn around. I did as I was told until
I was several blocks away, when I
went into a store and U telephoned to
the police station. Thls : was;. at 7:15
o'clock."
Brown Is the victim. of some of the
many hard characters attracted - here
during the races. Each recurring sea
son is the occasion for Just such hold
ups and only a year ago. Policeman
Smith was . shot In the same way and
David Kiniry, his murderer, has just
been brought to. this city.
Brown's family .is" prostrated. He
leaves a wife 7 and little child and a
mother. After his "death a nurse
from the hospital was sent to' his
home, which is not far away. Brown's
mother is bereft of her reason and his
wife is hysterical. They were taken
to the Hospital, but after a short time
were removed, and Brown's body was
taken to the Morgue.
Trial Trip of the -_ Gregory.
PERTH AMBOY, N. J., : Dec. 17.—
The torpedo-boat -" Gregory t \built, for
the 'Russian Goverriment,: by Lewis
Nixon, was given a trial trip to-day.
The Gregory is expected to develop a
speed of twenty-five knots and Is said
to : be fitted to ; carry one torpedo gun.
Nine other -boats similar -to the
ory, which; were'ibuilt" by Mr.. : Nixon
for Russia, have been taken apart and
are now awaiting; shipment
Sings "Slignon" for First Time.
BERLIN, Dec. 17.— Geraldirie : Far
rar,'. the American , prima donna" at the
Royal Opera-house, sang the ; tltleTrble
in Ambroise Thomas' ., "Mignbn" i f or
the first time i in^ her) career to-night:
Death ; of s Federal Judge.
. MEMPHIS, Tenn.,' Dec. i 17.— A pri
vate telegram ;frbhrNew .York received
here says that .-^Federal Judge; E. S:
Hammond; ; of Memphis died J suddenly
there k : to-day
AMERICAN
BLUNTNESS
ASTOUNDS
CanadianGounsep
sents Hint at
• Fraud.-
Sensational Phase ol Appeal
] From Greene-Gaynor v
Decision. ...
Intimation That a Canadian Judge
Was Subjected to Undue ..
Influence;
LONDON, Dec. 17.— The Privv Coun
cil, which yesterday began hearing the
appeal of the United States against the
decision of the Justice of the crown at
Quebec in the case of Greene and Gay
nor, adjourned at the conclusion of the
arguments to-day. Judgment -will be
rendered on December 19.
Donald McMaster, K. C.', of Mon
treal concluded his argument in behalf
of the United States to-day, .and was
followed by Herbert H. Asquith, former
Home Secretary, representing the two
respondents. Asquith contended there
was no ground for the Intervention of
the Privy Council. The mqst their
Lordships could do was to express an
abstract opinion on the merits of the
case. Asquith complained of the form
in which the American Government had
presented . the case. It seemed to -be
highly improper. He read a paragraph
in the. American printed case commenc
ing, "Whether the Judge .In : the dis
charge of bis ,dut>',"." and ending, "nor, 1
indeed, •: do " they , think v It necessary*, to
do so." 'Asquith" said^he ','considerediit
.was* a^eerious; matter- that Suggestions
of thls^klnd should be made1n*a*pririt
ed"document in a'legal inquiry of this
description." 'V-'';-. ■">• ..-"■■'.
LORD CHANCELLOR CONCURS. f
.The Lordj Chancellor, Lord : Salisbury,
concurred, saying: • •
"The suggestion contained in that ex
tract-is absolutely, irrelevant to the
question of legality. |lj must- deprecate
the ' introduction "of such matters' into
the appellant's ,case # They; cannot af
fect our judgment on its merits." ~
; ; The paragraph in question is as fol
lows: "
"Whettier, a Judge, . in the. discharge
of his duty, who certainly; has- done
nothing to merit such treatment; may
be threatened, with \ discipline, .'JudU
ciary or administrative,' by a law part
ner of the Minister of Justice arid at-*
torney of Canada; whether . one Judge^
of the Superior Court can- causey his
writ of habeas corpus to issue
another Judge of - the same court has
disposed of a prior writ ', issued, in. re
gard to the same*matter*f whether jt: is
seemly that the -petition of the later
writ should, be applied for in* the. name
of. a law firm in which the Minister of
Justice and attorney : of Canada J is j* a
partner and of which the; Premier.! of
Quebec is also a. partner, and that
nearly a month should elapse and sev
eral, proceedings intervene before it
was discovered that the whole name of
the firm should not have been used, but
only three-fifths : , thereof: .' whether
equally it is seemly that the. partner ,'of
the Attorney General of the Province of
Quebec (the latter; beingra member/of
the Provincial Cabinet" and a colleague
of the Premier of the province)- should
be counsel for the fugitives; -whether it
is proper that the crown should,be;un
represented ■ throughout the protracted
proceedings, \ involving "not ' only, serious
charges, \ but - international ; treaty ; oblt-~
gations— are\ ; .matters', upon' .which'; ' the.
appellants do not at this time desire to
make any further comment, ; nor, in
deed," do they, think It , necessary to
do so." "" '"' ■■■.'■•" '
McMASTER IS CONFIDENT.
McMaster said to-night that -he .was
confident the decision of the Privy
Council - would : be : in , his \ favor,'; but he
declined to say what would; be the next
step of the' United States attorneys.". He
did not /expect Greene and ,' Gaynor j to
surrender, for- extradition."-,
AstoAsquith's complaint, McMaster
said it would .' have no effect 'on the
case. .McMaster agreed that the;para
graph referred : to by ■, Asquith" was sir r
relevant,; but " he added : that by I taking
exception Ho 'it", the respondents empha
sized thetpoirit made . by the American
Government. - -:
DAY * AND ,- DATE: WANTED
'A B\ ; : "BUFFALO BILL'S" WIFE
Cody's Spouse /Asks Court^to , Compel
Former Scout to Amend Divorcei ,
: i~ Coinplairit. -' ; •
SHERIDAXlWyo./ Dec. j 17.-—Coun
sel ; for : Hts- -^ William : p^ ■ Cody '. to-day
filed * a motion ; requiring : her ■ husband^
Who -^eeks- divorce, to r amend \ his pe
tltiori ': sd' as .' td^riaine ?the I -specific ■ in
starices" of ; of £the" ; 'alleged
indignities foffered 1 ito; -plaintiff »by Mrs.
CodyJ 1 ; ■ j She* asks,ithat£tlate's i of ' these
named,';;at j>hat feUmeay plaintiff 's
friends i Jw^re \ refused ♦ adrriissibn^ to"! the
Cody 'home) byt her; arid ' atVwhat ; time
Colonel p:cody;s Vfrlends "were./ driven
fromj their; home^by her. i She -also
asks that Jher.'allegedi conduct "at^ the*
tinie iot V, their >;' daughter's >; death : be
stricken -fromtthe records. •r3®§8BS&m
ENGLISH WOMAN VIGOROUSLY
COMBATING CHAMBERLAIN.
firs. GobdenUnwinbOpDosino Taxation of Food Products-
LONDON, Dec. 17. — No one takes
a : keener interest in the ' fiscal con
troversy started , by Joseph Chamber?
lain than -Mrs. Cobdeh Unwin. "She Is
the wife of the .well-known London
publisher, V -T. Fisher V Unwin, .and a.
daughter of *. Richard Cobden, - the
great . apostle of free trade, who did
vastly more than any .other, one man
to bring about. the. repeal of the corn
laws in 184G. ; , .
. -As the daughter, of such a man,
Mrs. Unwin is .naturally strongly op
posed to . Mr. • Chamberlain's propa
ganda for the v taxation of food prod
ucts and a modified form of protec
tion.; Nor is She content with being
a passive opponent; of. the Birming
ham, statesman's policy. In the recent
Parliamentary contest at Horsham, an
electoral district in which Cobden was
bom._and -long; resided, -she • actively
espoused the cause of the Liberal can
didate, Ii R. Erskine, against Viscount
Tumour, who - represented the Con
servative party plus the Chamberlain
policy. .. ., . . . ..'.
;Mrs. Cobden Unwin particularly
busied, herself in- bringing to the polls
old men; who stilP retained vivid rec
ollections of the hunger and hardships
they .endured before. Cobden won his
free trade fight. She got them to tell
their stories "of those gloomy times,
and- cited" them before audiences as
living. witnesses 'of .the evils that might
again 1 : be wrought: .• by a re turn to a
policy of protection.
Lord Tumour was elected, but as
his majority in a Conservative strong
hold was 700 less than the successful
Conservative < candidate .had, received
inthe last election in which the rep
resentation had been contested, Mrs.
Unwin regarded it as a vindication of
Cobdenism rather than a victory . for
a | revival of the, policy which he so
strenuously opposed.
To a work just published, entitled
"The Hungry Forties," which gives
the personal experiences of living sur
vivors of that period of stifled revolt
and semi-starvation.; Mrs. Unwin has
contributed an interesting introduc
tory chapter. It. consists in the main
of .interviews obtained by Mrs. Unwin
with old residents of the neighborhood
In .which Cobden lived. ■ •
AMNESTY; FOR EXILES ' ,
; "•"'-•.•■• "-■'■'■' ? 'ASKED OF- THE CABINET
Premier I Combes Opposes Petition of
French * Deputy -arid Lively De
bate Is Precipitated. ■
•, PARIS,' Deci ■ 17.— In the Chamber
of -.Deputies _ I to-day - M. . Gauthier 'de
jClagriy,'' revisionist, .asked' that' am-'
nestly, be granted \ia Paul -Deroulede
-arid j Marcel . Habert," convicted - in '. 1 8 9 9
v by i the';High* / C6urt of: participation in
a plot: to overthrow the. Government
arid i who -were subsequently exiled^ -A
lively ;- debate - followed.; Premier
Com"bes opposed the request and fur
ther I discussion '4 of - the Question ; was
postponed. . .
.Habert's term- of exile expires at
midnight .to-night'and telegrams from
Spain;say he is ready to cross the bor
der, a .minute, after, midnight. It has
been arranged -that 1 18,000 National
ists will | take part [in a demonstration
when Habert arrives In Paris to-mor
row. -Elaborate : police precautions
will b« . taken. . .
NEWSPAPER ME.\ FIGHT
; - WTTH ' COURT- OFFICERS
Scribes Refuse to" Obey Supreme Jus
tice arid: Give Battle to At
.tendants.
; 'NEW .YORK, Dec. 17. — A scene of
unusual .'disorderjwas witnessed In the
Supreme '■< Court in Brooklyn, to-day,
where -Justice Marean I during, a . hear
ing; In .^the case of Mabel> Spang,
daugiiter'of : a vPittsburg steel- manu
facturer, 'ordered that • admission '. \ to
the * building be denied all newspaper
men.";. Some of them took exception to
the 'authority of the Justice ' in ; order
ing them * from'; the; building, arid de
clined to leave. . Attendarits were then
ordered 'to; clear the corridors and
eject. the juhwelcoriie ones. 'but they
met . withvlolerit : opposition and for a
time srious. -trouble was 'c iriiminenL
.The" corridors; were ' finally cleared af
ter; a -hand-t6 T haridscfimrnage.. ■
r The hearing in : the case • of Miss
Spang, , who, : : it i; is \ alleged, : has *been
wrongfully coriflned in an insane asy
lum,'r,was.' continued > to-day ,' behind
closed "doors., •■'' ■■'■'. - '
EARLY; MORXIXG^QUARREL
;:-V_". ■■;*•'; ends \':is* fataij 'shooting
Petcrsen Olesen \1s Killed in a Red
wood City Nursery, by .Jeff Breen, -
_..• ./Another, 'Employe. ■ ■ •.. ■
; : SAN ; MATEO. - Dec. ' 1 7;_ij ef f Breen
shot and^killed -Petersen ''.'Oleseri . early
this-imorrilng^ Breen lis; a brother. of
the\ superintendent of." P. .. C. Meyer's
big ; nurseries* in » this; city, and t Olesen
was eriiployed.there,as fireman. ■
*£ Meyer ; says the ' trouble; was origin
ated • by.: James- Mitchell,'! who 'raised 'a
row -"among. :the ;men, at .a -.late hour.'
Clesen's^body • lay i all -f night {where, he
fell j and fin' the ~r morning lofflcers ; went
to jthe nursery ; arid arrested: Breen and
Mitchell.'. : ! They \wereX taken- to : Red
wood " City.' arid - placed I ln/jaill ' Meyer
has "engaged' cpurisel^to' defend .Breen.
HOME.OF.aNDiAN- PRINCE
BOUGHT ; BY AMERICANS
Los ' Angeles ■ -Man^ and j Others ! Pur
chase j!r Famous f. Providencia -
'Hacienda* in Mexico.' -
t , AUSTIN. - " Tex.'. ," Dec. -.,. * 17.-r Arthur
Bull ? of Los Angeles, ;Cai.', rand' other
AmerlcanB rhave ; puVchased , the'f amous
Prbyidericla hacienda/ embracing • 100,
000 ■• acres, i- situated -J near \\» A'capulco?
Mexico^ "This V- estate', was once r^ the
magnificent ' L home ot the ' Indian ■ Prince
'Alvarez, iwho* for? a* short period % was
President 'of ! Mexico. ■
'■ ji ■ THB THEATERS.
AOPAZARr-*X>prlce.~ ' Matins* to
>day.
►CALIFORNIA— -"Sta Hopkins."
COLUMBIA— "TTie Billionaire."
CEN'TRALr-"Lc«t In Siberia." M*t
* . laee : to-<S«y.
CHCTES— Vaudeville. Mailnea to-day.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville. Matin** to
day.
GRAND — "In Dahomey." - Matlne* to
day.
MAJESTIC— •'Mr. Potter of Texas." .
ORPHEUM — Vandevllle. Matinee to
• .day. , ■■ -
TTVOLI— "Klnr Dodo."
REAR END
COLLISION
AT SIDING
Engine teles Into
Sleeper ol Stalled
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE. Dec. 17. — An ap
palling [railroad disaster was " narrow
ly averted this .morning - about \. 2
o'clock at the -Berg siding, , four -miles
north of this city, , when 7; during *~a
dense fog the" second- section^ of,. the
northbound- Oregon train . crashed into
the first which had -been
stalled by trie^breaking of a; coupling.
That no liv^s were lost was due to; the
,quick application -" of the air ; brakes
by Engineer Hohd,who was in charge
of the. engine \bf the second : section!
When he saw the signal light he was
only a short distance from the stalled
train.
Brakeman Henry Lewis of Sacra
mento.'.who was between "the cars re
pairing* the coupling/;, was knocked
down and his left foot was cut off; by,
one, of the' /wheels. , Barney McLaugh
lin of this 'city was alsoTthrbwndown
and he sustained ,' a- fractured collar
bone. - William Wilkinson of- Portland
and Mrs. ' Robert Delany. ' passengers,
were ■ severely bruised. A ; number " of
other passengers were -bruised . and
shaken up when the engine struck the
rear sleeper. .- \
"■■. The first reports gave , rise to the
fear that many lives * had . been lost.
and a special, train, bearing Dr. Ste
venson and a corps of skilled assist
ants was dispatched from Sacramento.
Drs. Powell and Stratum of this city
immediately: left for the scene of the
collision and rendered such aid to the
injured as was necessary. Brakeman
Lewis was taken .to Sacramento.
When the.* trains came together the
rear one- was moving at about ten
iriiles- an. hour, having reduced its
speed from about .thirty- five miles af
ter, seeing, the signal. That the brake
man* who was J sent . back to . flag the
coming train did not go farther was
due" to the denser fog preventing him
from- seeing how far he-had gone. It
is also - 1 reported tha"t he 'stopped to
assist Lewis in making the repairs.
One' end .of the," Pullman car^was
demolished and , the " engine was dam
aged to suclv an extent that it was re
turned to Sacramento/ It required
about i three- hours^ to clear* the track
and the southbound Oregon train had
to be held at Gridley.
Announces ' Black's Candidacy.
TROY, :N. Y.. .Dec. 1 7.— The candi
dacy of Governor Prank ; S.
Black; for the -United States Senator
ship ; in'; place of M7\ Depew is an
nounced tb-day-by > the Troy .Times • in
a complimentary editorial. The Times
Is regarded ' here as . peculiarly close
toiBlaclSVBHH
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
I, ENGLISH VTOltAX YTHO 13 - OP- 1
POSED TO THE POLICY OF
JOSEPH CHAMBERLAIN.
FUNERAL
SERMON BY
TELEPHONE
Novel Last Rites
Over : Vietim of
; DipMeria.
Special Dispatch to The p«i?
. . DES MOIXES." Dec. 17. — A funeral
sermon was preached here 'to-day over
the telephone. - • "
■'■ Death from diphtheria prevented
the family, of 'Miss Alice "Conrad hav
ing a' funeral which' friends could at
tend and In- order to. comply with the
last request' of ' the girl * that the ser
mon should be preached at the house,
a' telephone was placed so as to con
nect the .church with the house. By
its use and with" the aid of a mega
phone Rev. Sherman Kirk was able
to preach to two audiences, one at the
church and the other at the house, at
the same time.
. Those at home heard the words and
music almost as distinctly as the con
gregation in the church.
E3IPEROU WILIj DISSOLVE
HUNGARIAN PARLIAMENT
Official Visit to Budapest Early hi
January Is Planned by Francis
BUDAPEST. Dec. 17. — It is semi
officially announced that Emperor
Franci3 Joseph will come to Budapest
early In January and dissolve the
Hungarian Parliament. It is also as
serted that a general election will be
ordered for January 26 and that the
new Parliament will meet February'5.
LONDON 3IORE IN NEED
OF REFOR3I s THAN CONGO
LONDON, Dec. 17.— Mrs. M. French*
Sheldon, the explorer and author, who
arrived at Southiirmptoh yesterday
after having spent fourteen months in
vestigating alleged atrocities . in the
Congo > Free State, says that she haa
seen more atrocities on London streets,
than in the Congo.46
■ Smoking jackets : : . % ' vt||BB:|- .-:./;.. .:"■ \X.\~' '.'■'.;■ ■ ■ -Sweaters
it. The assortment -is so extensive that you • . WM ■Jt*'*JQ >vl S U ; ' ■ ■ V,iv^|: iIOl-^H) •■ ' &■ * ers - The prices are $1:00, $1-50, $2-00, up
uk in our ovm Workshops from material pur- ..,.../-. .fcrA^^il "^^^^^fe^S^sS^^ • . We carry an extensive assortment of
, ,. -• . , *; ,, r . ■ ;; • ,'.Ms f -]} :^>v,- •{ \5 -v&^&A&r^^^ - leather goods, carcfullv selected from the
Pr/1VPnottaC About this time every year you are wondering, "What shall I give him for Christmas?" The R/Ifli>S<a f/% flir»#lor»
V^I UVeilClt^S object of this advertisement is to" help answer this perplexing question.' JWlaQB IO V/rQcF V/lOlU6S
to Oie; thoughtful .giver. ■ ; . • , - - smoking jackets, bath robes and clothing, that a number of suggestions as here, offered will surely overcoat. As our stock of materials from which to choose
We buy the Cravenette doth direct from '*' Priestley ;& ": -; be appreciated. . contains everything identified with the season, the recipient
Co. (owners of the Cravenette process), make the [garments . ti.«V.,i !h«v,k nw .', ii „*■, wli ya u ' t -a- ' : ■•'i-^ . i- V ." jj . ,, . is sure to find'a pattern that pleases his fancy. We will guar-
m ouf own workshopsand; sell them direct to; the wearer at : - , ... Use ' ul lfts ' S?^ f}\ otllers ' should.be of good quality, stylish, up-to-date and desirable, m antee the material, workmanship and fit. You can be assured
a saving of middleman's profits.* We art headquarters for th« every way, to serve- their purpose properly. Our goods, we are pleased to say, are of such charac- that the garment will be perfectly satisfactory,
genuine Cravenettes and guarantee : every garment.to be wa- ter as to faithfully pirfonn this mission. ' ' *■ " V ' • The prices range from $10-00 to $35-00 for business
terproof. Prices range from $10-00 to $30-00- ;^> --■-...... ....../ suits and overcoats, and from $30-00 to $50-00 for Tuxedos
. " fSmwX^g^/% 'V '■*'• ' -Where-a sfze is not known to, the .giver, or.where.it is preferable for the recipient to choose arid Full Dress suits v ; .
%^VC*CO31XS . . the pattern, style or color of the article, our "Merchandise Order," issued for any ..amount, /will f-f^ltQ
An overcoat makes a good -gift because it is so useful P rove convenient- and : perfectly satisfactory. .
-I PU « hCrd exdla "^ aft " Christ.uasifdesiredeither.forgoodsofth, ■ |||^^^^^SS^|S
&i vcr - - ' • ' . .. .: ; ' same or a different 'character. In every instance an equivalent in value will be given in the ex- those asked by exclusive stores for the same goods. The
We have overcoats in all styles ranging in prices from change.' prices are $1.00, $130, $195, $250 and $300, and the J.
$10-00 to $40-00. ~ " ■ . - -■- ■■■'- -'r-, ::-.■ '^ .... . '■■- .- . . , B. Stetson hat, $400- We will guarantee every hat for
w^»^* w +m « . r - ....--. - ' ' *""•—- • " - ■ • - . ' ' ". . ,*^^»' «t ■ ' ' * ' 4# % ' w- mm flV - • - ** * '• *•* *
For the same good reason that overcoats are good gift?, -wav A S JSfilltfi WlflUS IS li6r©
We have ready-to-wear suits cut in the latest style, at #llk 1 wk'ffik B M mk M wh 11^1^ R^ ' M IM^i' Okl Santa ClaUS has a coz >' little house in our store
lower prices than the recipient would be led to believe when TO#lls H il Wi Wi Mi %, H M K ' and giveS Candy ffeC t0 al] children accom P anied b y adults.
Tuxedos R 00 to OO ■ B '■ wBr 'SSSr "^^ t&\ x**' w^^* '•^ ™^ %r ft ▼ •%^'j^
Full dress suits, $22-50 to $35-00- '• '' .' ' ■ '" ■ f A*-^" : .Even though the store^ is busy these days we have suffi-
Cutaway frocks, $10-00 to $30-00. • \ rK ~ . " 1 • • • ' -i V • : cient salesmen to wait on aH customers promptly. In addir
prince Albert Suits, $2o.oo to $35^: Open Evenings Until Gliristmas 740 Market St.
SINGULARLY WARM WEATHER i
IN 'NORTHERN. GERMANY
Christinas , Shoppers in Berlin Wonder
Becanse Floorers Aw; Still
Blooming: in Parljs.
BEnLIX, Dec. 17.— Christmas shop
pers stopped in the Unter den Linden
to-day to watch children chase a but
terfly, one of " several indications of
the singularly warm weather in North
ern Germany. • Some flowers are^ still
blooming in the open air In Victoria
Louise .Square and a chestnut tree on
Ht-llevue street is breaking -into bloom.
The thermometer to-day registered 54
degrees. The long continued. mildness
of the weather, according, to the trade
reriodlcnls. "is greatly injuring the
rhoe. clothing and fur trades.
fjjM^ntl O>i*L-tmas Witli the Home Folk*
Th<- f.T.rtrtmar rcasco irlil eocn be lien, fit
ycu hav« "bcm« .IoIk»V. _why._n<>t w v!«lt :bcm
"ti the reduced rate« offered ; by" the' Snuhrrn
1-acSflcT .-.It. •wlU-.Kut::r»st^.inuti»^lb male .«
i i Ip hoir» or to V i#it - Xrjradv and Chr^tm»s
> ..I lv « happirr dav-for yon. "^SsflffaMI
1ivUr-t« roM Dcceiatxr "1.23 and 26 will be
pofi<l iur icturo until D*c»ml7srV7, -while
t'.cl'ft* so:J r>«>cerob«»r 31 auil'Jatiusr.v J" will
t* good for. return until January 3, 190T.. Ark
bay &scnt r atxiut thwe luwrstea or*t city
UcXet office. CIS Market «treet » • .
TWENTY-FOUR GREEKS
KILLED BY BULGARIANS
3Jassaere of Wedding Party Last
Month Causes a Number of
* Bloody Conflicts.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec. 17.— The
massacre by Greeks of the wedding
party near Monastlr "on November 2 9,'
thirteen persons being killed Land five
receiving^ wounds, has led to a num
ber of sanguinary conflicts between
Bulgarian and Greek '.bands, culminat
ing ; Thursday last in" a stubborn bat
tle lasting five hours. A Greek band
of twenty-eight and a body of Bul
ea d ans met nea r the village of Sakar
ineyo ahd ■ the Greeks lost* twenty-four
killed. ' Many- assassinations ; of Bul
garians by Albanians have been ) re
ported !n the Uskub district. The lo-"
cal authorities have taken no action;
as, usual, : in the . matter.
Photograph : Santa: Claiis.
:Let u»~ settle ' the/'Glft Question" for
you. The : new FoldingBrownle" only, $5.00,
and. the best Canieia; ever. offered at the
price— good enough for: grown folks, sim
ple enough for little folks and a Christmas
tlelJKhtiio either. Kodaks $3.03; to J97.00A-"
KIRK. GjJAny & CO..: 112Geary,St.- •
THE SA>J - FRANCISCO CALU SUNDAY. DECEMBER; IS, indl,
NAVAL GOVERNOR OF PUA3I '
FILES IUS ANNUAL REPORT
Says ' tlio Colony. Is ': Far. From Being
] oh . a Satisfactory ' Modern
FootlnR. V
WASHINGTON, Dec. lT.-^The annual
report of Commander G. L. Dyerr com
mandant and r 1 naval-, governor of /the
island of :Guam, which' was . ; approved
by ' Secretary Morton ; to-day, /'says ' that
there remains a , vast " amount ■. of ; work
to put, the administration , of ; the j colony
on a- satisfactory : modern •footing;, The
people' are '.'poor, . ignorant, '," very dirty
in their ■ habits,' : but gentle and very
religious."
Commander Dyer does, hot think
Americans " will be willing : to ' live there
permanently.- .. ... . "-''^ '~V~ ?\.-\
: 'Commander- DyerX is : of -■ the •' opinion
that the revenues i of -the island iwiir be
sufficient Ho 'carry/ on * necessary^ public
services, ? such .• as * schools ~ and roads.
.The ? public^ schools i were f ; opened " last
June.v with •: moderate ? attendance. • The
construction 1 of a .lighthouse* on* Grote
Point , : is - recommended.V'.The ;' prices "-of
the; necessities j of • life very/' high,"
anda change in the tariff is" consildered
necessary.-. • . . • .;.. ~
. Charity. leaves enough'sins uncovered
to^prevent gossips from acquiring, lockr!
jaw. -\;" '*■' vr^SrtMHBBWBBBE?i '■'•'■■ :
Modeni Guns for British Army.
. LONDON, Dec. 17.— The War Of
fice and the' Treasury . have at last
reached an arrangement) to. provide
funds for the ' rearmament of the ar
tjllery. One hundred and thirty bat
teries of field artillery ( and thirty :■ bat
teries of horse artillery^ will be "■ sup
plied with new, pattern guns within
nine months .7 "
Ttj, is more or less difficult; for ■ some
people to ' do " their duty— thanks to the
vigilance" of the "customs officials.
RATE OF POSTAGE. :";
."■-"■;• on
■ THE . CHRISTJIAS CALLi: ■
Domestic. . . . . .'. ; .5 cents
'j Foreigm . . . . . . i :'.". .0 cents
Domestic postage includes .'all.
; points in : the United States,
Mexico,'. Hawaiian Islnnds, Phil-
ippines, >Porto llico, Cajiada and
Guam, v
Mail this sumptuous paper, to
your friends in the East and
abroad. v -' "
ORPHANS DISPLAY COURAGE
IX THE FACE OF DANGER
Inmates of Hebrew; Institution Coolly
Leave Burning Building and Then
Successfully -Fight" Flames.
NEW YORK, Dec. : 17.— Fifteen
hundred children of all ages were
aroussd . from sleep, by an alarm \of
fire in . the Hebrew? 6rphan Asylum in
Amsterdam avenue' before daylight to
day .and marched" in jsafety from the
buiiding. They performed their fire
drill- precisely; as theyj •haid; been train
ed. <- : The :teachers~and elder boys com
posing the flre brigade' then- attacked
the blaze and quickly, extinguished it.
Close Contest for Supervisor.
rj BALLARD, Dec. 1 7^-At the; special
election held' Friday throughout '■ the
Third Supervisoral District to decide
th<j ; contest /of Lamb ,vsi Glass, Glass
was elected, ' the vote being, 307 ; to .2 9 6.
The^contest-has; been >yaged carefully,
on: the question, of a county liquor
ordinance, J " and .'the 'result Indicates
that : the ordinance wilj ; stand..; Lamb
carrijed: the'Ballard precincts' ;by "a ma-
CHINESE FAMIIA* JOSS
GOES UP IN SMOKE
Lin Quong's -AVifc • Upsets Incense
• Bnriicr nndthe llousehold ,
: God Suffew.
In an ecatacy ■ of devotion Mary
Quons. the wife of Lui Quong, who
rents sleeping-rooms to Orientals at 800
Dupont street, upset a small incense
burner that reposed on the table before
the family Joss, and forsaking faith in
her family god turned and ran for life.
After she had reached the street by. de
vious ways the other tenants smelled
smoke of a different kind than usually
pervades the domicile, and the fire de
partment was summoned.
When they arrived the room was
ablaze,, but was soon quelled. One by
one the members of Lui Quong*s fam
ily, evading the hose of the firemen, re
turned ■ to ; the ! room and mentally • fig
ured the damages. The jos3 will, how
ever, be sent to the nearest Tao priest
for repairs.
Thi-ec Killed } by Explosion.
: MIXDEN,' . Hanover, Dec. 1 7.— First'
lieutenant Newmann,^ one. non-^cprhV^
missioned officer and one "other per
son were killed to-day, as the result
of experiments -with an explosive. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
100 Doses
For One Dollar
Economy in medicine must be
measured by two things— cost and
effect/ It cannpt be measured .bv
either alone. It is greatest in that
medicine that does the most , for
the money — that radically and per--'
manently cures at the least 'ex-
pense. That medicine i* i
Hood's Sarsaparilla
It purifies and enriches the blood,
cures pimples, eczema- and all erup-
tions, tired, languid feeling, Ios3 of
appetite and general debility.
.Hood's. Sarsaparilla promises to
c»i» ajad. keeps _U?e.pr9mi»©. , .. . ,ADVERTISEMENTS.
file Wonderful; Quick and Inex-
pe^siv3 Cures fay ilie
Are Permanent.
Read the proof below
"For ma:.y years I was a Kreat sufferer
from rheuraaUsm. I went to the Springs, I
took all kindi or medicine. I did everything
that I ever heard of for the cure of rheuma-
tism, but In Fplte of everything that I could do
the distal grew steadily worse, until I be-
came so bad that I could net dress myself
and could harJiy walk. In this condition I
took up the Electro-Chemic treatment, and in
a short time and at a trtRlns expense I was
thoroughly cured. This cure was accomplished
nearly three yurr ago and I have net had a
twinge of rheumatism since.
• "ISlsned) -HERMAN KOSTER.
••2125 Fourth st..
"West Berkeley, Cal."
Cppp CONSULTATION
" ■*LL EXAMINATION
All suftVrers are riven a cordial invitation to
call at the Elettro-Chemic Institute, lls Grant
•venue, fcr a thorough E!ectro-Chemic exam-
ination, fne. of charge. Electro-Chemistry is
the mott scientific and the most successful
tit-atmti.t in um> for the cure of CONSUMP-
TION. CATARRH. ASTHMA. BRONCHITIS.
nEAFXEbJi. RINGING EARS. CANCERS.
TTMOIIS. ECZEMA. BL/X>D POISON, SKIN
DISEASES, P.HEUMATISM. NEURALGIA.
LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, PARALYSIS. SPE-
CIAL DISEASES OK WOMEN— IRREGULAR-
ITIES. DISPLACEMENTS PAINFUL PERI-
OD!? WEAK BACKS. DIZZINESS. FAINTING
FPELLS. OVARIAN PAIXP. X'LCERATIONS;
SPECIAL DISEASES OK MEN— PROSTATI-
TIS. STRICTURE. VARICOCELE. NERVE
EXHAUSTION. LOSS OF STRENGTH ETC.
HOME TREATMENT— The Electro-Chemlc
i treatmeM Is the most ■occCMftal known for
fcptre application. An expensive Electro-
Chemii- ouilit is leaned free to imtients living
at h They should come for personal
<xaminati'jn or write for full instructions re-
EarJinc home examination and treatment. It
is fclv.-ayy best, however, ror the patient to
come for the personal examination tf possible.
TnE ELEGTBO-CHEMIC
INSTITUTE,
(18 Grant Ave., cor. Post St.,
*ai Francisco, Cal.
O'fc»? hOL-rs — 1> a. m. to T> p. tn. and 7 to 8
I>. nv. <!a:Iy: Sundayc. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
BepoistC aj>artni«-nus for ladies and gentle-
'ir YOU ARE LOOKING
For a good investment in a
lodjrhi^-hmi^c or a place O f
!)u>l»t'ss <;f any kind that will
pay you a good prolit. consult
tlie Itiisiness Chance and Lodg-
iiiK-IIoii^e Columns of Tlllf:
C.M.I., in which you can always
find li tr^.ii:i~ in legitimate bu>i-
ness propositions.
I 'OUR BOYS HELD FOR
BURGLARIZING STORE
Oakland Youths Mu*t Answer for En-
trring: Building and Tapping
a Cash Register.
OAKLAND, Dec. IT. — Three boys —
Manuel Luze. Tony Soares and Arthur
Fredericks — all under 14 years of age,
Were held to answer for burglary by
Police Judge George Sauiuels to-day.
The lads are accused by L. M. Stanley
of having entered his store at 529
Ninth street. Carl Bohle, another boy.
has also been held for participating
in the looting of Stanley's store.
To Paint City Hall.
OAKLAND. Dec. 17. — The Board of
Public Works has let a contract to
have the City Hall painted ivory white.
The work will begin immediately. A
contract was also let for the enlarge-
S4O,OOO,OOO
UNITED STATES OF MEXICO
FOUE PER CEXT GOLD BONDS OF 1904.
Principal and Interest Payable
In NET.' YORK in C. S. Gold Coin, at the efflce of Speyer & Co., or at
the holder's option.
In LONDON, at the rate of J4.SG per pound Sterling or
In FRANKFORT ON MAIN or Berlin, at the rate of M. 4.20 per Dollar or
In PARIS, ct the rate of Fes. 5.18 per Dollar. '
The bonds are in the denominations of $1,000.00 or 5.7)100 U. S. Gold Coin
or the equivalents in said foreign currencies, namely: £205.15.2 and £10217 7-
ilarks 4200 and Marks 2100; Fes. ulSO and Fes. 2590. They are dated Decem-
ber 1. YjjI; mature December 1, 1954, and have coupons attached June 1 and
December 1.
THE BONDS ARE TO BE ALWAYS EXEMPT BOTH AS TO PRIN-
CIPAL AND INTEREST FROM ALL MEXICAN TAXES ALREADY ES-
TABLISHED, OR THAT. MAY IN FUTURE BE ESTABLISHED BY ANY
AUTHORITY.
A semi-annual Sinking Fund provides for the gradual retirement of the
Bends i?) tlfty years. -During the first five years. Bonds are to be diawn for
redemption at par; after that tSme Bonds will be purchased in the market, if
the market price be below par, otherwise they will be drawn at par. Except
by the operation of this Sinking Fund the Bonds are not subject to compul-
sory retirement.
The proceeds of the Bonds are to be used to pay off $18,500,000.00 4 »/• per
cent Gold Treasury Notes maturing June 1. 1905, and June I. 3906. which
have been called for redemption on February 1. 1905: $15,123,000 6 per cent
Mexican Silver Subvention Bonds for the Vera Cruz & Pacific Railway and
the Mexlran Southern Railway, and certain amounts of Special Mexfcan Sil-
ver Certificates issued for the construction and exploitation of the Tehuan-
tepec Railway, and the Harbor Works at the Port of Coatzacoaleos. Salina
Cruz. Vera Cruz and Manzaniilo. By the Contract of Purchase from the
Mexican Government the balance of the proceeds is to, be used for payment
fcr the for^Boin^ rftjblic works not yet completed.
THE UNDERSIGNED. HAVING PRIVATELY SOLD ABOUT $23,000,000
of the BONDS. OFFER THE BALANCE FOR PUBLIC SUBSCRIPTION
AT P4 PER CENT AND ACCRUED INTEREST.
The subscription will be opened at the offices of the undersigned at 10
o'clock a. m. on December 19. 1904. and will be closed at 3 o'clock on ' the
same day. or earlier, the right being reserved, to reject any application and
to award a Emaller amount than applied •for. Payment for Bonds allotted
is to be made In New York funds on or before December 21, 1904. Pending the
delivery of deiinite Bonds Temporary Certificates will be issued by Speyer
& Co. i
The Subscription will be opened simultaneously:
In IA3NDON by Messrs. Speyer Brothers, - '
In AMSTERDAM by Messrs. Teixeira De Mattos Brothers, and
In SAN FRANCISCO by THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO. /
Application will be made lo list the Bonds on the New York Stock Ex-
change, and Sn Europe.- ■ - .
fipectal attention is Invited to a statement from SENIOR LIC DON JOSE
V LIMANTOUR. Secretary of State and of the Department of Finances pub-
lic credit of Mexico, copies of which may be had at the offices of :the*tinder-
sijmed. WtOB
SPEYER & CO.. T4-2C Pine Street.
HARVEY FISK & PONS. C2 Cedar Street.
The undersigned is authorized by Messrs. Speyer &. Co.. New York, to
r-.-'-'i\r FUhB'.Tipfion* 1 <"'"• t>i.- :Oxiv«- >.orrt>\ BUNMMpsBmHHMBHMMB
NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO.
San Francisco^-' Cal.; December 14,1904.'
ORDER FOR HAY EMPTIES BARNS
Unprecedented Shipment Is TImqM to Be for
the Russians In Manctiuria.
CARGOES ARE READY FOR EXPORT
A secret order for several thousand
tons of hay for export shipment has
been placed with one of the leading
feed firms of the city during the past
l*\v days, and circumstances point to
the Russian Government as the pur
chaser and the frozen fields of war in
Manchuria as the destination. The
mystery of the unprecedented emptying
of barns, the risk of the undertaking
V) elude the Japanese warships now in
absolute mastery of Oriental waters
and the possibilities of complications
with the United States Government • n
the part of the shippers because of the
flagrant contraband character of such
a cargo give an unusual interest to the
exportation.
The utmost care is being exercised to
gmard the facts of the shipment from
the public. There is fear that Unclu
Sam will step in and spoil a dealof ex
cellent profit. The secrecy and tho con
flict of explanations are themselves al
most proof positive that there is some
thing wrong. The only questions ap
pears to be whether it is the Japanese
or the Russian Government that has so
sensationally come into the marktt
w ith an order that was dumfounding -.o
the dealers.
Scott & Magner is the lucky firm. It
is only a few days ago that it began an
almost frantic endeavor to rent hay
presses and to buy feed from its rivals.
Their demands became so great that
inquiry resulted, and reports agree that
the contract is for about 8000 tons.
About 1500 or 2000 tons is to be got off,
probably on the Mongolia, before the
first of the year. The presses have been
running night and day rebaling the
hay into small, doubly-compressed
bales. There are about 100 pounds of
hay in each, and the small size makes
the bale much more convenient for ship
and army train transportation.
FIRM IS INNOCENT.
It Is not believed that Scott & Mag
ner are aware of the destination' of
the fodder. They are as innocent of
any conniving with a nation to violate
the laws of neutrality as is John Hay
himself. A. W. Scott declared yester
day that neither the Mikado nor the
Czar was on his books as a custom
er, nor did he have the slightest idea
that his feed was to reach the mouths
of the horses of the Cossacks. If a
man comes ir.to the market with cash
in hand and wants to buy hay. said
Mr. Scott, no firm would be more eager
for the order than would Scott &■ Mag
ner. He would ask no questions so
long as he got his money, and Mr.
Scttt very reasonably argued that it
would devolve on the purchaser to
evade the arm of the United States
Government, if there is any evading
Chance Friend Proves a Footpad.
John Bell. 60 years old, from the
country and unsophisticated, oblig
ingly took a drink last night with
Oscar Kerlin in a saloon on East
street. Then Bell and his new found
friend" wandered into Sacramento
street and in a doorway Kerlin struck
Bell over the head and took $2 15
from him. Policemen McGowan and
Conlan saw Kerlin leaving the door
way and caught him. Kerlin then re
maiked that if he had a Distol the
officers would have had trouble. The
money was recovered and Bel! went
to the Harbor Hospital, while Kerlin
was taken to the City Prison.
Tlie Best Fountain Peiu«.
We are selling agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pens." $2 50 up to $10 00
each, and sole agents for "The Marshall,
the best $1.00 fountain pens in the mar
ket. Sanborn. Vail & Co.
mint of the City Prison. The price
ir, $2545. The board has notified the
Chief of Police to arrest all merchants
violating the sign ordinance. Unless
his signs are approved by the board
the merchant is liable to arrest.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER IS, 190i.
"But why is there sucli an unpre
cedented rush of the hay presses and
where is this foreign shipment to go?"
Mr. Scott was asked.
"1 suess you refer to the orders of
the* United States Government for
shipments to Honolulu and the Philip
pine Islands. We are not unusually
busy. You krow there is a lot of hay
shipped from this city by the Govern
ment to its island possessions."
"But the Government is not buying
hay. at the present time, the old con
tract having: expired and the call is
out for a new award next month."
"Well, we are getting ready for any
future orders that the Government may
give us."
"Thtn you are merely preparing
yourselves for the new contract with
the United States Government by buy
ing vast quantities of feed and rebal
ing it with no prospect other than the
chance of being the successful bid
ders?" *
"Well, perhaps we shall get the con
tract."
"But you nrst said the United States
Government was buying this ' large
amount of hay, and now when you ad
mit that it is not giving any orders
at the present time, what can be the
destination of this shipment which you
are to begin ta load on the vessel Mon
day morning?" "; Iv" {';•
BEGIN LOADING TO-MORROW.
"How do yon know we are to begin
loading Monday morning? I guess you
know too much about the matter, and
I can't talk to you any further."
The bookkeeper in the office was will
ing to take an oath that there was not
a scratch of ths pen in the books about
the order "for thousands of bales." He
was urgent on this point. Should the
United States officials look into ' the
mystery of the baled hay, therefore,
nothing will be revealed by the books.
But tbe man with the pen behind his
ear made the admission inadvertently
that he helifived "some thousands of
bales were being made ready for ex
"To Manchuria?"
"Haven't the slightest idea,"
The market price for hay is about
$17. but it is thought that Scott & Mag
ner are being paid handsomely for pre
paring the shipment in such quick
time. The rival dealers are all-hold
ing their ears to the ground. Some of
them are getting short stubble out of
their sales to £. ! cott & Magner, whose
big barns are too small for the rush
crder, but they are not content. They
aro hunting for the unmown orders
that the - foreign emissary has at his
disposal. There is much scurrying
among them in the search for this in
termediary, for the feed dealers -are
convinced that he comes from a coun
tiy whrse treasury is full ot war loans
and expedition to get the hay to a
TREE AROUSED
BY PLAYWRIGHT
English Manager Objects to
lienmrk That Nearly All
Plays Are "Tomfoolery"
Fliecial Dispatch to The Call,
LONDON, Dec. 17. — Henry Arthur
Jones said, in response to a toast at
a banquet recently, that the enter
tainment at nine-tenths of the most
fashionable London theaters was rank
tomfoolery. Some of his own failures,
he said, had been due to his effort to
meet the demand for tomfoolery, but
others had been due to the lack of
properly trained actors. Thereupon
Beerbohm Tree, lecturing to the stu
dents of his Academy of Dramatic Art,
observed that "Mr. Jones admitted to
having stooped to> the public to con
quer it. Might he not have tried to
learn how to get the strength to com
mand it?" and went on to imply that
if the good Jones had written better
plays he, would have had fewer fail
ures..
Of course, this reference to failures
joggled the chip bn Jones' shoulder,
and the result was a retort that adds
to the gayety of nations. "There is a
vast dffference, my dear Tree," writes
Jones in a letter which was' evidently
sent round to the newspapers -at th-2
same time, "between complaining of
one's own personal position and com
plaining.of the position that on'e art
occupies in public esteem.
"You and I, my dear Tree, have had
too many failures and too many suc
cesses to set an extreme value • upon
the one or the other. '.
"It I have had an occasional failure,
please oredit me with a little of, the
conspicuous fortitude and philosophy
that you have so often shown on sim
ilar occasions. But, as it happens, dur
ing the past season English playgoers
have given me no opportunity for play
ing the martyr. Facts and figures are
at your service."
CRITICS ARE DISTURBED.
The revival of "The Taming of the
Shrew" by Oscar Asche and his com
pany, most of whom are graduates
from the Benson school, has given rise
to the usual amount of disturbance in
critical minds whenever a daring actor
interprets . Shakespeare for himself
instead of according to the conventions.
The different reading given to the play
by Ada Rehan and John urew has been
held up to Asche until he has evident
ly, become a little nettled and has r call-'
ed attention in an interview to the
fact that, according to Shakespeare's
own stage directions, the play: nearly
approaches rough-and-tumble farce,
and Petruchlo. instead' of being a
fine gentleman .who was playing the
part of a bully, was indeed, a : thick-
Fkinned adventurer "who 1 only wanted
to marry mor.ey, whereas \ Katherine
was more or less a cat, with a reputa-
province whose fields are devastated
b the chief consideration. Scott &
Magner are believed to have scooped
up a small-sized fortune from the
transaction. ,., , .
How.- this firm got the order baf
fies its rivals.. They have lall been thor
oughly canvassed, and it has been
learned that none of them were ap
proached with any proposal for an or
der involving thousands of. tons. The:
ordinary purchaser would drive hard
his bargain by competition and seek
bids from, several firms. But in this
instance a buyer, with identity strict
ly^cone*aled, dropped into the market,,
picked out one firm for his confidence
and his order, not caring for the ad
vantages of rivaling effort to get the"
contract.. • "'..•'.
KARMAUKS OF RUSSIAN DEAL; j
This method of selecting- a single
firm for its su pplies and thereby bet- '
ter maintaining the secrecy desired has |
characterized the Russian Govern-!
ment throughout the world during the
present war. Private business houses
act as the ostensible purchasers and
the tricks resorted to by all natlonsin
times of war have been employed to
circumvent the laws of neutrality!' The
Japanese, in their purchases in this
market and elsewhere, have been more
keen to get the lowest prices by asking
for bids from .several" firms. The hay
deal therefore bears the earmarks of a.
Russian transaction. j
"Of course it must be the Russian!
Government that is buying the hay," j
declared Japanese Consul j
"Japan raises plenty of feed herself, I
and I have heard absolutely nothing of 1
my Government's seeking, hay in this j
country. j
"The Russians might expect to land
the hay at Shanghai and ship It on the
Chinese railroad to -the vicinity, .of
Newchwang, where they might try to
get around the Japanese forces over
land by team. Itmay also be their, in
tention to get a vessel through to
Vladivostok, where the two ice-break
ers may'be able to make entry of the
port possible. , I presume the Russian
cavalry is very much in need of hay
for the winter. The crops of the
country are probably inadequate, and
of course there is no grazing whei;e
the ground is frozen."
The Consul smiled as he contem-'
plated any plan on trie part of the
Russians to send a shipful of contra
band into the seas' of -the. Fur East.
"Probably they hope to* get the fealtic
fleet there in time to convoy the ship
through the swarm of Japanese war
ships that are now hunting for-some
thlnu to do," chuckled Uyeno.
;• But the strictest blockades have been
fun, and if the mounts of the, Cossack^
are starving the chance may be worth
while of dodging the fleet of the Japs
on the broad seas.
tion for shrewishness not only in her
oivn households but throughout all
Padua. .. -. • ■ ■
George Edwardes has been so much
encouraged by^the long run of "The
Duchess of Dantzig," which he brought
out as an experiment, that he is making
arrangements for putting light opera
once more on a permanent basis in
London. When Miss Evie Greene re
turns from her American visit she will
appear. In a new opera by M. Andre
Messager, the composer of "Veronique,"
the title of which is to be "La Pompa
dour." The book will be by Mourier G.
Duval and Captain Basil Hood. M.
Victorien Sardc-u has been so much
impressed by the successful adaptation
of his Madame Sans-Gene for the
libretto of "The Duchess of Dantzig/'
that he has accepted a commission
from Mr. Edwardes to write a book for
a new opera to be produced in England,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Human hair
and how
to grow it
The liair'of the head has
always been a soure'e of
pride to both men and
women throughout all the
history and its loss
or deterioration is a source
of keen> mortification
and regret! _
From time to time
various so-called remedies
for falling hair. and the
various diseases of the
scalp have been foisted upon
the. public, and the failure
* of these to do - any perma-
iieiit good has only, added
.' disappointment to discour-
agement.
One remedy, however —
Coke Dandruff Cure —
has proved itself capable
of doing everything
claimed for it and of being
worthy of the confidence of
a _ much-abused public.
It will. remove dandruff,
it will cure diseases of the
scalp, it will put new life
into the (fid .follicles, and
. consequently will actually
grow hair on- a bald head.
An incredulous smile
may pass "over, the face
of the reader at the last
paragraph, but 'thousands
of testimonials on file in :
' our/office prove [it beyond
the shadow of a doubt, :and
your druggist, no matter :-_..V.
t where he .may, be; will tell
yoUithe same story.-
Coke Dandruff
Ask your . druggist. •
INDIGESTION FOLLOWS FEASTiNG.
a r» • "-'■•' x-V- • i. r> it- llffiHiHiil- Holiday Dinners. Olten the Begin-
sSs aC n om Me Collapse P^RSS ning ° f Stomach Catarrh >
in a letteVto tli Peruna 'Medicine Co., y \ i^uSSS^^^SjS&T^^ f^\
writes as follows: • •-■*.•. """*•'*.:'
w Jth a'very Small dose, just before meal
■■My *<a,,H sf»%»»~ u 5 "«ze. b .% SPSSS :^£SWS£SS^BSS
about a year ago, when I had a com- ach will bear it t , ons of stO mach until all traces of
W^i^m^^k SHiSiM^^ii d T^^e7^S-appetU ia n a
manylateUpeL'My stomach was t^ffte? SS^^^Sffi&ffiS
in a dreadful condilion and my nerves had SSSrlSfVluSSt Cincinnati. Ohio, writes:
all unstrung. \^. success, Peruna had cured them.
"I was advised by a friend to try Pe- . .- „. o _ . _ . _ ■>'*'/ feel it a duty to state for the
runa and eventually i bought a bottle. I Lire Had Become a Burden, Caused By benefit of those who may suffer as I
took.it. and , then another, and kept tak- Acute Indigestion. have, and who do not already know
ing it for three months. . . * about Peruna, that it is the only med-
'- "At-the' end of that time my health Mr. "William J. Berger. Moran Bros.' icine that f found to cure my indices'
was restored, my nerves nO longer trou- Sni P Yard. Seattle. Wash.. President Pro- /,-,„ audhtr-ous dehil'iv °
bled me. and I felt once more able to as- Union of Engineers, writes: lion audnerzous deoiLty.
sume my social position. ■"^^™ 1^^"™™™"^^^^" — ™
"I certainly, feel that Peruna is de- ■"■^^^™™™»" .. «" '■•
servlne of Draise " Xellie G LoomH -. </• I had lost my appetite and was run-
KS us^any^^r 1^,- S troubled for some time with --»,£- SSSSS^&iSSK
day dinners and the unusual indulgence -acute indigestion and palpitation of strels.
in them' irritates the stomach and paves ,» „ £„.../ ,,,a.v/. v;,/^r r »v..,»»^»//.. "* was at n different city almost daily,
the way" for catarrh, which soon fastens the heart, zvhich distressed me greatly | subJe ct to continued climatic changes,
itself upon. its victims. and deprived me of the joy of life. f^^^l^^^^^Sw^l
■ • all kinds of drinking water which breed
_ , ' r, ,.,,,. •" - . • ■ ■ many diseases to theatrical folks en
Catarrh of the stomach is usually route.
called dyspepsia. Many a case of dvs~ "I took pills and other medicines daily. , t
pepsia had its beginning at some holi- but fou " d , as 8OOn as l popped i was /consider Peruna a b>esstrg to
day feast or Christmas dinner. advlsed^o use Peruna. I soon Overworked, nervous and deiicato
» ' found that it wrought a wonderful humanity. / thank you again and
■- , • change in my entire system. It cleared . , J - * , *./, » » • .
Those who have been acquainted with up the sluggish channels of my digestive again for the benefit I hav 3 derived
the value of Peruna in such cases often organs and assisted nature in relieving thmnnnh umm y-nnrfarf,,/ rommitu "
escape the evil consequences of these UsTelf of the waste. It restored my through your wonderful remedy. —
feasts. - i . .'■ ' • strength. Increased my appetite and Carroll Puimon.
At the beginning of the first symptom gradually restored me to perfect health.
of catarrh of the stomach or dyspepsia, "I certainly have good reason to be Address Dr. S. E. Hartman. President
Peruna should be taken. grateful, and heartily endorse Peruna." — of The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus,
Sometimes it is necessary to begin I William G. Berger. , Ohio, for free medical advice.
Jisk Your Druggist for Free Pe*ru*na Almanac for 19O5.
and 'Dr. Hugcr Felix will be the com
poser. T / ft
GERMAN* ACTORS STRIKE.
"■■'No little surprise has been occasioned
by the announcement of the withdrawal
of Herr Arthur Schnitzler's new play,
the "House of Delorme," before the
first performance of it had been given
at the Little Theater in Berlin. Before
the rehearsals were at an end the com
pany struck and refused to perform the
parts assigned lo them in the drama.
They did this on the ground that it was
immoral. Actors and actresses as a
class are not popularly credited with
being more squeamish than the theater
going public on this but in this
particular instance it was their own
profession that was discredited. The
principal incidents of the piece take
place in the house of a famous opera
singer, who under the eyes of her
mother carries on half a dozen in
trigues simultaneously. On the ground
that vice wears such a hideous mien
that it needs only to be seen to be
hated the author declared it a highly
moral play. But the company didn't
see.it 'hat way.
The recent matinee performance for
the benefit of Mrs. Edmund Phelps has
called public attention to the melan
choly fate of that once popular actress,
who at C7, after fifty years of hard and
conscientious work on the stage, found
herself reduced to actual want. She
made her debut at Portsmouth and
ei^ht years later obtained her first
London engagement under the man
agement! of her famous father-in-law,
Samuel Phelps. No breath of scandal
was ever raised against her. She
played her part well both in public and
private life, and it was to pay a trib
ute to an honorable no less than tp a
distinguished career that several of
the most distinguished members of her
profession rallied to her support. It is
pleasant to Toe able to record that the
benefit procured, her a substantial sum.
T1IIX .LAUGH MAKER.;
. "Laugh and grow fat." says the old
adage, but apparently it does not fol
low that making others laugh leads to
fatness in the laughee. James Welch,
whose mirth-provoking powers ' liave
Jed to his engagement in the Drury
Lane pantomime for the leading role
originally ( intended for the late Dan
Leno, the "King of the Jesters," is the
thinnest actor on the English stage —
thinner even than Dan Leno was. He
could play the part of a famishing beg
gar without; any make-up. In "Rose
mary", at the Criterion, in which
Welch appeared as the old "postboy,"
he seemed in his skiYi-tf ght buckskins
such a pitiable object that a kindly old
country woman in the pit. hopelessly
ignorant on the subject of London the
atrical salaries, announced to her com
panion'ln a loud voice that she intend
ed to procure a job for the "poor,
starved wretch" in a traveling country
show" with which' a. relative of hers
was connected.. She explained that on
the ., salary, of >3 12 a weel: which he
would there receive he would be able
to get enough to eat.
Carnation Club to. Give Dance.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.—The Carna
tion Club, an . organization of young
people of Oakland, will give a ball on
Wednesday evening at , Maple Hall.
The affair * is ; strictly invitational o and
o good time is assured to all who attend.
The 'members; of -.the committee in
charge of .the! affair are: , J.' S. McCown,
L: C. Drapeau, C. C- Runner, Louis
Sutler, * James -Pow, -»B.VrEt. .; Bonnell,
Frank Joseph, George Shortt, D. . H.
Bonnell and' James Ewing.
Board; Grants Certificates.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— The County
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Board of Education to-day recom
mended R. M. Mclntyre, M. V. Board
man, Dorothy Hufschmidt and Carrie
C. Ford to the State board of State
documents and granted the following
certificates; High school — Dora L.
Martin; grammar grade — Blanche
Galne, Sara L. Peete. Itenee Scanlon,
Ntah Gulick, Grace Lyon; permanent
high school — L. E. Johnson. L. Bied
enbach; permanent grammar grade —
M. 'C Donnelly; special in sten
ograpy — Mrs. Katherine G. Lockwood.
A D VERTIS ESI K\TS.
Suggestions for
Christmas Gifts
Mission Pottery. $ 6.00 to $ 30.00
Mission Lamps $25.00 to $ 40.00
Footstools $ 1.25 to $ 20.00
Dinner Chimes $15.00 to $ 60.00
Book Racks $10.00 to $ 25.00
O'clock Teas $15.00 to $ 25.00
Book Cases $ 8.00 to $150.00
Ccstumers $ 1-25 to $ 40.00
China Cabinets $25.00 to $150.00
Curio Cabinets $40.00 to $145.00
Work Tables. $10.00 to $ 40.00
Ladies' Desks $ 8.00 to $150.00
Chevaf Mirrors. $40.00 to $100.00
Rocking Chairs $ 5.00 to $ 75.00
Easy Chairs $20.00 to $150.00
Verni Martin Cabinets .$75.00 to $250.00
Toilet Tables $14.00 to $100.00
Hall Clocks $20.00 to $800.00
Tea Tablbs v. : u ;. . .; $ 6.00 to $ 50.00
Music Cabinets $10.00 to $150.00
Auto- Valets $60.00 to $250.00
Cellarettes ..:$i8.oo to $ 75.00
Morris Chairs. .$12.00 to $ 50.00
Shaving Stands .$12.50 to $ 50.00
Triple Toilet Mirrors $ 4.00 to $ 20.00
Buffets ... ■ - 1 $10.00 to $ijo.oo
Tabourets $ 1.25 to $ 15.00
Dining Tables. .$15.00 to $250.00
and innumerable other attractive pieces, all
* very reasonably priced.
Silk Comforters ...:...$ 8.75 to $ 26.00
Sofa Pillows $ .75 to $ 5.00
Panel Screens. $ 5-50 to $ 60.00
Oriental Rugs priced very reasonably—
some as cheap as domest»ics. *
* Open Evenings.
SLOANE'S
M^2Po^St
Dions Revolver and Is Shot.
SPOKANE, 17.— Former Chief
of Police M. Woydt was accidentally
shot this afternoon, the bullet passing
through his body about three Inches
above the heart. His revolver fell
from its holster and striking on the
hammer was discharged. He ha3 a
slight chance of recovery.
You can't always judge a man's bank
account by thc> artistic decorations on
the front of his office safe.
4748
Has Santa Claus H)t you going on th^mqiicy question?
||||a Just rcfcr hjfj! t 0 us# a :dpH^^^>^^^S^^twIli^^^
\ the prettiest Dressing Table you ever saw, and every girl in the house will be
happy. Every man in the house can use a Morris Chair; and the whole
g||||§|§ family will enjoy a pretty Rocker or atiew Divan or Couch or Parlor Set A
■ dollar or two will do. Don't worry. : : : : : : : : :
n 1 Writing I weRemam 1 1 Parlor
Desk °P en Evewn SS Cabinets PlTTl
~^*\ Until Christmas. Of mahoganized birch, |y/#=©
Of weathered or gold. ' 58 in. high, 28 in. wide, WLlJL^jL
en oak, curly birch, ; with French beveled f)j|^*Sp
mahogany or Mission v " I^&&^^M^ mirror, bric-a-brac 8J3 I
f^^^^^S ) \~H Reception
either golden oak I^^^^^S^^^l <&A ft^ Crhair
quartered ; or ma- 8 |^^^ | ' 3 **** This dainty reception 1
hoganized birch, I r | B For this Morris chair of solid oak, fTTl chair in gold metallic,
French plate mirror ' j | finely grained, reversible vdour covered in pretty silks
tfA OC I : ~'Y< cushions of only the best grade* *- *" - : . - O*\-
Vr^Pr ; _J An appreciative Xmas gift. JL IL ,< '. . -■ <pH!t7J '
Sale I J Rugs, Comforts and Bed Sets
$1.50 RUGS— Your choice of 27x54 Wilton or 30x60 DOWN COMFORTS— Size 72x72 inches, filled with best
Smyrna rugs in beautiful Oriental and d* | (%(% grade down, covered. with pretty figured tf* A CT/\
floral designs, while they last .... <J> I •vFV/ sateen, regular $7.50 values
AXMINSTERS — We are showing a complete line of Ax- BED SETS of novelty French net neatly trimmed with
minster rugs in all sizes, from single door up to 9x12 Battenberg lace and insertion, pretty center <J* C Q t£
feet. Suitable for parlor, library or bedroom. . / pieces with corners to match, $7.50- values H* *}•*'*}
PLAN PASTIMES
FOR YULETIDE
■ Oakland OJT.ce San Francisco Call.
1010 Broadway, Dec. 17.
The churches of Oakland and many
charitable and fraternal organizations
have planned many entertainments for
'the holiday season. Th» coming Christ
mas ' will be a. busy one. Impressive
'."hristnas services have been arranged
in many of the churches, among the
most Important of which will be the
tirging of Handel's famous oratorio,
"The Messiah." at the First Congre
gational Church on Christmas evening.
The oratorio will be rendered by a
choir of .yojees, ..This will be
the first time that the famous oratorio
has been given In Oakland since it was
tunp at the dedication of the great or
gan of the First Congregational Church
nearly two years ago. As the singing
oi "Th» Messiah*.' consumes much more
. time thsp the -usual' evening church
Kfrvk-f. Jhp doors of the church will
b.' opcr.ed at f^TO o'clock and ' the ser
vice wiM be^in ct 7 o'clock.,.
The Cnristiai! Endeavor Society of
the <;erteftnial ' I»resbyterian Church
v ill hold a sale of fancy articles in the
I>arlors of the church on Thursday and
r -rriday ■ rv^ningrs. December 22 and 2i.
APVEllTISEMEXTg.
Selected I-rorfi/Thousands of Trtlcs in Stock at the llowcst Prices
Quoted Anywhere.'
: These Regular $1.50 Books $1.08:
Blac* Friday ...' ....l ; rcd. I. If.liani
God's Good Man ......Marie Corelli
In the Bisliop'c Carriajje .- Miriam Michelson
Jewel's Story Book Clara Louise Burnham
Letters of a Self- Made. Mer-chant. to .His .Son.:.;
;.......... George Horace Lorimer
Law. of the Land -.... .'."..'... Emerson Hough
Sir Mortimer '. M ary jbhnstoh
Old Gonfiron Graham .....George Jloracc Lorimer
The Prodigal. Son ; '. . .Hall Caine
The Sea Wolf. . .'. . .'. . . . .-.; ; ;./.•. : ; ;.-.-;;. , . . . . . Jack London
The "Under Current :...."... .;...- Robert Grant
The Yb-r.li-of. AViisIjin«on .- -..Dr.:S. Weir Mitchell
The Madigans :.....-....•...... .Miriam Michelson
The Masqueradcfs Katherine Thurston
? w°fr Ct ° r v ......:- -Ralph Connor
T-vo WUdcxness Voyacers,, ..Franklin Calkins
The Lure o Gold... .-..Bailey Millard
jraitorand-Loyahsts.... ' Henry K. Webster
Virgilius •.;/:...: . . .. T... • Ir v in Bacheller
Whos^vcrShall^Ofrend..^.....::.;:::;::::;:^- Marion Crawford
ZddaDameron , v ;. . . .....r,... .::..:........ ...Meredith Nicholson
We Have In Stock and Can Supply Nearly Every Good Book
You can always count on Lowest Price.' as' we make a discount
of 20 per cent off Publisher's Price, except on net books.
"THE ,NB$£ BOOK STORE "
L. H.CARY, Manager
2^ GRANT AVB., SAN FRANCISCO
OPEN'tEVENINGS; DURING DECEMBER.
AJyVERTJSEMESTS.
The committees in charge .of the. vari
ous brfbths are: " ' ' "%i
Canrty booth — Miss Nettie Camp, Miss
Agnes Petit. Miss LucyMinsworth,
Miss Dora /Williams- and Miss Minnie
Petit.
Fancy work and doll booth — Miss
Dorothy Ains worth, Miss Helene An
derson. Mis? Kdna Lytle, Miss Evelyn
McGrew and Miss Fowler.
Japanese booth— Miss Pera Petit,
Miss Sadie Mathieu and Miss Clara
Berring»r.
Icecream booth— Miss Lottie Wil
liams, Miss Florence Gordon and Miss
Laura Scott.'
Art booth — Miss Alice Cornwall. Miss
Grace EHfs, Miss Ina Robinson, Miss
Cecil Childs a.nd Mi^s Mary Mills.
The ynung people of the Eighth-ave
nue M. E. Sunday-school will give a
Christmas extravaganza at the annual
festival, which will be held in Wash
ington I T all on Thursday evening, De
cember 22.
The Christmas (-ntertainment . and
tree of the East Oakland Free Kinder
garten will be held at the rooms of
the kindergarten on Thursday after
noon, December 22.
The graduating exercises of the Oak
land Polytechnic High School will be
held at the common school assembly
hall on Wednesday evening, December
Zk, and, on the following evening th«
graduating class of the Oakland Hiph
School will celebrate the close of the
days of fefudy at the same place..
Oakland Lodge No. 171, Benevolent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*, SUNDAY, DECEMBERvl8, .1904.
Protective ■ Order of Elks, will dis
tribute Christmas dinners to poor, and
needy families of Oakland and near-by
towns.
The Ladies 1 Relief Society of Oakland
will give a dinner for the poor pn
Christmas day, and they have request
ed donations from the public to help
them in the work.
The Salvation Army and the Volun
teors of America will give their usual
Christmas dinner to the poor of the
city.
A social will be given at the Reliance
Athletic Club on Tuesday evening, De
cember 20. Rtu&lc will be furnished by
the Reliance Orchestra 1 under the direc
tion of Professor Albert Moss.
The ladies of the Christian church
will hold a Christmas bazaar at 541
Fourteenth street on Friday and Sat
urday. December 23 and 24. All kinds
of useful and fancy articles will be of
fered for sale.
The Prosbyterian church of San Le
andro will hold a special Christmas
praise service on Sunday evening, De
cember 25. On Friday evening, Decem
ber 2Z. the Sunday-school of the church
will have a Christmas tree 1 and enter
tainment in the parlors of the church.
PERSONAL.
George Beebo and wife of Mexico
are at the Palace. '
Rev. W. P. Ferguson of Redlands is
at the Occidental.
H. C. do Wolf and wife iof .Stockton
are at the Grand: ' f n> '-"
Attorney' W. E. Crothers of San
Jose is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. and Jars. Charles. O. Morgan of
Indianapolis. are registered at the Oc
cidental.
Captain -and Mrs.. R. B. Palmer of
Newgate. England, arrived at the St.
Francis yesterday.
W. H. Coolidge and E. A. dark of
Boston were among yesterday's arriv
als, at tho St. Francis.
• Fred Kinj?, one of Shasta County's
prominent mine owners, is down from
Redding and staying at the Grand.
A. D. Schindler, general manager
for the Huntington electric lines in
Los Angeles, arrived from the '.south
yesterday and is staying at the" Pal
ace.
Cnptain Peyton ,C. March. U. .S. A.,
who has just returned from the Ori
ent, registered at department head
quarters yesterday. He is on.hi3 way
to Washington.
J. Rqs? Clark, vice president of the
San Pedro road, 'who has been a. guest
s.t the : Palace Hotel for several <layB r
received a "dispatch from Los Angeles
at an early hour yesterday morning
announcing: the death of his mother
in that city, and he departed with his
wife for the south on last evening's
train.
Don't •'Worry
About what to- give for a present. All
the departments "bustle" < with good
things— stationery, leather goods, picture
frames, toilet cases and novelties ot
every description. San born, Vail & Co .
741. Market street. , ■ .. •
Ostrom Is Arrested.
W. Ostrom, accused of persecuting
Miss May Foulkes with his attentions,
was arrested last night on a warrant
"He was taken : to ; the Central Emer
gency. Hospital, where, he will be held
pending examination ~ of hig mental
condition. Ostrom saw the young
woman while he was doing some work
at her home. She says that : he" has
sent her letters' declaring that' .he
loved her and mingling "maudlin gush
with threats. ' .lAHBMHH&fiRi
EXPOUNDS THE .THEORY- '
'OF CHRISTIAN
Bickncll Young Chicago* Interests
' . a Large Audience at ' the - -
AUiambra Theater.;*. ,--,1? *j
The Alhambra Theater was crowded
to the limit of the law last evening by
an audience anxious to hear the theory
of . Christian Science expounded, by
BIcknell Young of Chicago! one of the
many lecturers now touring the land
on behalf of the sect, if such it may be
called. The lecture was under the aus
pices of the First Church of Christ. Sci
entist, and though Mr. Young did not
prove an orator, his straightforward
manner of delivery 'held attention
throughout. Mr. Young was introduced
by Dr. Eleanor Le Blond, first reader
of the First Church. In part he said:
' "Christian Science may be denned as
the science of all that relates to God,
and Is science not only in relation to
healing, but as corrective in relation to
all problems of existence. Accepted
theories of religion and science have
scoffed at' the association of these
words, but reason and logic show con
clusively that science must relate to
truth, and therefore to God, since God
is the cause and basis of all that is
true.
• "Christian Science does not proclaim
a new God or a new law, but comes
declaring the same God and the same
law that Jesus declared, the one infi
nite eternal- God, who is good, and his
good and unchangeable law. Christian
Science declares the; omnipotence, om
niscience and omnipresence of ; God, as
do all other denominations, and upon
that basis shows that .evil, has no
power, knowledge or presence; in other
words, {hat It is unreal." '.'
"Christian Science never ascribes evil
to God or makes him in any way re
sponsible for it, but' shows j that evil
originates in a belief, of material exist
ence entirely apart from God, and'un
supported by science or truth. Of all
people, Christian Scientists ' believe
most absolutely In Christ. T^hey accept
the teachings of Christ Jesus without
reservation. They declare that his
command to heal the sick is as binding
as that to preach the gospel, and that
there Is no evidence that it was intend
ed for his time only. It 'was ''scientific
religion that healed the sick rh the time:
of Jesus and his disciples, and it does
the same work now, and must always
do it, since his life and work were an
example for all time, and his method
was a universal and imperishable her
itage of man."
WILL TRAVEL j SOUTH
IXT1LKIK AUTOMOBILES
F. S. and E.', T. Stlmson and Several
Friends Off on a Trip to
Los "Angeles.
F. S. Stlmson of and his
brother, E. T.Stimson of Los Angeles,
and a party of friends will leave here"
this morning in two .automobiles for
Los A.ngeles. F. S.Stimsbn will be ac
companied by Paui.Cowles, Dr. Law
ton, James Pringleand a mechanic, and
will make the trip in a new thirty
horsepower machine. E. T. Stimsoh's
party will Include a' mechanic and J.
Ross Smith and Harold: Btimson.' "their
automobile- is of' twenty-four horse
power. . •
party proposes to ' go ' south, by
.way : of. the^creek route, .stopping over
at Paso^Robles . and Santa
Barbara.' v-They count upon .reaching
Los Angeles about : noon next Wednes
day. .'The' machines .are well' provided
with good things arid the travelers look
forward to an 'enjoyable" trip.""'.
MRS. CHADWICK
ENTERS A PLEA
"Not Guilty" Is the Worn
an?s Eespoiise to Each Ac
-cusation Against Her
NO BEQUEST FOE BAIL
"Frenzied Financier" Is Con
tent to : Remain in Prison
for the Time Being
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. -17. — Sirs.
Chadwlck was arraigned before Judge
Wing of the United States District
Court this • afternoon, .pleaded not
guilty to every charge brought against
her, declined to give bail and was re
manded to Jail to await trial. ' Presi
dent Beckwith and Cashier Spear of
the Citizens' National Bank of Ober
lin, Ohio, were arraigned at the same
time and were allowed to depart after
giving bonds, each for the amount of
$25,000, an increase of $15,000 over
the value of the bond they had pre
viously given.
Few persons were : about the jail
when Mrs. Chadwick ■ entered the car
riage Uo be "taken to. the -courtroom.
She walked feebly and was supported
at every step.";- • ■'-; '
As soon. as Mrs. Chadwick had taken
her- seat District . Attorney > Sullivan
called the other, two^ defendants' to the
front of the -courtroom.' 'He then
stated to the court the ♦ nature of the
ca$e against the three defendants.
Dawley, rising, said:
"Your Honor, we plead not guilty to
all of the charges."
BANKERS ENTER PLEA.
There was a pause and nobody
spoke either for Beckwith or Spear.
"I understand that Mrs. Chadwick
pleads not guilty," said Judge' Wing,
"but is that the plea of the 'other de
fendants ?"
Beck and Spear hastily exclaimed:
"We plead not guilty."
"I would like to have your Honor fix
the amount of bail to be given by the
defendants," said District Attorney
Sullivan.
"Your Honor," said Dawley, "in en
tering a plea of not guilty, I should
like the privilege of withdrawing it
if we should at a later time deem it
advisable to do so. , I have had no op
portunity as yet,to examine this case
and really know very little about it. I
would ask that the court does not fix
the bonds until later. We are making
no application for bail."
"You appear for Mrs. Chadwick
alone?" asked the Judge.
"Yes, sir."
"She is now in custody, is she not?"
"Yes, sir."
"In cases where a prisoner is in
gustody and bail is to-be given," said
the court,' "the. initial moves must
come from the person so held. 'If that
person does not ask for liberty and
prefers to remain in custody there is
no need of fixing any amount of bail."
I, understand .-.that Mrs. Chadwick d;oes
riot wish to give bail and she can re
main in custody."
"That is perfectly satisfactory to the
Government." -said -District Attorney
Sullivan, and the case, so far as Mrs.
Chadwick is concerned, .was ended.
MRS. CHADWICK MYSTIFIED.
It had previously • been arranged
with District Attorney Sullivan that
Beckwith and Sr>ear, who were al
ready under bonds of • $10, 000, 'should
give , an. additional bond of $15,000
each. The bonds were approved and
court *at once adjourned.
The nature of the proceedings was
g Says of the m
lM "THE STANDARD PIANO PLAYER OF THE WORLD." M
mm'., "It is astonishing to see this little device at work executing f*M
«S the masterpieces of pianororto literature with a dexterity, cle;ir- PJ
ifl ness and velocity which no player, however- great, can approach. fSl
22} "Every one who wishes to hear absolutely faultless, free from h-"1i
|«a any kind of nervousness, piano playing should buy a Pianola. It r%l
e$& Padcrewski's interpretations have been recorded, so that
Jill any person, although unskilled in music, can, by the aid of K;
the Metrostyle, play the pieces exactly as he plays them.
The Metrostyle device has been incorporated in all Pianolas, ||S
l|g and the Pianola is the qnly piano player which has it. kV
|>S . The Pianola; is ' sold at the same price as other players. We
We have ready for mailing a beautifully printed book K"*
telling about the Pianola, what it is, and what it will do. r?}
BH Your request and we'll mail one to you, free. t?C
M KOHI^E'Iv (Mb CHAS£ 1
Wi (The Largest Music House on the • Coast.) m
M Cor. Post* and Kearny Sts. |
CARNEGIE
LIBRARY FOR
SAN RAFAEL
Philanthropist Will
Give Bay Town
. $25,000.
E3€clal rnsratch to The Can.
T NEW YORK. Dec. 17. — Through
the good offices of Judge William W.
Morrow of the United States Circuit
Court San Rafael Is to have a new
free 'library building at the hands of
Andrew 5 Carnegie. The amount to be
donated by the multi-millionaire is
$25,000. This is about twice the
amountithat Carnegie has donated to
towns the . size of San Rafael. He
makes his gifts according to popula
tion, and San Rafael, as compared
with other towns of that size, would
ordinarily, get only $1^2,500 from the
benevolent Scotchman, but through
Judge Morrow's influence tw,ice that
amount will be given the bay town.
Judge Morrow, as is well' known. Is
a member of the board of trustees
of the Carnegie Scientific Institute to
be erected in Washington, and he has
been in New York, where he met Car
negie at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel at
luncheon.
The board meets in Washington on
Monday and Judge -Morrow wanted to
confer with Carnegie before the meet
ing takes place. After having dis
cussed this matter Judge Morrow took
occasion to compliment Carnegie on
his generosity in providing libraries
for many cities and towns and re
marked casually that San Rafael. CaL,
had not^-et thus been honored.
"How big Is San Rafael?" asked the
Scotchman.
Judge Morrow> informed him.
"Then I will give $12,500," said Car
negie. v: *' : i
"Remember that I live there." sug
gested Judse Morrow.
"I shall not let that fact stand to
the prejudice of San Rafael." said
Carnegie, "and so I will make It $23,
000 out of pure sympathy for San
Rafael people."
Burning Wood and Leather
With our new pyrography machines is an
artistic pleasure that any one can enjoy
with little expense. Colored skins of all
kinds and wooden articles for burning.
as well as designs to work from. San
born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
a puzzle to Mrs. Chadwick. The af
fair had been so hastily arranged that
she had no previous knowledge of it
and had no. idea of what It meant.
When the JudgV ; left the bench she'
re£uriled to Dawley and asked: i
"What does it. mean? Why was I
brought here?" ,
. . "It was just a formality," replied
Dawley, "and fixes for the time being
your standing before the court. There
is nothing in it. that affects the issue
of the trial one way or the other."
This was. an evident relief to' Mrs.
Chadwick.
On reachlns the jail Mrs. Chadwick
was perceptibly weaker than when she
had started for the court. She hesi
tated at almost every step and sev
eral times seemed to be on the verge
of* collapse.
Many a man who thinks he Is smart
outwits himself in trying to outwit
others.
ADVKRTISEJ1ENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\V1L4T DO YOC r C^UIE? „ j
YOU'VE GOT YOUR HEALTH
Great Natures Do Not. Despair at IMa.
: a ppolntment— Tl|cy Look for * :
EI3C to Do.
The broad-gauged man of to-day
does not get blue Just because thtnjs
don't always come his way unless there
i=i something the matter with him. i It
he - '"falls down" on one proposition
he immediately starts to look up an-
other. He always look3 forward and
keeps on hustling. A man with hi3
health and faculties has plenty of op-
portunities and the man who'glvesup
or even feels like it has either-a. small
nature or some physkral-Tv^akilesa. .
Dyspepsia certainly 'puts Jthe Uest.of
men out of condition for- work-' of any
kind. You cannot blame",the dyspeptic
for getting blue. The veryv nature of.
hb; disease is most depressing: and cal-
culated to deprive him. of .ambition,
energy and hope. There iS;hopa for
hirri," however, certain and sure.'
Stuart's Dy3pepsia- Tablets are rec-
ognized throughout the length and
breadth of the lar.d as the one cure
j that's safe and sure. Their unbounded
j popularity — resulting from the thou-
! sands and thousands of curea they
} have effected — prove beyond the
shadow of a doubt the£r greatnera aa
a cure. Wherein lies their greatness?
In the very fact that they are Nature's
j own simple remedy. They do the
exact work in exactly the same way
that the digestive fluid3 of the utosiach
do because they are composed of ex-
actly the same elements and possess
the same properties. They relieve th-»
weak and worn-out stomach at la bur-
den of digestion and permit It with-
out let or hindrance to rest &r.& grrov/
sound and well. The stomach wtn get
well quick enough in la owr. natural
■way if it la let alone. That la what
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets- do. They
not only let It alone -themselves, but
rcake the food takes tzza the storsach
I do the same.
You can satisfy yot^seir fit t:-.« truth
* of this statement by puttlr.sr the fciod
you would eat Into a glass Jar with
] sufficient water and one o£ Sccart's
Dyspesia Tablets. The pracaaa of di-
gestion will be taken up and car-led
out just as the gastric fatcrifand otfae-
digestive fluids would do it.' Their ac-
tion is natural and they cause no fiti-
, turbance in the digestive organs. In
fact, you forget you have a stomach
when they begin to do their .work, so
mild and natural is the operatian.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for sal a
by all druggists at 50c a box.
JO -O
3. PORCHER
1109 MARKET ST. £
: Oil Fellows' Bldz-.. Piions Sontli 393.
Tha "Latest Blocks and tie Ttowtst
Prices at all time*. .-;
1^ , , „ If
Large Machines for Sale at Small
Prices. .- •.,*
WINTONS and TOLEDOS
AUTO LIVERY GO.
Automobile Experts
SALES, HIRE and REPAIRS
Phones South 1152 and South 66
1185 MARKET STREET
• All Stvlss. Guaranteed.
Ton Snow! "Where the dells swtaar La
the window. ■ , - •- •■
1051 Market St. j
piTEBT ETE2TINOS. ■ I
' fX) Perfect Fitting '(jt^ *
rcS Eyeglasses fi?
j At Moderate Cost j|
V 642 4tARKE.TSX
'^^vEvery Woman
i^i CW>* wVwL "a teUrested itn.l should know
Wwfev,9 MARVEL WhirGng 'Spray
vV-VyV>S^yS»^g9jw honour Jittrfum. lttut— 8at-
—^tt-MoK Convenient.
i«* JoardnuyMfcrU. \. AW
ssKsacaasS wk|C
other. bnis*nd*uinp for r % 'r^i^KZ
ilnijtrikteabocSc-MaU*. It frit rs \\ / ''■'■:7rJr
full particulars and (I tmt'on* In. X'- # .»
raluablr to tvtites Jl.tUVHLCa.Tj' if
« 1 Park Uo vr , Sew » ork.
J. 5 .7,,? ew Moatsotnery. Eaa Franctaco. CaL
twiuam Hatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Suttar.
Union Drug Ca. 400 Sutter and 10O Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy :.".~.':. .V.. . • . 11!) Elli«
RT3TTC XI T C F 01 * BAREERS. BAK-
JJlj. M UllEiU •". bcotblacks. batH-
houses, billiard tafcte*.
trewers. bookbinders, candy -makers, canae.-s.
dyers, flour mi!l» tnundrtes. laundries, paper-
hangers, printers', painters. «toe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners. UlKsrs. *tc
BITCH AITAIT *^3lO3..
Brnah *agaanX»ctarer«. 609 Sacramento St.
WesMy Ci $1.00 isrYearPRAGCRS
Myriads of Beautiful Toys 41% , fJSSL.' Silverware for v Your Toilet j
f ■. . >f (Main Floor) Gillette Safety Razor, \ JZ& Kg| ... • / •- •• I • ' . (Main Floor) «
vo:v!crfv.i\oy di^av!^^^^^ •»? '^S "S A^^Sfevi^ tf^ S^i^L rx . , A throu S h °. ur excellent jewelrv and silver stock will |
splendid toy novelties that can be bought in our store at little money. *3.i>o (^M* — fl 1$$ 1^ §[ WP^ }ffl •83HB Decorations, do more to assist you in selecting your holiday gifts than a g
fiER£&g337 En Ci el B d ed B^foTnch C es CI ]n ni d z C e C l S |^pHJ^ JM jL (jkM> 1^ J^ J^ Pyrography and • Page of description. You must see 'our specials to appreciate |
&*&>■&•*&/ ■ - lias a wc]] mac ' c w5rc mat " Henckel'B Razors' mrul* ! / " "^ /^3^^ . i I Frame «.„.>..., p.. ' . . '^S^A - H
iy^SkfJ tress and has been re- 5C p in Germany; every I §| A IXV/CVv^RFiYaRI K • o Manicure Set — Consisting of ei K ht different - f A^) |j
Vfc^Jv£*H duccd from 6-c to WC one guaranteed; v.- V §! $ ALHAia JKt/L/lAi>|jIv Suggestions piece?, patterned in thc prettiest of designs; C?1f A %%$ H
WB^~^ Sp^ii! WMARKETmelONESSZS. ' aSft^g£&$££ $4.25 / J» flffm-
( t£^^P^-^^^TO^ sheep; size iix9 inches; to »"'«»« •' (Thlrd Floor) I Comb and Brush Set-Made of Sterling silver, in Wl fW
ir^^S^^&^S^r iP^n reduced from 40c to tnJw — ! a number of different designs, in either French \ \ J./ W
U-^^^^^^b^ A Real Kestaer DoU-This is a \Ve are serving There Will Be "Snmethillfir" at Praqers Xmas Cards, j Rrav or a bright finish SI? 0^ \\ WiV
l^ 30-inch Doll like the illustration; dinner as will as * v,vaiavvua/a^ - New Year ••:••••. 1 P'-»/ J . \\| \Mf
fells always for $6. so; 75 lunch in our ITiramr Mnrnil\OT ThlC Wppk r a l c nHnr 5 anH Cloth Brushes— That have a heavy sterling silver / V <P» ;
special 7. 4»^. ■ p a j? p l^Very IVlOrniaig I ills VV ecll Calendars and back and very fine French bristles; the designs > »
Tool Chest— They come in different sizes, and made of rZP;^ } VralC . I . >om 8 . 3O j,,,^! noo n- thereafter until the closing hour the usual shop- Diaries. on the back are very unique vand Cfc 7C ffijl
Rood hardwood; there are all sorts of toys that cr.n f i^2iA (Kourth Floor) - , pinjj nuJucenicnts will be given. I At sm"ll Dfices Pretty 4>*i.fi? JiVl
up to $5.00 JSP [ c ,,i?S ™v. . (store op-^i^^T^i^bristmas) W
Doll High Chairs — They arc 16 inches hiffh, painted v-S^cP'^r'V = — ■ of patterns * 4^1. 1U I
"cciai^'run's-^k'" 1 goM: W^WM 25c 'MW0 I Articles for SmoKers ;' Slippers Certain to Please |s hhs-a W s $§} &&$&*$& of /V\K
Hvt^W fiffiMCetoAiS encciallv- 25C "*"'' ' ' 1 ! to the " ial " cnlrai " :e - One of the most appreciated of\Chnstmas.gif Is hatpin. They vary from 35c to .... $O.UU '•/ v 7^ A
China' Clos«-Tncy have m drivers and art finished \J±-J ~~^ _/J is slippers. We have them for Men, Women ToaetSet-Consistingofacomb. abrmh
iu« the thing. Rein- Ct/.Q modeled on the lines of onr ereat *%$%£& \^^>lSM%r it Wt\ three different ,l,ade S -w n ck. -' o0 - Our pnce "520 00
oE f :Sa: p Il : $ si? cup dcfendcrs; itu . - ■"-" wmJm>^? lm\ i:zv:l?z^£^ <mm^£/ ™'&^&-«\*!z*z
-V n ""He VUl, P«nH •»-.'«»• ovcr aI1 and made of >tce!: rcc " Tine Meerschaum Pipes— With I V?|i*JS? % the vamp, and the toes are ln flu ,-.■ ■■ j .i.,.j.g^ brush and a mirror and cloth brti*h; very
£ ♦ \im •'»-„. \ y - ' J"« ' r - ,. . -, t -.- |\V r <^^# t a straight- stem: these Pipes Ife^?^.- ' Hie newest shapes: 'the soles - . heavilv plated and in French C*11 CA
S&n M^rgirch^: 25c u '"' y 3jC ' special * -;; 25c i«^^~ «?"' s flsfsrsstss ■ $1 GO .-jrl-f . •■ -.'• •*■.'??£?*-'?■* 5 11 - 50
the very finest quality: special at , . >gggfo**»>i made of leather.l»rice 4* 1 » VV ======^=======^=================^============ =====^
« a « » •_ n^. f\ _ __ x— i Jr&iUf/iR-hft/ Vienna Me erschanm Pipes — In all styles; ' ! a ' w • •■'- o «« • .a. *+m£i
IVlPn S L^lIYIiriOU^ Hnil^£ ijflrrnGI\LS /*&*4ftMr * >lain or ornamented: they color the V^omen's Julists— Kid vamps— ... A I TCT /\T I hm ClrV\ O f T?t O
ITlCil O l^UAUI IUUO 1 lUUOV; VPUK 111^/CHLO I /LJ^fjiAr same as genuine Me«rschaum: price.. with fur trimming; there are .. | jf\ JLliJl Ol LI liM T13.S l"lTTI S
(Main Floor) WB^¥ki ■■■-■■■■■■;■ -,*l .<">^ *i .^ different designs in velvet and ! V /», r , VU1UJ
,r • -ii i_ ''i^iSfew^A Eriar Pipo^\\ Ith tine amber stem, put plush tops: some have beaded /ESgfcJV^ . . (Main Floor) •/ -
SmokinjJ lackets. I'.alh Robes ailU 1-ailCV \ eStS Will DC O11 i >// Up In ""*■ lo;lther cas^s; you may have fronts, others are j'-j r*f\ KSSSSwb^Sttk
the list of thJse who give sensible and helpful Christmas pros- j f/WM I ■ phS n or . plai . n .°^s f.^L ?%T>o ' ! . n . : . . . h .°. 1 !??r.!\ r !" . . W-™ Articles in ebony ware, leather bags and J^^S,
pnK P^Z&J^I Ciirar Holders — Made of pemiin.- amber. Men's Komeoo— Black and tan belts, Celluloid and leather collar Cliff and IB
cliL ■ * \ f&1l£&Wl This fs a very suitable holiday srift for | kid— Made on the very. .latest >J»*J»^\K \ -.» j i ' -i /# ' Bq I
Smoking Jackets— The vcrv heavy j V\R 7^7 a gentleman; prices.. 81. «<». to SU.."»O i shape toe. and with hand- glu\ e DOXO, >tag and novelty tOlIetsetS /fl |3
>G^ buying during the last three IWPf t 1 SffpS fo^co^forti $1 SO and pieces-in fact, something for every. JLr&JL
/ weeks has Icit us with a number v//SJ wood, metal or porcelain: from j price 4**» w bodv. Pq^^ =g^~^jjj :^
K r^& of small lots of these jacket?. Of /Q <J ••■■ ■■•- : ' >< ' to *7.."5O _^ /W^^S^V*?^^?^
U I patterns there are only two XI ty Slrena-A fine cfe^^avana. box of 12 Mines' and Children's Telt JuUet, 1 "*?" JSin « !?S?WW S*'^
Vc- A or three of a kind. We have A/ #1.2:; and »Oc I —With fur trimmings; the made v ot castor.^ satin, silk and leather. We have
V^A narked them so low that thev Af nn^«n f f' S r --"V' ?-;'-.•" ilI ' rt ,-^-«><> colors are red and black, and Jj>«= ft " eweit « irdle sha P« from <C7 00 K/^kJ^^W
'f^/V'^^^ will all be sold before the week V °^Vl2 . f^! . .^"i 1 !^ .^SfSS P VtSHL they are white fleece lined; »1.00 to 4>^^^ fc^Sfe^d^Sff
(ilwf "^^\ :-; P ast - Tllc >' are »«ade of Golf Humboldts— .^p^cial Holiday packages, box of i'.'.' sizPS 3 to llf 65c: siZeS HC Back Combs— Side combs and other hair ornament-, mounted with 14 kt
f-ZW/^^WZm Cloth ' Cheviots and Cassi- T^ e^ sv 9 ci^Z^r{ciiv ' hin^i^e:- S^3P >^ lll -| to 2 /DC ' gold, some are jeweled, and they come in white amber or shell; you
4 s -K ''~k*r^tt< : &/iikJ£& meres, in all the tancv shades of ihls Cipar is without doubt the best 5e Cigar to be had: >>^***- —^ cannot buy handsomer presents. They range in price up <£*7 CA
&\ -*A*- ?&%Jk~^£^ ''t'?S ;^% blue, gray, brown, tan, oxford, ~ for li:»f ; box of 50. JS1 .<{."» ; box of 25 S."»e . to -d) I +D\J
?■'& £\.'^? -*i^^- : '''j&w^i£& green and olive. Our prices are , ! Clocks Corkscrew* Ink- Stands <;h->^.-i"no- S#.tc
J^^^WS&^ $3.8 9 $4.85? $l. n 8 , . cjren She Will Appreciate- a Fan Women s Fascinators & Shawls French stag w^r««a£ c^S i&£%l P i C c es .. made of
«feJ3ra^/^^''--V T ' Jf fSSj $7-35 and JO^V (Main Floor) • French stag horn and mounted with prettily engraved ster- C') AA
Bath Robes-Our stock of Bath These fans are new importations and make (Second Floor) hng Sllver; ?1.4o , o .. $Z*UU
x.--'- v •■■.■••-■. :^5 STI^V Robes will be found to be the .. fir ,_ , rr » n * a Ki o nr »co,,(c „„ ■ : V/ ;V , * ■ Traveling Rolls— These are very use-
I •• Wt^ most complete in the city. It E» l, (1 tif u , <PK g auze and Fhere is nothing that a woman gets more /T t\ ful for people who have traveling to
W 7 ? consists <>t biderdown. Crashes mounted on a carved bone frame — th«se fans are dec- service out of or more COllltort than a shawl. ° r > oun^ me . n ? oin^ to college.
?£ .y-v.-iy '■'•■■':■••■ ■• v-jBjg .".ud Terrv Cloth, as well as Im- orated with tiny spangles — star shape — the tip ■* fir* , One of our specials is a set coasist-
:^S% : -^-.i^mf ported French Flannel; they are colors are black and white; wwrth J2.50; J>|./3 Our offerings are extraordinarily good. N^pf inp of six pieces in fine C-) QT
iLl^gfc^f^M cut 60 inches lone and 60 inches -"T i m t'*fVi,'i " X V-^i} i > _^l - ' seal grained bag; at. ...
wide. Some have ho.,d ? . others iSmeSiik Gauze Fan are a^V^^k Squarc Shawls- Knitted very closely of Spanish jK, fEfi^^^ §V Infants' Brush and Comb Sets-Con-
*>^*rarv\ J *\\«S collars. They are all finished made of highly polished bone. j€*i?£?%-P%&< >' arn and Iieav - V >llk thread. 1 hoe shawls are %f/////'-<XjLS*j2S3f-S& W^h siNtin^ of a silver back hair brush
&V*^&'*£«? with heay y rope Kirdlcs at thc The^t/l^s a 6 no^ef o d ne de a S nd n fi /fe^ 111 ?/4^ made in a raised pattern to give them a striped ef- fg /^~^jLL_." a fine celluloid comb with • silver
a>r^^ 1 "^ waist and cords at the neck. Our rows' of silk lace. hVv- fi^^fM/ r^^i feet; each shawl is over a yard square and has a \f/p Q^^^Smi fV I handle; set complete at.... QC-
*8 prices are $3.85. $4.8.5, Crt OP natinp with j?auze. covered with h&L^^^^WS£^ il^'\ deep border ot the shell pattern. Colors <COflfi or -^ f ' XJ /JL
•. r - . $5-85, $6^5 and.. . a\?e' "^vr^rt'liS3 0Gfe=^^iSd are white and black; a $2.50 value for.. .. -. «5SJ ~ m^&^M^fsi
Farcy Vests-Men's Fancy ; Vests -.in silk .silk and worsted, linens, cheviot, [ ti.QQ: -special at.... ■ W \ - - Shawls -IHnd-crocheted of Saxony varn: l&^ J Brush and Comb Sets-Sterling silver
madras, ousue and mercerized effects: they are shown in all the new _«,. . —. m - . Umbrella {snawis— tianti-crocnetea, oi saxoin yam. V^ _ ni , n ,.j. a «.-» ojc to *o.4o
.^hade> of brown, grav. tan and lieht grounds, in fancy effects, as well as HollH A V StatlflTIPrV SttPri^U a "7"^ ? I^H? new desiens. with a mounted, a set uoc to o
novelties in dark colors with Heht silk dots and npured ef- C7 QQ HUIIUaY. OLail^ll^l JT •J^JC^iaid. dep border of the shell pattern. These shawls are Hat Brush es— Sterling silver mounted «oc to *1.8o
feet. O,r very low prices are $x.x 9 . $x. 5 o, $1.85, $2.65. %^S. 3>^.O^> _^ 'j^S^SS Chri S t m as g ift for US Cloth Brushes-Sterling silver mounted Soc to *4.4O
~^T; » . - -- . rr^^^M^^'^TT^.^'V^^ **„„ ,•„, 4^i white and lavender, white" Whisk Brooms— Sterling silver mounted 2.»ctoOOc
CnFJ^tmGS Ll^llOrS and GrOCerieS OI E t^in^JVhletaofSperfnf^tSve- VWWli and black. Regular S2.50 Military Brushes— Sterling silver mounted ?1.8O to
" L,iqUU15 dUUUI V LUICyUi dm^$ !S^ fi^h" eCSSS fie Wl value; holiday price jug Manicure Sets-Sterling silver mounted to .^.5O
§ J the FirSt . r^^^ at^iSr " ' " (Engraving Done Free.)
f./a§*ll /j™!^3 > « k . (Fourth Floor) j •/? lopfs. with the s:irae box and /*£§$ t»h' T7 ' n a t n r <; Otif tvie i-
Buy your holiday groceries and liquors in a^; p^l^.. . aS ". 7 f^^v F haml-^tted. of a ve^soft (Xy^i HolldaV SalC Of thC DamUCSt Of
v ES?'iV?^ ■'•'..> magnificent department. You are certain to fgv^X ■■j# Beautiful Box— Containing 24 sheets of i^^M^TT^m quality of Saxony yarn. It UIKai 11U11UUY LJUl^ UX tllW 1/UU1UWI VI
f^f^^jp; receive only the very best goods, and a special H^^# SSty ribbon 4 ; U^'^r = of 'ule " is 2 yards 1O " S a " d fini5hed S^ ChinaWQrC
-1SgatJg&>M™y service insures prompt receipt of them. Vown . blue_ or 75 C cr^ctcd'b'der"' Th^^1 (TMrdlr!
r*-~.~~..:~~ ' Eatoa - Hurlbnfs Cloth-riniBh Paper— Consisting of 4S 7^SiV*BaB» U ui 1. «\o t 1 „ 1 . :"." I: I 1 • j-
OrOC8ne3 . sheets and 48 envelopes, of the best paper; they are ( { , C W®^| «| w ors are black, pink, blue and Matchless in everv wav — in vanetv. in exclusiveneSS and in
e^^S=Sr^...^4SC S S¥^4:^1L^^€ I b U,,^£ « r « r -fhcs e -o ff e r in S s ar. ever
CV#M - v^™- sae-p ih n ■„" attaching the wvor to the box; the colors of a+-t n/\ I ' \]V&V'M\\V' week • w»W at tills Season.
Cheese— >-^ bage— id ?^r» Best Hincemeat-".\one Such" ap the box are gre?n, brown and blue; special W SO ''J| , : «
C-JW cr Armours— 3 packages... at Chocolate Set— In a beautiful satin-
c1 "—t f :--.— r! b :.l5c -ssmnft^. '.r^ 3Sc* sale of Gloves Holiday Candies "SS^S"" S:^I-r,: n %S\\^»
Smoked Sartlne^-ln oil. tin.. + n J JW (Main Floor) | * IWllUUJf \^ailUl«5 mu ,t vfsit oSr handkerchief rated in various A * si *™' the rim3
IDC r 1 *"' — Imported Smyrna— packed in If one is at a loss to know what to .... _. ' j; ct ,V,'= T1,pv ",,-ill ar^tlv infinrnre and handles are green and gold WF&S&fi&^lzailLjSvf
Green xern-lb « f. ;f? 20C will always decide the , (Main Floor) d P^ H, f^f"^ co mp l e te in , >^^^^3^
IjC " w «' i question n,- , 1-1 I leather box. consists of six choco- VfiJi?'rO-^TrVl_ jt*cT JM'
Ecefied BAiilni-H^t o-ilitv BoUed Cider — Bidwells— t n I Prajrcr Sueclal— Made of soft Lambskin Ue nave a WOnderlul assort- so iia n iik#r C hl#f« late cups and saucers and a choco- >»%? A%Tf? 1^ fc^^flf '
?^1,aJwSn packag^ 25c p'»' s 25 °-i""« 45C &='>„ »SS«'^ i"S™: ™«>t of Lowney's well-known w^f,r, TK e iSSJS.c??,?"" 0 ?,''^ lau SJ; * . ,pi«r.d.d &M&mMXkmSt
ZoZJ^^TZZrZl 0 cider-Bes, Ea,,™-^,, . n J^,-^^^ ™^ fegj J"^ packed in beautifnl Jiga-ff I.ME .'I? JS-SeiSSS: Chrlstmas * ltt: — aI $5.95 WmBgmBBm
or , yruP -Bo ttl < 25C »™»»° p|«C "HSSHllE- V'l I b-« o every shape and design V
Bar le Due— Either white or - n Heinr'B Apple or Peach Butter—; £ !««£ f™ nt^e- orice shades ' U a i s^ 'i^ imaginable. . a dozen, or. each lOc J®. . dredsTf shapes and decorated Austrian china; they
red— bottle IOC -Mincemeat. Stuffed Prunes, China -^T."'" s ue d^With" three' tinv" cl' i»* ■' -.•„,,,,„,,, Women's Sheer Llnon Handkerchief.— /^ /r* rt^ro™r?oi,r ■ Xv look have Kold traced and matted gold
OVC oiitger. Morrells Bacon. Pimientofi. t^ra well an considered ! N. Never "has the with narrow hemstitched borders, and j W decorations. the> look e d K es. with floral sprays ln the cen-
Citron— Best Glace— ib 1 „ Morrones (sweet peppers). Rine on O th^ v?rv blst SttiM i^ov^ Jihi variety been having an initial in one corner; they T&B&fa llke re^ 1 Rook ~ ood : ter There is a large a^ortment
I Sf* Olives— everything to make your So- 1 Lr i'"ins S'ovea excellefl See are folded in a very pretty fancy box; W^sT B our prices are on«--half of shapes. They were a* + «A
lJW - Christmas dinner a great feast. M iT««/ and Children^' "oiove^AlAdp of I i^T;^^'^! nnr «.««Vl- T worth $1.00 a box of six; special. .73c \?^ I their real worth; T- boujrht to s-11 for S2.Q0. Nl Si)
: .. _ Mi " f t I^bskin- w?th ??nv Tiasns and ° l ir wonder dls " CiiJlflren's Sheer White lawn Haadker- jS^S inch size. $1.19; 8-lnch Special Holiday price. .. »P*»^y
LlffUOrS embroidered back^^ all sIzm and^colors- fjSSSsg Mi pIavS " Pricci chiefs— With a tiny hemstitched bor- size. 31 J8; 9-inch sire. Qermwi Beer Stela— Highly colored.
c vs! %^f"— $1.35 01 l M^^ re -«,^'$4.oo ■^•■■•'■•••-••••"••••••:-'--»'-'Hii iffmM tiH'oEi M.I^.'"» a .^ a »":^E W ---•" $3.98 1^! ""■■ 75c
Kallon O#»*»L-«» V n :^» C~* A lA/:«-k I I C&LW&S /wf Packed special- We iiave Handkerchiefs for Men. Wo- .»•..-•
Marsreaux. ChatoU* or Burrun- Q/\ Pcrt , Sherry or Angelica <? •< /v/v fOCKet IVlUie free WIID / fij® i^3r * fMl lv from men &sd ChUdren at all price*. Pruit or Course Plate* — Made of Crown Imperial China;
S=52S2irV£!i.?.r: oOC »j,» n ;« $1.00 Boys' Suits or Overcoats WJ$? M /' I Hard Made Battenb'rg trfs° S vE^ t T»ui-?uT'- 8 'Sr^. e S > SV <> °e'v?^
«sniwv^73c -?^^, n^r^'- s^ s^r;ir r , b|miI . M^y 15c to ' Goods ■* affi«S!\ilr3^H>T3cJ^fli
50c bottle; case.. ftlU fJfl patterns; trimmed in white, blue or, (&jT&S~ pa (Second Floor> ' tntlre lot -Monda> at me special low price or. . X$J^, fRJg* K»J Mtt
nac— Bottle 2*1. 4U Crown Eraad Cocktail <M - #v*v I for Chri^ma- «?' no --=— , S«4.4.-» Iwrder. The set is a regular »3.00 one. but Ji/.t)U V^5«S^^
*+* a *^ t.^1^^ cS? Cl C\r\ for ChriScma?« b<».()(»j '■ ?:,,.-' Dcylies— Linen center witn pretty Bat- 1 our Holiday special price is 4»*-i.vrv/ C*<2^J^^*^
WMskey— Old MeUwood— Bot- rtC mottle, .ac, &oc ........ W|^y ===================================— J _ tenbercr edge 1.1c ,«,,„. -.^ «-*^_M n H<. t Trait *l*t««_Whsit !■
decarter « fDC Champajme— Whito Seal— put up 4 White Jau Silk— =7 inches wide; regular ]W_E &***'+ rf^. < *%'A^^*^ Scarfe— lVx54V regulariy $7.50 valu'es. dies and ■decorated ?h1n^ W P ° iivo P th"m
mash— salloi JJ^.^J 4>^,fu» silk; can only be duplicated at S2.00 a \Mfcfr ♦ r^ V /^ with linen centers; regular 85c values **?» <»«• T he sh apes {g^^^/^fTi Siw »nd BrfttT Jo
•88S -.SLuSTS: SA 00 F ""- ! 5 SI-"" " ** ""- 85c r.b'ist^,? gft -jia;-^ S (|^ A i.»a-v-3< E u,b^ fdB&^Si T&Znf&W £5=
fw l.ii^" ~ J4.W bottle Ui/W 20 nnd 27 inches wide; worth 11.00 and j^j nUFT-^mmUFC CTT with linen centers; regular values L S a i! r f! r hn ,i \N&y^& y&*B worth »0r each- our
Wln«— 4 "bottles facotcn Home 71V Alpaca, with a silk luster; worth $1.00 . ' with linen centers; regularly S1.75; a set Ji.UV <5 !-* <2* f"r the set of Q^^
• a yard; special at .... ....... .S5e . special... ».....*1.1O .••"••"' ■ . . . '
ENGLISH JURY
FREES HOOLEY
LONDON. Dec. 17. — After three
weeks' trial a jury in the Central
Criminal Court to-day found Ernest
Terah Hooley not guilty and Henry
d. Lawson guilty of obtaining money
under false pretense?. Lawson was
sentenced to a year's imprisonment at
hard labor. Execution of the sen
tence of Lawson was postponed to
l^rmit an appeal to the Crown Cases
Reserved Court. He was admitted to
bail in JSO.OOO.
Hooloy, whose colossal bankruptcy
and the proceedings therefrom were
->•.» ..^caiirin of ISSo. was arrested in
ir-:i :.;■■■■:■'. ■ vr'Tr*-
PKAGLinS
London May 10 last on the chargl of
conspiracy to defraud. Since - his
bankruptcy Hooley has been connect
ed with various promotions, some of
which led to court proceedings. Law
son, another company promoter, was
taken into custody the same day in
connection with charges against Hool
■ey. - The technical charge against the
prisoners was defrauding A. J. Payne
of $50,000 by selling him shares of
Siberian gol4 mines and other worth
less concerns. Hooley was bailed in
54 0.000 and Lawson's bail was placed
at $30,006.
In 189S Hooley was the biggest
company promoter in Great Britain.
He was a multimillionaire and was
prominently interested in bicycle, land
and meat companies.^ He reached
the pinnacle of his /prominence, in
1896, when. he promoted a tire com
pany, as the result of .which he was
supposed to have cleared $12,500,000.
At that time -Hooley was living ; a; sbrT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. DECEMBER! IS, 1004.
prag::rs
of 'Monte Crlsto existence, buying
3'achts and racehorses and a number
of historic country seats.
So Charge for Gold
Lettering on pocketbooks. wrist bags,
cameras, traveling sets, valises, dress
suit cases, bill books. leather cases and
other fine leather goods purchased at our
store. Sanborn. Vail^& Co.. 741 Market. «
If there is a woman named Pearl
she is from 30, to 35 years of age. la
the same way one can almost estimate
how old a woman is whose ears are
pierced.
Tlierc • ai*e quite a few wants
that need filling advertised ,to-
dnj\ , y'i
Possibly you can fill them
profitably.
Read thc Miscellaneous Ads.
Some For Sale bargains, too/
l'UAGSKS
MAXY SORROWING . FRIENDS v
ATTEND FUNERAL. SERVICES
Colonel Jeremiah IV Moore Is 'Buried
at the Vcteraiis'Tlome With
3iilitary Honors.
YOUXT VILLE, * Dec. 1 7.— Colonel
Jeremiah B. Moore was buried at the'
Veterans' Home to-day with military
honors. Beautifur floral pieces Were
sent by the Associated Veterans of the
Mexican Wari Veteran Firemen's As
sociation, the Veteran National Guard
Society of San Francisco, Society of
California Volunteers, California Com
mandery of the military division of
the Loyal Legion of "the United States,
in all of which organizations Colonel
Moore had been a "prominent member.
The Associated Veterans of the Mexi
can War were represented by Major
S. J. Lood, a director of- the : home,
who " made a few - touching and appr'of
PIUGSHS
priate remarks at the grave of his old
time friend and comrade.
The services . were held under the
auspices .of Unit> Post No. 171, De
partment of California and Nevada.
G.A. R., of which Colonel Moore was
a member. Commander A. "VV. Crocker
and Chaplin N. <A. Colvin officiated.
The funeral procession was a long one.
Major Charles E. Graham, acting: com
mandant, and Colonel J. J. Lyon.'
quartermaster of the. home, attended
the services.
Hundreds of Amateur Artists
Need drawing sets, color outfits and all
sorts, of things^to paint with and paint
on.* Ours is the one place that you can
get anything and everything at satisfac
tory. prices. . Sanborn, Vail *& Co., 741
Market street. " •
"No wonder people hate you," writes
a subscriber to the editor: "you are
always saylng^thihgs." We say those
things tovmake , people, love' us. That's
where we lack Judgment. . .
PRAGi'KS^
FAMILY XARROWLY ESCAPES
DEATH IN" A BURNING HOME
Josrph Vnlcnti. Wife and Child Are
Snvcd- by the Timely Work of
a Neighbor.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 17. — The store,
house and barn of Joseph Valenti
were burned at 2 o'clock this morn
ing and Valenti. wife and. child were
only saved by being dragged out of
bed by M. A. Simpson, who smashed
In a window and rescued the sleeping
occupants., .The loss is $3000.
Insane on Subject of Train Robbery.
AUBURN; Dec. 17. — Cyrus Hamblin
was brought down from-Colfax- by
Constable McCleary to-day and com
mitted to the insane asylum. Hamblin
believes that he .recently caught a lot
of train robbers and mad4 a demand
on the Wells-Fargo agent at Coif ax
for. $2500 reward.
PRACET.3
"77**
Cures Colds and
At Druc^istj. ™r» cents, or mailed.
Humpfcr^ys' Mrtllrine Co.. cor. William and
Jobn jlrcrte. New York.
CALL AT
Evatt ®» Hinkle
86 Third St.
ITEW GOODS. HSW STOax.
Por Diamond*. 'Watcne*. Jewelry. .
4950
. ADVEKTIS1-31EXTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATE/VVENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY'
OF ERFCnT. IN GERMANY. ON THE
ZUt <J»y of December. A. D. 1903, and for
the year ending en that dxy. as ma<V to the
Insurs.nce Commissioner of ihe ftkie of Cali- .
fornla, pursuant to the pro-visions of sections j
610 and «511 of the Political Code, condensed j
&t per blank furnished by the Commissioner: •,
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $SS>4.770 82
Cash 'n Ccir-panys Office 216 7U
Cash la BacKs -V--- 17«.T98 14 |
Interest due and accrued on all
Etock? and Loans — . . 243 63 ;
premium in due Course of Cbl-
lectlcn • ■*■■ C01.46OO1!
Total Asaeta 39 |
LIARrLITIES. '
Laosses ia crocess of Adjustment ■
Vin su«i>ense $55,872 00 j
ttosses reMsted. Including expenses 18,561 61 I
Grcrs Premtnxaa en Fire Risks
reimlr.ir cne year or less, IS32.-
fc61 PS; r*5nsuranc-e M) per cent.. 426,430 00
Grrcs Premiums en Fire Risks
runnir.ic mere than one year.
$C13,4*i *": reinsurance pro rats. 351, 116 78
All other liabilities 73.661 »6 j
Total Liab:lK!es ,..' $325.613 37)
:zzr— j
IN'COXtE.
Ket cash actually received /or Fir*
Premiums $1,1C2.SS6 53
Received fer interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 37.627 05
Received from home office 3.012 «S j
Total Income — .$1,203,527 22 j
EXPENDITURES. " ~~ i
Ket affioust oald for Fire Ixtss^s !
<lncludinj? fll.Kl' 04. icsses of <
previous ytars) — $627,065 19 •
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brtkerajre 356.362 77-
Paid Icr Salaries, F«es and other
charrc* for officers. cl»rk*. etc.. 65,279 15 I
Paid for State, Naticnal *cd Local j
Taxes 24,420 74 ■
All otfc«r caymeats and expendi-
"."''. I .? '^ r. t.'. * '-i r**s . • • • • «%■ • . .#L*119,40O 23 ,
Losties Incurred daring the year. .$679.55' IS I
Ki5ks * Premiums j Fire Risks. ' Premiums •
1 L j
N"t amount Risks'
wr.tt-ndorir.p the!
year $111,417,525 05 $1^579,664 34
Net amount Ritks 1
expired during the] ,
vtar 121,247,r^4 20 1,425, S»4 29 '
N»t ttnount • lnl
force Dec. 31. 19C3' 103.0^0.437 K3 1.466.556 45 :
F. G. VOSS. United States Manager.
Subscribed and iron to before me, this 22d !
<it cf January. l»04- :
EDWIN V. COKET. !
Commissioner for California In New York. j
PACIFIC COAST AGENCY:
VOSS, GQNRAD&GO.
208 SaDsome St., Sao Francisco, Gal.
■ i
There's Only One Way to j
Get the Best of Whisky
And that is to let it alone. If you try
ar.y other way it -will get the best of j
you- If you can't let it alone you need i
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan- !
c*> cures the liquor habit by destroying:
the desire for liquor and putting the
eygteia In its natural condition. wh»re
liquor is not needed to help the machin- j
ery of the body to do Us work, f Dr. >
McKiir.r.a effects a complete cure In threo '
days without the use of dangerous hjr- I
podennics. annoying confinement or bad |
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatment ■
is absolutely safe and cannot harm the ■
most delicate constitution. Why waste '
time and money in drinking whisky '
when you can be cured of the liquor j
b&blt In three days with no chax<ce of ;
failure, co risk and no unpleasantness? j
Think it over and call or write Dr. Me- i
Kanna for full information. Address 14
Geary street. San Francisco. Cal. Phon* !
10S7 Main.
irfP|WE/\K MEIN
f£rFl5r' : ' n - IiALL ' s REINVIGORATOR
gwl ■*-» Etcps all losses and unnavural dls- j
\\ charge* In 24 hours. Tou feel an t
I*""? jg-g Improvement from the first dose.
I?r5 i J?T{ w « have »o much confidence In our .
H 1 i*± treatment that we offer Five Hun- i
p.^a^j —"\3 £r*i r» v.\ird Jcr any cat* we can-
Vlba^m*mmX not cure. This secret remedy cures
loct power, nightly emissions, wasted orrana,
var:coccle. gleet, strictures, kidneys, failing
memory, drains Jn the urine, gonorrhea, dls- !
•a»e of the prostate glands and all other terrl- j
tie effect* cf celf-abuse or excesses, which lead i
en to consumption and death. Positively cures
the went cases in old or young of that mortl- :
fylng condition, quickness of the discharge, and |
wanting to do. and you can't. Bent sealed. $2 ;
per bottle; three bottles. $5. Guaranteed cur»
any case.
Call or afldre«s orders HALL'S MEDICAL.
INSTITUTE. S55 Broadway. Oakland, CaL
Also for tale at 1073H Market it.. S. V. Send
for free bock.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Steamers of company, or
""^sSiw * cr wnlcn lt !• agent, leave
f \*i Pters 9 and 11, San Fran-
I 1 VteJj^A I I fcr K»tchikan. Wrangel,
I V Vf^C^Ll Juneau. Treadwell, Halnes,
Vtf^ \\ j&l Skaguay, etc., Alaska— 11 a.
\3^1_-<&y m.. Dec. 16, 21. 26, 31. Jan.
5 - Change tft this company's
l-^ steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver. Port Townsend,
Flattie. Tacoma. Everett. South BeUin^bam
Bellir-gham — 11 a. m.. Dec. 16. 21, 26 31 Jan
8. Change at Seattle to this company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or
Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka Ulumboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1-30
p. m.. Dec. 18. 24. »O. Jan. 5. Corona. 1:30
p. rn.. Dee. 15. 21. 27, Jan. 2.
For Los Anreles fvla Port Los Anreles and
n^dondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 «. m.
Ftate <£ California. Thursdays. 8 a. ra.
For Lo« Atwceles (via San Pedro and East
6an Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayueos. Port Harford (San
l«ls Ot>ifj)o). Ventura and Hueneme.
Hor.ita. 9 a. m.. D«c. 17 26, Jan 2.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., Dec. 21. 29. Jan 6
rJ£ or r »* >na< '«. Magdalena Bay. San Jo« del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia.
Guarmas 'Mex ). 10 a. m., 7th'of eachiStftS:
For further Information obtain folder. Rirht
Is reserved to chanre Meamers or sailing dates
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery tt. (PaU« Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Oflc« 10 Market it.
C. T>. DUNAXN, General Passenger Agent.
«*.«... -vi 0 Market Bt -. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Butter st. will
tail fer and check bam>ra*e from hotels' and
retldences. Telephone Exchange 812.
oceanics.5.c«.iMM
—. . oiwauuieTAHiri
8. «. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck.
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Dec 22 2 P M
S.6. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Dec 3l! 11 *.m!
8. B. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec 31/ 11 aTSl
LEIFEICKELSt BE01 Cl, ITil.Ticht 01B6O X«-
ttL Trim OSes 327 Kami sl, Pier 1, Pactlg iL
C0XF16KIE QEHE&A.LE TR1H8ATIAHT IQ0 E.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _ _.
Sailing every Thursday instead of .^rrikSt
Saturday, ax 10 a, m.. from Pier -^xfft*
42, North Rirer. foot of Morton st.
First cl^ys to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL, AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 8 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For TJ. S. Wavy Yard and Vallejo.
Etrs. General Frisble. Montlcello and Arrow
9:4£ a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.
m. Leave San Francisco Sundays »:45 a.m..
12:S0 p.m., ti p.m., 8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo. 7
a.m.. U a.m., 12:50 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m. Sun-
days. 7 a.m.. li a.m.. 3:20 p.m., 6 p.m. Pier 2.
ft iJission Et.; i.hone Main 150S. HATCH BROS.
For U. S. Navy Tard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. CORCORAN leaves north end
Terry bide, foot of . Clay St.. 10 a.m., 5:30
p.m.; {Sundays, 10 a.m.. 8 p.m. Leave
Valle.1o, Aden's wharf, 7:15 a.m». 2:30 p.m.;
Sunday*. 7:15 a.m.. S p.m. Fare 25c each way.
PIPF^. ADKX. GOODALL CO. .
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nothing could he I
i more acceptable r
than a Liebss Fur H j
Garment, Among U i
i those who know I] I
I anutliing of Furs [I
the. name of H. \]
I Liebes &Co, isapos- «
itive , guarantee of I
the best. Our as- j
j sortment of Fur
/ Garments is the
most complete in
the world. Here ,
vou will find every- 1
I "thing from modsr- u
atelu pricsd pieces \j
I forlittle folks to the jfj
most elegant and w|
\ exclusive garments V
I miis&co, |
I Largest exclusive fur house ||
I ... in the world. ... II
I 533-135 Post St. fl
Grand Army Officers.
The following have been elected of-
ficers of George H. Thomas Post, G.
A. R., for the ensuing term: Com-
mander, C. W. Gordon; senior vice
commander, Horace Wilson; Junior
vice commander, B. F. Hobart; quar- j
termastier. Charles H. Blinn; surgeon, J
H. McG. Willson; chaplain, Charles H.
Osborn; officer of the day, Frank G. :
"Wisker; officer of the guard, John j
Rush; trustees, W. R. Parnell, Phil j
L Fisher and Charles E. Wilson; rep- I
resentatives, William Healey, Charles j
H- Blinn, J. H- Gilmore. F. G. Wisker, J
B. F. Hobart, John Rainsbury, J. H. I
Soper. C. A. Coolidge, Henry Krebs, j
E. T. Allen. John Rush, R. R. Bige- I
low, W. E. Luti, George L. Harris, G. {
W. Hfcndes and C. C. Wells; alternates,
T. W. Nowlln, J. J. Frank. W. G.
Bratton* Phil I. Fisher, C. H. Osborn,
E. G. Kursh, H. M. Burke, W. R. Par- !
nell, H. Burdell, J. M. Long, J. P.
Meehan. Nathaniel T. Measer, J. Me- •
Irttyre, Thomas Green, D. Irwin and ;
R. A. Sarle. i
■ » ■
Breeding doesn't" always count. The
dog with the best pedigree often has
I the worst disposition.
APVERTISEMEyTS.
I Uricsol,
the only cure for
Rheumatism.
If you are suffering: from rheuma-
tism there is a chance for you to be-
come absolutely cured. You may ;
cure yourself and do it quickly if you
will lay aside your prejudice and
skepticism.
Every San 1 Francisco druggist sells
Uricsol, the well-known remedy, and
we hereby authorize them to guaran-
tee a cure.
Uricsol cures rheumatism in the only
possible way it can be cured.
Uric Acid and Urates are the cause
of Rheumatism. These are deposited
in the tissues, blood vessels and joints
of the body.
These deposits must be dissolved
and eliminated from the system be-'
fore a cure can be accomplished.
Uricsol is a solvent of these and
tones up the system, stimulates the
kidneys, liver ..nd bowels and thus
drives them from the system.
Uricsol is harmless, and no injuri-
ous results can possibly come to any
part of your body.
Write us to-day for booklet con-
taining recommended diet for rheu-
matics.
URICSOL CHEMICAL CO.
' Los Angeles. Cal.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
! DR. G. S. MOORE'S"
§ Scientific Hair Restorer.!
B Guaranteed to rrow hair on the worst 3
n bald bead. . ■
JS A poeltlve cure (or all diseases of ■
■J the ecalp and eczema. . He challenges n
B the world to equal this remedy. »
■ Try one bottle and be convinced. 5
w Sent to any part of the world. H
_, Send for circular. . Q
g DR. G. sTlVlOORE h
g 332 O'Farrell St. . S
m Phone Black 6532. Q
~ San Francisco, Cal. g
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■Mag
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is the only cure for Wervoni and
Bronchial ' ASTHMA.
Tour ' Drvnrlst or at 598 HAIGHT ST..
- San •. Francisco. Cal. " -
Weak /Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA ; BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican •' Remedy; glvea ■ health and
strength to s«xual organs. Depot,' 323 Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 13. 1904.
WITNESSES
CONFESS TO
POLYGAMY
3£orinon Leaders Testify
ing Before the Smoot In
vestigating- Committee Ad
mit of Plural Marriages
UECORDS WITHHELD
FEOM COXGRESSMEX
Official of the Salt Lake
Temple Tells of Books
That Will Not Be Pro
duced in Washington
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17!— More im- j
portant testimony was brought out to- j
day in the investigation • of protests \
against Senator Reed Smoot than at
any time at the present session of Con
gress. The witnesses were Charles H.j
Jackson, chairman of the Democratic ;
State Committee of Idaho; John Nich- !
olson, chief recorder in the Mormon ;
Temple at Salt Lake City; Charles "W. j
Penrose, editor of the Deseret News ;
and an apostle of the Mormon church;
William Budge, president of the Bear
Lake Stake in Idaho, and Apostle John
Henry Smith of Salt Lake.
Penrose was elected an apostle last
July, and the attorneys for Senator
Smoot admitted that the Senator was
present and participated in the election
of Penrose. Penrose testified that he
was a polygamist, and was known to
have been such at the time he was j
made an apostle. j
The testimony of Jackson and Budge j
related to political affairs in Idaho, the '
former being a prominent .Mormon and j
the latter active in protecting the in- j
terests of the church. The examina- !
tion of Apostle John Henry Smith had :
not been concluded when the commit
tee adjourned till 10 o'clock Monday.
JACKSOX IS RECALLED.
When the investigation was resumed 1
to-day Charles H. Jackson, chairman j
of the Democratic State Committee of i
Idaho, was again called to the stand.
He is the witness who testified yester
day in regard to Mormon interference
in political affairs. The examination
/ollowed similar lines to-day. As an il
lustration of the local church Issue In
the last election, Jackson said, the vote
for Gooding, Republican candidate for j
Governor, ran behind the vote for
Roosevelt in gentile counties and 'ahead '
of Roosevelt in the Mormon counties,
while the vote for Heitf eld. Democratic
candidate for Governor, ran ahead of
Parker in the gentile counties 'and be
hind Parker in the Mormon counties.
The influence of the Mormons was j
shown, said the witness, by the fact
that the Democrats and independents
were unable to get chairmen of political
meetings held in Mormon counties
without the aid of Mormons.
On cross-examination Jackson said
that Apostles Mathias Cowley and John
Henry Smith were among those who
went into Idaho and told the people
that there had been a revelation that
they should vote the Republican ticket.
Questioned by Attorney Van Cott, rep
resenting Senator Smoot, the witness
said he never had heard these apostles
declare that there had been such reve
lations; that it had always been taken
for granted there had been a revelation
when a Mormon apostle appeared in i
Idaho to direct political affairs. Cross
examination drew f rpm the witness
that' he knew only from general repute
of these affairs, and that his statements
made yesterday concerning sugar legis
lation and bounties was based on the
same Information. He asserted, how
ever, that it was well known that the
Mormons had asked the Legislature
to pass the sugar bounty law, and
wanted it for the reason that sugar
manufacture had been hailed as a.Mor
mon institution in Idaho, "and the
Mormons get everything they ask In
Idaho, whether it is a Republican or a
Democratic Legislature," he 'concluded.
Attorney Van Cott produced a table
showing the election returns in Idaho
in 1904, and attempted to prove that if
the vote for Governor in the six
mon counties had been thrown out
Gooding, the ' Republican candidate,
would have received still a plurality of
more than 2000.
DUBOIS SPOILS A COUP.
Jackson, in answer to questions by
Chairman Burrows, told of the passage
of a resolution by the Idaho Legislature
calling a constitutional convention. He
said the resolution created no "com
ment, and, in fact, Its purpose was ig
nored until Senator Dubols had written
a letter calling attention to the fact
that such a convention could repeal the
Idaho tests against polygamy. Jackson
said the resolution had been put
through the Legislature on the advice
of Apostle John Henry Smith.
Asked why the resolution was not
submitted to the people, Jackson said
the Attorney General gave an opinion
declaring the resolution was improperly
passed, and the Secretary of State re
fused to certify the resolution to be
placed on the ballot.
Van Cott asked if the Attorney Gen
eral who rendered the opinion was
not and is not now a : Mormon, , to
which the witness answered In the af
firmative. Van Cott brought out ! the
fact that there were only nine' Mor
mons In the Legislature "which passed
the resolution calling for a constitu
tional convention, but Jackson . added
that members from counties where the
Mormons held" the : balance of power
were under Mormon influence.
PART OF RECORDS. MISSING.
John Nicholson, chief recorder of
the Salt Lake" Temple, was ' recalled
and 'examined in. regard to the mar
riage records he was supposed, to bring
to Washington. He said that the,rec
ords he ' brought \ contained all , of '. the
marriages that .'had been solemnized In
the.temple since' 1893, when the book
was. opened.
"Is the book you have here the only
one in' which . marriages have been re
corded in that ' period ?.'!, Tayler asked.
'■' wtJf m CF 1^|I \_f \JF Mm LJ*«l ft \y %M vXdJl Cf • JL*? dWtm w« W Ji w \tf *|J V/nJ h jV M 1 J K 1. A Jv Ul m mK 1 1 II SI |C^- L^^mL J-l fpf~ Vt 2 SVHV I SI ttfmOV^^M I
W Fro 1 nTd?™r^r?w^fh D r^rtnl a t? k 'l S ° ld€n fl " iSh> H °" 3 ~ IJll » IES ' WRITX»a DESK-Solid oak. gold- HO . *-M0BBIS OHAlB~Oak or mahogany finished
Front decorated with bevel plate mir- en finish. A design that will com- frame. Reversible velour cushion. Back I
ror. Bed with woven wire mattress $31 gQ me ' nd ltself t0 the most , fastidious. Silft SO adjustable to four positions, thoroughly %O QU
M»«/*e^V/ price ; .v ; t.. *pl\J»iJ\J well made. Price .^ 4JO.7J
-. --J.'v,-.:^' • - : W&JW^l "' ' * '• I
WO. a— DESK CHAIR — Quarter-sawed NO. 4— CHITPOJITER — Quarter-sawed , .'"."; "° W =O©K CAKE— Solid oak.
s :^.-:.^? $5.35 $i4.so ~^g^g9.75
CARPfTS% KliliiH §j RUGS jJk
the purest iron obtainable; full sheet s' M !
?~ "** * . ."" J °~ ' . "' _ flue, nickel trimmed. This ranee is *** •
A vast arra\ r ot new designs just arrived.' Pat- u,,;it f nr - rt , c <- ~~~a-s j -n x* »u- — "
terns that will please the most fastidious taste. Every buiIt for coas , t u c ° nd . ltlo " s t and Wl11 r , more .acceptable can be K iven than a
make from the Royal Wilton to the modest Ingrain cut y° ur coal bl11 m half. Terms "»R- *V e carry an immense line of choice dcsijms in
at absolutely lowest prices. ?1.OO down and ?1.OO a week. domestic ruRS. Many of them exact copies of almost
. . .— '.'.' 1 ...... .. .... priceless Orientals. ',
~~-~ — — ' _
"I- have no recollection of any
other."
Then the witness explained that
there was another book in which were
recorded the sealings of men . and
women who had been married out
side of the church. He was asked if
there were still other books and re
plied that the various religious pro
cesses each had a book. • Attention
was called by Tayler to the testimony
of August Lundstrom that he had been
sealed to his wife at a ceremony per
formed in the temple and the witness
was asked where the ceremony had
! been recorded. He said it was in an
other book.
More than fifteen minutes was con
sumed by Tayler in a futile effort to
draw from Nicholson the proper name
of * the other book referred to and
gome reason why It had not been
brought in response'to the subpena is
sued by. the Senate committee.
. Senator McComas then asked the
witness and likewise ' was unsuccess
ful..
"You are the keeper of this other
book, are you not?" he asked.
"Well, not the particular one."
"But you know where it is?" the
Senator persisted.
' "I suppose I do," was the response.
"Then why did you not bring it?"
"Because I did not want to."
NATURE OF MISSING BOOK.
Nicholson, then gave a long expla
nation of the character of the book,
in an effort to show that the subpena
of the Senate committee could not; be
held "to call for any records except
those of legal marriages, which had
taken place within . the temple.. H«»
described the second book as a record
of sealings of people who, having been
married outside, go into the temple to
receive, a blessing. This blessing, he
said, , was in the form of a seal and
such records were not put In the mar
riage book.
Tayler. took charge of the examina
tion again, and bringing out the fact
that the witness believes the records
arestill within .the temple, asked:
"If you were told by President
Smith not to bring the .books, you
would refuse to touch them, .would
you not?"
JJ^YL APVERTISEMEyTS.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
f9 The ORIOINAL remedy thct il kID» the Dcadraff <kna. f *
UIMIBf/^mV U ABIT lclde m « tt «« thl » "duty" «uch a pleasure that me
' T H£ H£RPICU/£ HABIT "Herplclde Hkbir Ii usually feraed. A balr-
' •. ■••-:*-- ■ saver that trows In popularity. Delights the
Careful people now coniUer It a duty te use a ladles by keeplnf the hair Urht and fluffy and by
scalp prophylttTc, as It Inswes deaatteess and ■ m Ivlnf It a sUkcn gloss. Cures dandruff, stops
freedom from dandruff microbes. The refreshing tailing hair. Gives satisfaction and excites ad-
<juallty and exquisite fragrance of Newbrf's Herp* BlraOoo. Stops itching Instantly.
OOIN&I GOlhlCMT GQNEi!!!
WHC18C KU.LUI6 IT. ■ I£JII1C1O€ WtU ttTI IT. TM UTI FOI UWKML
Om Sttru. Si.oa • UH 10c, ttiatt, to HEBPICIDE CO. Itfi I. Ortrrt. Wei; Ml UBfte. /
' '. • APPIiIOATIOirg AT; PBOM tyxigT. : BARBER SHOPS. .:!:. £'%*. -.'.■
"Yes, sir."
"And if the sergeant at arms of the
Senate should call on you with a war
rant and demand the books, and ar
rest you and put you in Jail if you did
not give them up, you would still re
fuse to give them up, would you?''
"Yes, sir."
XO RACE SUICIDE HERE.
Nicholson said he was a polygamist,
having two wives! but when asked if
any children had been born to him by
his plural wife since 1890 he request
ed his questioner to "wait a minute,"
adding: "I have so many I can't re
member." After the laughter subsided
he said that he had fifteen children.
Witness Hickman was recalled and
stated that he had had the consent of
Francis M. Lymanto his plural mar
riage, which had been celebrated in
Mexico in 1890.
Charles W. Penrose, editor of the
Deseret News, who was elected one
of the twelve apostles of the Mormon
church last July, was sworn. He said
he was a polygamist with two plural
wives living. He has children by his
first plural wife, but none born since
the manifesto. When elected to an
apostleshlp, Penrose said he was not
present, but was sent for by the first
president and informed of the election.
He said he could not say whether Reed
Smoot was present or not.
Penrose said, in answer to a ques
tion, that he had never heard of any
one making a protest against his elec
tion on the ground that he was a po
lygamist.
"Was it known that you were a
polygamist?" asked Mr. Burrows.
"I did nothing to conceal the fact,
but I never flaunted it," the witness re
plied.
William Budge of Paris, Idaho, testi
fied that he has three wives and that
three children have been born since the
manifesto of 1890. All of hfs wives live
in Paris, and he testified that he did not
live with one to the exclusion of the
others.
John Henry Smith of Salt Lake tes
tified that he became an apostle of the
church in 188S and was the second in
rank. He had two wives and fifteen
children living. He testified that he
was one of the signers of the applica-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tion for amnesty. Asked concerning
his failure to practice the agreement he
thus jnade, he said:
"Nobody can take from me my fam
ily. I am responsible to them and to
God alone, and if my countrymen
choose to punish me I shall have to
suffer the consequences."
If Your Hand Could Talk
It would insist that you buy your foun
tain pen to fit it. Buy a "Waterman
Ideal" or a "Marshall $1.00 pen." and
all writing material of Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Gunther's Trial Closing.
The trial of Edward W. Gunther.
attorney, charged with offering and
giving a bribe to David J. Kelly, a
juror at- the trial of Nguen Lun for
murder, is drawing to a close before
a Jury in Judge Lawior's court. Judge
Wells of -Contra Costa County presid
ing. Yesterday the defendant gave his
testimony, denying the allegations of
Kelly. 1 Three witnesses were called
to testify against Kelly's reputation
and the prosecution put eight witnesses
on the stand who testified thai Kelly's
reputation was good. The case was
continued till Tuesday morning.
Do You Play Poker?
If you do, buy your chips from u«. We
have a complete stock of chips, playing
cards, dice, chessmen, checkers, score
cards and a large variety of tally cards
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
FREE-GIFT DAY-FREE
Tuesday December 20th
SECOND ANNIVERSARY
REMOVAL TO 8O3 MARKET ST,
Any Purchaser of -2$ cents or more will be
given a choice of
CaKe of Fine SKin Soap
Bottle o!-' Perfume, or
Envelope of Satchet
In addition a ten per cent reduction in price on any
S££L^?™^* - 81JS0, «3.OO. S3J)O. 84.00 np
MS^k^-^Ltt^'ii *• 84.00. S3.0O. 86.00 np
2£i^-5£i2'5 * 75c. S1.C0. S1J0 up
Clirar Bosei at «o on m en »-> m nn
Pine Leather Clnr«tt« Caiei " "«i 00 'silSo la oo' CM SS
Inolndinr a Great Varlrty ot TT.efii iik biliSsItai I Toliet^StS2
The Folio wlnr at Lor Prices:
Pre»crlptlonM^»cewt«ly dispensed. Sone but best Draw used. Very Mod-
i; A, McDonnells Pharmacy
803 MARKET STREET, NEXT COR. FOURTH
RATE OF POSTAGE
on
THE CHRISTMAS CALJjZ
Domestic .. ........5 cents
Foreign 9 cents
Domestic postage Includes all
points In the United States,
Mexico, Hawaiian Islands, Phil-
ippines, Porto Rico, Canada and
Guam,
3Iall this sumptuous paper to
your friends in the East and
abroad.
Hold Christmas Festival.
The Scandinavian Society held a gx>oo!
old country style Christmas festival at
Native Sons' Hall last night. A gigan
tic Christmas tree occupied the cen
ter of the floor. The branches were
heavy with ornaments and made n
pretty effect. The hall rang 1 vrM)
music and the merry laughter of chil
dren, for Santa Clauses in tuxedos wera
distributing gifts. Valuable gate prizes
were also distributed. Dancing tol*
lowed and the revels lasted nntQ q
late hour. ■
When a woman looks In a mirror cbq
Is never able to ues herself as othei
women see her.
ApVKRTJSTgMTT^TS.AD\TE31T1SEMENTS.
What Sulphur Does
For the Human Body in Health and
Disease.
The mention of sulphur will recall to
many of us the early days, when our
mothers and grandmothers gave us our
- dallj' dose of sulphur and molasses
every spring and fall.
• It vras the universal spring and fall
"blood purifier," tonic and cure-all, and,
•mind you, this old-fashioned remedy
was not without merit.
The idea was good, but the remedy
was crude and unpalatable, and a large
quantity had to be taken to get any ef- i
.feet.
Nowadays we get all the beneficial ef-
.fects of sulphur in a palatable, concen-
trated form, so that a single grain is
far more effective than a tablespoonful !
of th« crude sulphur.
In recent years research and experi-
ment have proven that the best sulphur j
for medicinal use is that obtained from j
Calcium (Calcium Sulphide) and sold j
in druff stores under the name of Stu-
• art's Calcium Wafers. They are small
• chocolate -coated pellets and contain the
• active medicinal principle of sulphur in
a hijrhly concentrated, effective form.
Ferw people are aware of the value of
this form of sulphur in restoring and
" maintaining bodily vigor and health:
sulphur acts directly on the liver and
excretory organs and purifies and en-
.riches the blood by the prompt elimina- ,
' tlcn of waste material.
Our grandmothers . knew this when
" they dosed us with sulphur and mo-
. lasses every spring and fall, but the
crudity and impurity of ordinary flow-
ers of ruluhur were often worse than
- the disease, and cannot compare with
the modern concentrated preparations
cf sulphur, of which Stuart's Calcium
Wafers is undoubtedly the best and
• most widely used.
■ ■ They are the natural antidote for
liver and kidney troubles, and cure
constipation and purify the blood in a
way that often surprises patient and
physician alike.
Dr. R. M. Wilkins while experlment-
■ trig with sulphur remedies soon found
that the sulphur from Calcium was su-
perior to any other form. He says:
"For liver, kidney and blood troubles,
especially when resulting from consti-
pation or malaria, I have been sur-
prised at the results obtained from Stu-
art's Calcium "Wafers. In patients suf-
fering from boils and pimples and even
deep-seated carbuncles, I have repeat-
edly, seen them dry up and disappear in
four or five days, leaving the skin clear
and smooth. Although Stuart's Calcium
Wafers is a proprietary article, and
Fold by druggists, and for that reason
tabooed by many physicians, yet I
know of nothing so safe and reliable
for constipation, liver and kidney trou-
bles, and especially in all forms of skin
disease, as this remedy."
At any rate people who are tired of
pills, cathartics and so-called blood
"purifiers" will find in Stuart's Calcium
Wafers a far safer, more palatable and
effective preparation.
Refuses to \acat<
C. B. Williams of Santa Clara has
applied to the Supreme Court for a
writ of mandate compelling Thomas
W. Trainer to give up the office of Re
corder. The election was contested
and Williams was finally declared
elected by the Supreme Court, but
Trainer refuses to vacate.
ji The best cast range on the market. Bakes B
\\ evenly top and bottom. Heats water quirkly I
ji with one-half the fuel used in the Qjj fift B
¥1 ordinary range. We guarantee it 4 |«UU A
m on every point for two years. jdown 1
245-259 CgflRY ST. OWTHES®|?^igE
WnsnCCBDBDDBEBHBSBBIJHBBBBBHEKnaBaBBEBDBEEBESi
LL..OIL.... WATER I
■ ■ -::■> ffi
' juijLiLJiimji jiMrimiuiiiii H
■ For Mining:, Irrigation, Power Plants, Mills and Water Works E8
E PABxiC u juAS ATTENTION GIVE2T TO THE KAKUPiCTUEE OP
g Well Casing for OD Wells and Artesian Wells B
■TANKS FORO "- w^i R I
3 CYANIDE PLANTS §
■ — — — __ : :•; n
■ , - .'B
■ ■ SMOXE STACKS. FUBWACE PEEDEES. DUST COLLECTORS POB H
PZkAVZBra MTLLS. ESHAXTST ASTD ATTj. FIFE FOE MINE3.
| W. W. MONTAGUE & CO. |
g SAN FRANCISCO; CAL g
USSD3BD0BBHSBBBDHBHBBB ■ESIIBZEaBSBSEBEBBBSrSGzS
WEEK'S REALTY
DEALS SMALL
Brokers Report Usual Number of Minor
Transactions Within the City.
Suburban and Country Properties Hold
Interest of the Buying Public.
While there are several sales of gooa
size to be credited to the brokers dur
ing the past week, no great transaction
has been effected. The customary num
ber of smaller deals is reported by the
agencies through which they were
brought about. The chief interest at
taching to downtown realty in the im
mediate present is furnished by the de
termination of Herbert E. Law to at
once proceed to erect a ten-story office
building on Market street west of the
Palace Hotel. A detailed description
and a picture of the Law building,
which will be known as the Monad
nock, are published elsewhere in this
issue.
Speck & Co. have sold for N. Delbanco
27:6x187:6 feet and three-story frame
building on the .north line of Post
street, 110 feet east of Mason, for $50,
000; the southwest corner, of Fifth and
Folsom streets, for Mrs. Helena Schles
inger to a client, lot 75x90 feet, with
three-story frame building, for $38,000;
for William Wankowski, 45:10x126 feet
on the south line of Bush street, 107
feet west of Grant avenue, running to
Harlan place, for $24,500; the northwest
corner of California street and Presidio
avenue, 56:3x126 feet, with two-story
frame building, for 516,500.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
Mrs. Annie M. Firth and Mrs. Julia
M. Doering to a client of G. H. Umbsen
& Co., improvements and lot on the
south side of Ellis street, 137:6 feet west
of Jones, 52:6x137:6 feet, for JSO.OOO. A
portion of this property is covered with
a frame residence. It is the intention of
the purchaser to improve this lot with
a six-story and basement apartment
house, with stores below.
Thomas Magee & Sons have also just
closed the sale, at S40.600, of the prop
erty belonging to Sarah and Louis
Wertheimer et al. at the south corner of
Market and Twelfth streets, 25 feet
front on Market by 165 deep on Twehh,
with a frontage also on Stevenson of 75
feet. This property was sold to F. K.
Houston some months ago, and it has
already been resold by him for $43,000.
The same firm also closed the sale for
Mrs. Christina de Noon to Simon New
man of property on the north line of
Jackson street, 80 feet east of Laguna,
50x127:8 feet, with three-story resi
dence, for $31,000. The purchesr will erect
a modern residence.
Sales have been made b>' the C. M.
Wooster Company as follows: Lot 45x
SO feet and nine flats on the south Una
of Clara street, 92:6 feet east of Fifth,
from William Miller to C. W. Hollis,"
$7500; 30:6x112 feet and cottage on the
east line of Fair Oaks street, from S. S.
Brophy to W. W. Wilson, $3000; 25x75
feet and four fiats on the north line of
ADVEKTISKMI^TTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER -IS, ■. 1904.
Shipley street, 350 feet east of Sixth,
from Ellen N. Smith to Alice Brown
Spencer, for $3000.
OTHER CITY SALES.
F. B. Surrhyne reports the follow
ing sales: J. F. Sims to Sol Getz,
northwest line of Athens street. 150
feet northeast from China avenue,
150x100 feet, $350; Cunningham es-
T tate to Joseph Lae, store, four flats
| and lot 50x85 feet on the northeast
corner of Ninth and Bryant streets,
$12,500; J. F. Leddy to Georgia Rich
mond, west line of Twenty-eighth ave
nue, 275 feet south of I street, 25x120
feet, $175; McVerry estate to R. I.
Whelan, west line of Ninth street, 75
feet south" of Harrison, '75x100 feet,
$8250; Edwin Goodall to Otto Lang,
east line of Buena Vista avenue. 78
feet south of Waller street, 32x107 feet;
also south line of Waller street, 155
feet east of Buena Vista avenue, 28x
100 feet, $5750; Edwin Goodall to L.
Lang, east line of Buena Vista • aVe
j nue. 44:11 south of Waller street,
! 33:11x128, $4000;. Edwin Goodall to
1 F. M. de Lano, southwest corner of
Devisadero and Waller streets, 32x100
feet, $3900; Edwin Goodall to J.
Jacobson, east line of Buena Vista
avenue, 139 feet south of Waller
street, 30x128. $3750; J. Apple to
Margaret Wickes, three houses and lot
50x90 feet, 515-517-519 Webster street,
for $8500; J. W. Anderson to A.
I Brady, three flats and lot 24x100 feet,
3184-3186 Sixteenth street, $6000;
Wrangham &. Donnels to S. Pearl, the
northwest corner of Ashbury and
Haight streets, 25x100 feet, $7000.
Baldwin & Howell have sold for F.
H. Grannis 41xl2Si^ feet on the north
line of Sacramento street, 74 feet east
of Presidio avenue, with two new two
story buildings containing flats and a
market for $16,000; for Alexander
Bond, the property adjoining on the
i west of the Grannis holding. 40x98%,
with two stores and several flats that
bring in $100 a month, for $11,000;
for the United Railroads,* 100x98:9
feet on the west line of Presidio ave
nue, 25 feet north of Sacramento
street, and also 50x125 feet, on the
north line of Sacramento street, west
of Presidio avenue, for $15,500; to Dr.
Gustav Bressel, the northwest corner
of Vallejo and Baker streets, 50x62:6
feet. $13,500; for Willis E. Davis, the
northeast corner of. Filbert and Scott
streets to W. P. Plummer for $12,000.;
for William Frank to M. L. Milcovich,
22x8 8 feet on the west line of Steiner \
street, 53:3 south of Geary, with two- i
story frame building; 30x100 feet on :
the west line of Broderick street. 35 i
feet south of Green, for M. Meyer io i
Sophia Friedman for $2400; 25x95 feet
on the east line of Second avenue, j
south of Hugo street, for C. C. Cappel
man to J. W. and T. W. Simmie for
$lf)00.
W. B. McGerry & Co. report the
following sales: For J. Kearney to |
Mrs. Margaret Powellson, lot and im
provements north line of Eighteenth
street, 155 feet west of Church, 27:6x
138, three flats and cottage, for $9000; '
S. Drexfeld to M. Woltfogel, lot and
improvements east line York street,
100 feet south of Twenty-fifth, 30x100,
two flats, for $2500; Mrs. F. Reeske to j
M. Katz, lot and improvements east i
line Church street, between Four
teenth and Fifteenth, 25x125 and two
fiats; A. D. McLean to A, J. Enemark.
lot and improvements south line !
Twenty-third street, 111 feet west of j
Howard, lot 30x100, for $3500; J. H. i
Stephens to a client, lot and improve- i
ments south line Eighteenth street, !
235 feet east of Sanchez, 25x114; Mrs. |
M. Hanfeld to A. and R. Kummer- •
lander, lot and improvements north j
line Broadway, 263 feet east of ;
Leavenworth street, 22x137. two flats j
and cottage; S. Sturges to W. F. j
i Stubbs, lot and improvements south j
'line Twentieth street, 384 feet east of j
Castro, 25x115, for $4000; Marie'
Beerstecher to C. S. Schmidt, lot and i
improvements east line Steiner street, j
between Sacramento and Clay, 25x90; j
Carl Berg to Mrs. Kate Smith, lot and
improvements ,west line Florida street, j
between Twenty-first and Twenty-sec
ond, 25x100, for $3500.
Lyon & Hoag report the following as.
some of their recent sales: Lot on the
west side of Masonic avenue, 75 feet
south of Page street, 25x90 feet, for j
$3000. for A. C. Karski to John Burns; j
southeast corner of Sixteenth^and Pros
per streets, 30x103 feet, for $4500, for j
William Hull to Annie Meyer; lot on j
the south side of Elizabeth street, 75 j
feet west of Vlcksburg, 25x114 feet.from i
Addle M. Stanley to Laura Schwartz,
for $2750; lot on the north side of Wal
ler street, 145 feet east of Clayton, 25x
137:6 feet, to W. C. Pennycook, for
$2750; lot on the east line of Diamond!
street, 110 feet north of Twentieth, 55x j
125 feet, for $2000;. northeast corner of |
Fourth avenue and A street, 25x82:6
feet; lot on the south line of Twenty
third street, 72:6 feet west of Shotwell,
31:6x100 feet, for $2500; lot on the east
line of Second avenue, 175 feet north of
Continued on Page 52, Column 1.
Pretty Works of Art
Can novr be framed, in the new artis
tflb designs in picture frame mouldings
at very moderate prices. They come in
the 1 latest finishes and shapes, together
with exclusive styles in ready-made
frames, in ovals, circles and square. New
tinted ' and colored mat boards, with
binding papers to match. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. - •
Distribution of Prizes.
The annual entertainment and dis
tribution! of prizes will take placed in
the'gymnasium hall of the Pacific He
brew Orphan Asylum at 2 o'clock this
afternoon. The presentations "will , be
made by S. W. Levy, president of the
home, -^n interesting programme of
vocal a W instrumental music has been
arrange £
" For Your Best Girl.
fciDony romo i anu oruEa seis, toilet
fases.\ triplicate hand mirrors and a won
derful variety of beautiful" toilet articles.
SanbJrn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
1i fliliS And every boy purchasing his Christmas Suit or Overcoat $
l^^^^^^^S^WP^^^ Monday will receive from us a : |
iMwMH^H Grand Gun Metal Watch Free I
i^^ki'^S^^^^^ with his suiT OR WITH HIS ° vercoat - %
h H And bear in mind this watch is not a plaything or a toy, but ©^
«* ■ 'H^^y^***# P 3 * gi* expensive watch. It is quite an .elaborate affair that any m
j| H TDME v 0 boy can feel proud in owning.
S M^^ g^^ i w4«ewa x 'taa l ' i^^^^( Some Extraordinarily low prices in the Boys' Ciothing Depart-
ff ffl^£SiwGMmmwms*xa^. m g n t Monday— values that will do louder talking than words in
I 5 / print.
I i * ** Is^il thev will bs snapped up in short order, as ft
'I ~d*?wi they are actual $5.00 Jackets that will be sold j*
■ ' A> *~*"^ v ;f\ *° the first 500 comers, in the prettiest of Two. jl
■ jm if .^Hpf ft3?| CLOTH JACKETS |
I f^^m^^^m' > CIotrVTckels °which e are e the vtrV tetest^d f
f fe^SW^HBlflt^ most swasher i^ea in Jacket Cloths, built on S
I tl^®^ '"Vsr^t ' ' % our late Holiday Model in the double tone effect,
'j I?;; f" f . ; // 7 -Jfp k "' - Men's Fancy Hose
I Men's Pajamas Men's Neckwear Special I
$ We bunched together soms high-grade Pa- * We have grouped together an assortment of 150 J
I jamas that sold for #3.50 to J52.5O, in Flannelettes, doz f n ! fln^ En ? l ! sh o Sq 1^ reS iH n f^«f generous scarf, |
a J ' and also the late Hobday ldea^ in the Four-in-Hand. &
f Sateen and Madras Cloths. Military Gut. Your The colorings are very smart, in fact represent every f
S unrestricted choice of over 20 dozen, Monday at new weave and shade that is rich and popular. Goods t
5 that have sold up to $1.00 will be on sale Monday at Z
I $2 00 St. %(\ I
I Fancy Vests *Ke Home of the smoking jacket, Traveling I
;[ Son,e very excellent | DRESSING GOWN and LOUNGING ROBE g ags ? |
'f ■ . things in Men's Vests ■ mM^ - '• ■■ - ■ ' i A
1 r' which are appropriate 1 —^^g^*^^^S^^ "***^S^^ T^F*PQQ ■ »
S^&lj^^Se .num.— — - — — - Aim, cn^t. «l#^ ,_ , ,. JRi^SPaE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
5152
Greatest Variety of Prices
and Styles. Small Month*
Jy Payments for Those Who
Wish. *.#*&'* \*.
Jin Absolute Guarantee.
Ho not purchase a Piano under any circum-
stances until you have called on us. The reason
wilt be plain when you come. ■ * * * * *
(Established 1850.)
(The Largest Music House on the Coast.)
Cor. Post* ai\d Kearny Streets
WEEK'S REALTY SULK SMM.L.
Continucd 1-Yom l*a$ro 51, Column 3.
A street, 25x100 feet, for $1000, for the
Bay District Land Company to Mar
girerite Watson; lot and improvements
on the north side of Fourteenth street,
116 feet east of Devisadero. 25x90 feet.
for 1 the Realty Improvement Company
to C. E. English, for $4500; lot on the
west side of Castro street, 140 feet north
of Fourteenth, 27:6x90 feet, for $1600,for
the Realty Improvement Company to
Thomas C. Neal; lot on the east line of
Second avenue, 200 feet north of A
street, 25x120 feet, for the Bay District
Land Company to M. Levy, for $1000;
lot on the west side of Devisadeio
street, 110 feet north of Fourteenth,
25x80 feet, for $1800, for the Realty Im
provement Company. The same firm re
ports an active demand for and sale of
lots in Mill Valley.
MINOR TRANSACTIONS.
Minor sales by Thomas Magee & Sons
have been made as follows: For Cyril
R. and Joseph O. Tobin to L. R. Fulda,
for $1900, the northeast corner of Twen
ty-ninth avenue and A street, fronting
189:2x375 feet, and the southwest cor
ner of Twenty-ninth avenue and A
street, fronting 127 feet on A street and
251 feet on Twentr-ninth avenue; to
John T. Harmes for Anna C. Shoning,
lot on the east line of Spruce street.
100:2 feet north of Clay, 27:6x107:6 feet;
for H. H. Haight, a block of land in the
University Mound Homestead, fronting
on Silver avenue and Hamilton, Sifli
man and Bowdoin streets, for $3600,the
buyers to cut the block up and sell it
in small residence lots; for Charles K.
Harley to Herbert F. Mann, for $2900,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hew to Cure Buzzing, Ringing Sounds
In the Ears.
>«^ Do'you have buz-
>^»^ zing, ringing noises
>&^<£S35S*^ In your head * and
ff^tf^B^K^ A <;1IS '-'l I s 'here :i
WtS^uv' ' J^J\ snapping in your I
/-'/'it r' >C^ft?^l ears when you blow j
U fi)m JW$$Ws»l >' our nos(?? rhen
I'Bl/a iff^lrf'itSr^ Jou liave Catarrh in
I'S'i t^^ta^^L your oar passages,
ViV\ K&touiiirffHJk. and your Eustach-
\'\i wMfz? ian Tubes— the pas-
\'\ r? sages from tne
\' \ •^SfiBv'^ throat to the ears —
V »\ *?riK' are dosing up. You
l>' : rj may have no dis-
V* 1^'^ ••>£ charge froin the
\t-£ .v-'a nose or throat, but
\$v ZjjLf the delicate inner
parts of the ear are
steadily bejng .de-
Btroyc-d. Those irritating noises show
liow dangerous the. trouble is becoming.
As they ;?ro\v worse they often worry
people ir.to nervous prostration and in-
sanity. There's one thinr certain — Head
anil Ear noises are always the forerun-
ners of loss cf hearing. ITeelect the
trouble in your ear ns-ssures and deaf-
ness is the cure re salt.
C«?l rid of your head noises now and
forever. Ti.ey can be cured. Write to-
day to Deafness Specialist Sproule. the
famous authority on ail ear troubles. He
will jl\v you
Medical Advice Free
On this trouble. It's just the help you
need. He'll tell you without any ciiarge
whatever how to drive away the noises
and havo clear, distinct, perfect hearing.
Ansner the questions, yes or no, write
your name and address plainly on the.
dotted lines, cut out the Free Medical
Advic<* Coupon and n?Hil it at .once to
Deafness Specialist Sproule. 165 Trade
Bnlldirr. Bcrton. , 1fc3
FRC£ KEQICAL ADVICE COUPQH
Do your tart throb T
Do your tar* /eel fall f
It your hearing Jailing T
Do the turitft troubU you at rJghXT
It the to'uhd eoTneliaict a buzzing one?
It the sound tometimet a ringing ontT
Are the notiet wort* when you kau a coldT
Do your tort crack xthtn you blow your notef
NAME :
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
OF AHATOHY?
0 S& is5ix«r.msT.fcrt.attm.s.r.cri. A
\ J*-' *-»**«« AMtninl Museum in the \
fi mcAbwi Worii. Wr»ir.e>»rt or -i.r twnr«a-i! A
J k2 IS? c ■'•*"• F»»««»»'»y «■«•<■. by tke oldeit Y
O IjESl <» Cent lHL3«re*M. Q
A §f$ll DB. JOROAH-QISEASEg OF KEN A
O I iSvt E T '"*"»««t per*oM.!i» or b» Irner. A A ,
v K W Tl ■ ■ ft "* < "« C"" •■ arery esse cr.drrt»Vrn. T
A Pit HA Write fn, p™-k. pniLOKOml.f A
V * .1 HI B4URIACI:, MAILED FXKfc. ( A V
X Q Q. *»luebte Ixxik lor Cirn) BBHB>^ > \ ;
V DB. JOBPAJt 4<-O, 1061 Mr.rketSt..8. F. C
ADVERTISE3I ENTSJ
lot and improvements on the west line
of Twenty-fifth avenue, 238 feet north
of Lake street, 104x120 feet; for Mrs.
Virginia Vanderbllt to H. G. Meyer, the
southeast corner of California street
and Twenty-third avenue, 80x120 feet;
to Leopold Weinstein, Abe and Charles
Rosenstein and the Jacob Heyman
Company, seventeen lots in the People's
Homestead Association, South San
Francisco, for Gustave, Adolph and
Rudolph Mayrisch and George Nelle, as
follows: Lots 18, 22, 23, 24, 25. 26, 27. 31
and 32 in Block No. 5; lots 27 and 28 in
block 8, and lots 23, 31 and 32 in block
11, and lot on the south side of Thir
tieth avenue South, 150 feet east of II
street, 75x100 feet, for $1700.
The following sales have been made by
the Burnham & Marsh Company: P. F.
McGlynn to R. 'O. Hoffman, 25x83 feet
on the northwest corner of Eighteenth
and Church streets. $3500; L. and B.
Canopa to R. C. Clapp. south line of
Stark street. 77 feet east of Stockton,
40x57:6 feet, with brick building renting
for $68 a month, for $4500; Maria Law
ler to Morris Goldstein, south line of
Folsom street, 123 feet east of Thir
teenth, 24x180 feet, with house, for $3800.
Recent sales by G. H. Umbsen &
Co. include the following: For B.
Badaracco. the southeast corner of
Twenty-third and Douglass streets, 25*
x89, with improvement?, *$ 5000 ;'r for
the Hibernia Bank, the southwest cor
ner of Twenty-eighth and Noe streets,
330x126:6, $4100; for Charles R. Wil
son, 25x80 and improvements on the
north line of Nineteenth street, 125
feet east of Castro, $2150; for H. C.
Donnell, the northwest corner of
Scott and Waller streets. 25x100 feet,'
with improvements, $7000.
Landgrebe, McNevin & Co. report
the following sales: Samuel Glass to
Samuel Axelrod, 25x125 feet and three
flats at 484, 486 and ,488 Franklin
street, $11,750; the Abraham estate
to Anna D. Joost, lots 3 and 4 in block
4, and lots 4 and 11 in block 19 of
the Market-street Homestead Associa
tion, and the southeast corner of Mon
tana and Plymouth streets, 100x125
feet, from Hattie B. Steele to Anna D.
Joost.
Through the agency of Bovee, Toy
& Co. William Helbing has "sold to
Jacob. Bernhard 31x117:6 feet an'l
eight flats at Twenty-second and Do
lores streets for S 17, 500. The same
agents have sold the property on the
south line of Post street, 183:5 feet
west of Mason, for $26,000 to a client.
G. H. Umbsen &. Co. h;ive sold the
southeast corner of Golden Gate ave
nue and Franklin street, 55x120 feet,
with improvements, for Mrs! A. L.
Villegla to a client on private terms.
BIG BUILDINGS PLANNED.
Among: the more important build
ings to be erected at once in this city
are a seven-story and basement brick
building for Mrs. lleda F. Frear, to
cost $60,000, to be placed on the
south line of Ellis street, 82:6 feet east
of Jones; a ■ five-story brick factory
building on the northwest corner of
Twentieth and Harrison streets for
the Brunswick, Ealko, Collender Com
pany to cost $40,000; a brick theater
structure on the north line of McAl
lister street, betv/eon Jones and Leav
enworth. to cost S25, 000.
The Von Rhein Real Estate Com
pany has sold the southwest corner of
Bush and Taylor streets, 45:6x68:9
leet, for Frank W. Fuller to A. Muess
dorfcr for $30,000 as the site of a six
story brick apartment-house to cost
$50,000. -
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales: 135:10x125 on the southeast
corner of C street and Forty-fifth
avenue to C. C. and G. Barre; 25x120
on the west line of Forty-fifth avenue,
200 feet south of K street, to Sidney
Hunn; 25x120 on the west line of For
ty-fifth avenue. 200 feet north of I
street, to R. T. Welch; 30x120 on the
east line of Thirty-eighth avenue, 225
feet north of S street, to P. L; Jen
nings; 50x120 feet. on. the west line
of Forty-seventh; avenue, 225 feet
south of H street, to J. W. Jameson;
25x120 on the west line of Forty
reventh avenue, 225 feet~south of 11
Eireet to G. W. Quinn; 25x120 on the
west line, of Forty-fifth avenue, 22.V
feet south of K street, to John Gor
covich; 25x120 on the northwest cor
ner of Brasil avenue and Madrid
jstreet, to Wilhelmlna Boock.
Sales . have been made by the Realty
Syndicate,- as follows: In the Central
Piedmont and , Piedmont .-_ Springs
tracts, 100x125 feet on Montecito av
enue, near Blair, to E' O. : Palen, : who
•will build in the spring; lot 52x116 feet
on the corner of Hillside avenue and
Park way, to J. W. Doubleday;»lot 60x
.201 feet on-Draecena avenue, to TV. D.
Reas; lot 125x123 feet on the corner of
Estralla and Ramona avenues, to L. C.
/Williams; lot 94x150 .feet 1 on the corner
of Hillside "and" Blair 'avenues^ to ,Wal-
THE ' SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER; 18. 1904.
ter Wayte; lot 175x150 feet on Sheridan
and Sierra avenues, to- R. Chapman,
and lot 100x130 feet on Sheridan and
Highland avenues, to Gravllle Abbott.
H. P. Umbsen has been appointed
referee in the partition sale and is or
dered to sell at public auction to the
highest bidder the property on the
southwest corner of Eleventh and
Market streets, having a frontage of
275 feec on Market by 275 feet on
Eleventh. The Market street front
age is now covered with stores and
flats. This property is directly oppo
site Van Xess avenue and practically
tlie center of the city. Preparations
are now being made for the sale of
the property, which will be advertised
in due time. This holding controls
the entire block.
SUBURBS AND COUNTRY.
Lots in San Mateo Park have been
sold during the week by Baldwin &
Howell as follows: No. 71 to Thomas
H. Meek, for $1600; to Charles W. Bee-
Sle, No. 165, on- Crescent avenue, 230x
250 feet, for $1COO; No. 217, at the inter
section of Warren road and Costa Rica
avenue, to Louis Weber, for $1000; lot
No. 2, in the Hayward Addition, was
sold to A. Armstrong, for $1600; at the
same price Mark E. O'Hara bought lot
No.. 3. These lots front on B street, 50x
100 feet. •!,%.. .-■•• i
' Chatfield, Vihzent "ft-'Co. have sold
three houses and lots on Seventh street,
Oakland, near Adeline, for $6000; a
lot on Parker street, Berkeley, for $2500.
The same brokers have also'sold coun
try properties as follows: 250 acres of
reclaimed marsh land in Marin County,
twenty-six miles from San j Francisco,
to Antonio and Manuel Wandos, for
$12,500, of which tract 100 acres will be
planted experimentally with asparagus;
700 acres in Napa County, four miles
from St. Helena, for J. H. Simpson to
W. G. Whittle of Oakland, for $12,000;
1460 acres in Lake County to A. W.
Morris for W. P. Grunder, for $14,600;
S6 acres on Petaluma Creek, Marin
County, for E. T. Fenton to E. Garto,
for $5000; 114 acres in Glenn County for
James T. Cummings to Charles T. Lar
sen, for $9320. , "* '
Colonel Menton, manager of the coun
try department of Burnham & Marsh
Company, Is now in Mexico completing
plans for colonizing a large tract there,
the particulars of which will soon be
announced.
Carelessly Stepped Off Street Car.
William Beckerstaff. a resident of
Mill Valley, who stepped off an east
bound Market-street car at Grant ave
nue yesterday, sustained serious in
juries by which he may lose his leg.
Beckerstaff stepped off while,.tb.e car
was in motion. He was iiictfcixvn in
front of the car and his left" lejr was
broken in. two places. .When he was
removed" v to the Emergency Hospital
Dr. C. W. Millar set the broken bones.
It is doubtful whether the limb can be
saved, so severe are the breaks.
Concert at. Mills College.
OAKLAND,: Dec. 17.—^-The closing
concert of 'the term at Mills College
will be given at Lisser Hall on Tues
day evening. December 20. An excel
lent programme has been prepared,
which will commence at 7:30 o'clock.
The concert will be one of the last
events of the present term. I
A D VERTISEMENTS.
" Cr.L^BRATCC *O
Strengthen the stomach and
digestive organs by taking
a dose of the Bitters before
meals and you need not fear
Heartburn, B I bating,-
Nausea. Indigestion,
Dyspepsia or Constipa-
tion. Try it, to-day ; also
get a free copy of our 1 905
Almanac from your Drug 7
gist It contains much ■in-
teresting reading ; matter. \
STOCK MARKET
CLOSES WEAK
Downward Tendency of
Amalgamated Copper Has
Influence on Securities
STEEL EEMAIXS STRONG
Prices Begin to Droop Aft
er the Appearance of the
Statement of the Banks
XEVV YORK, Dec. 17.— The stock
market gave evidence^ of further
strength and growth of confidence to
day, but when Amalgamated Copper
began to run down hill in the final
transactions the whole market
promptly responded, thus demon
strating the influence still held in the
market by that stock and by the oper
ations that have recently centered ln
It. The closing was in consequence
weak, the most conspicuous strength
of the day being shown by the United
States Steel stocks, regarding which
there were many reports current of an
intended resumption of speculative
operations for a rise as well as of large
orders for steel rails and other pro
ducts.
The announcement of the reorgani
zation plan of the United States
Leather Company was the signal of
some heavy selling of those stocks,
which seemed to indicate dissatisfac
tion with the plan on the part of the
stockholder. . The weakness of these
shares had some sentimental effect on
the general list and the advancing ten
dency with which the market opened
was not resumed when support was
offered to the Leather stocks. The
final selling movement left many
stocks below last night. The move
ment was rather narrow throughout,
except in special stocks, for the most
not of first importance.
The $22,000,000 loan contraction
disclosed by the bank statement was
the result of the stock market liquida
tion of the latter part of last week and
the first part of this- week. The nomi
nal change in the cash item was about
as expected. The raising of the sur
plus reserve item by over $5,000,000
to above the figure of the correspond
ing week for two years past need not
be a matter of indifference With gold
exports in progress and the end-year
requirements approaching. But the
extreme ease of the present money
market leads to neglect of the figures
of the bank statement either way. It
was after the appearance of the state
ment that prices began to droop. Ster
ling exchange was strong and rose 25
points. Total sales • of bonds, par
value, $2,030,000.
Christmas Toilet Sets.
Toilet sets in staghorn, celluloid and
fine leather cases. $1.00. $2.00, $3.00,
?4.00, $5.00, $10.00 and $20.00 .each. .As
usual we have. the greatest variety and.
the best values of good things; also hand;
standing: and triplicate mirrors for hand
some, and useful Christmas presents.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street •
Seeking Man'' From' Lodi
OAKLAND, Dec. 17. — Efforts are j
being made by the local police to find '
John A. Pederick, who- is wanted in ,
Lodi because of the interest he has in j
an important civil suit, which is to;
come up for trial In that town on. the
23d inst. J. M. Murphy, an attorney
of Lodii has written to Chief of Police I
Hodgkins that Pederick came to this i
city last summer to work for the tel- !
ephone company. »
There is Always Something New
In the tints and shapes of our pretty,
boxes of writing papers. We havo just '
received some new shipments that are
far prettier than have come out before,
but the prices are not a. bit higher. San
born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. • •
Funeral of 3Ilss Miller.
OAKLAND. Dec. 17.— The funeral
of the late Miss Rosalie B. Miller, sis
ter of Superior Judge Frank B. Og
den, will be held from the Ogden resi
dence, 1175 Alice street, to-morrow
afternoon at 1 o'clock.
PALACE HOTEL, SAX
FRANCISCO, CAL.
More Comfortable Than Ever— Steam
Heat in. AH the Rooms.
Always to the front, alive to everything
that will add to the comfort and pleasure
of the guests, the management has, -for
Sfveral months,' been busily engaged iiir
stalling a steam , heating plant in this
wonderful hotel. A radiator will be placed
ln every room and one can choose which
ever kind of heat is wished, as each room
has an open fireplace. Very many prefer
the upen ■ fires — do not like . the . dry heat
made by steam— and thus this. hotel, built
years ago, possesses advantages of which
the houses of modern times cannot boast.
The radiation is suited to the size of the
room, large radiators for the outside
rooms, small ones for the connecting inner
rooms and medium size for r .the rooms
facing on the. open courts.
Many, of the rooms have been refur
nished — new carpets put down— new baths
supplied here and there— and the walls
newly papered and decorated. With the
unusually- large rooms -comrortably fur
nished and steam heated, the famous
PAL/ACE HOTEL, will compare most fav
orably with the hotels of recent date and
will certainly, as of yore, uphold its title
undisputed." ?' . ~~ ;•.'".'■ '
The beautiful court with its 'handsome
furniture and rugs— its palms and myriads
of electric lights— Is always most impres
sive. Palatial! is indeed 'the expression
heard from every new guest who enters
here.
At the extreme end of this court is the
celebrated Paim Cafe, one of the many
noted restaurants in we Palace Hotel;
noted not alone for the quantity of the
quickly served, food but also for the
quality. . .
One important feature in this hotel,
riot noticed in hotels erected at this date,
-is the great space "devoted exclusively to
the comfort of its guests— a space so
vast • that .several banquets and parties
may be in progress at the same time, yet
not -inter fere .-with, each ,; other, nor with
the hotel's regular, routine business.' :.The
large colonial. ballroom," used at times for
banquets,- and at others as a' recreation
room for the ladies— the famous f Marble
and Maple rooms— the Empire Parlor and
the Louis XIV Reception Room all serve
to make this hotel deserve Its title— "The
Palace.'! t . :
'The room service Is almost perfect since
the introduction of. the telephone system.
Through ; a . central office ln , the hotel the
guest ■ can * convey his wishes ; to : the clerk , J
as well as talk to any one on the outside.
■ A direct 'telegraph wire, brings the. New
York and Chicago Stock Exchanges to
the very doors, and the Palace Hotel, al
though built some time ago, is to-day as
complete as those houses of most recent
date. ''SHHBIBMBrafBaa'jiUKUnnBKg
-Midway between the retail , and whole
sale \ districts, ; convenient to all : theaters,
as well as depots and docks, a short. ride
to .the park and the \ beach^ the PALACE
HOTEL, is indeed the. Ideal hotel of the
West ' •"■<':.' '
EGYPT'S DUST
IS EXPLORED
University Scientists Ee
: port, Eesults of : Eecent
> Excavations They ; 3Iade
CEMETERIES LAID OPEX
Valuable Collections of An
tiquities Are Obtained by
Dr.. .Reisner for State
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 17.
Announcement was made by the uni
versity authorities to-day that full re
ports have been received of the work
of thi? Egyptian expedition In 1903-04
under the direction of Dr. George A.
Reisner of the university's department
of anthropology. Mrs. Phoebe Hearst
provided funds for^the expenses of the
expedition, which continued the explo
rations of the four years previous. The
results obtained are described as highly
satisfactory, and the expedition is re
garded as a success.
A concession covering one-third of the
field at the great pyramids ofGizeh was
granted the expedition, the other con
cessions being held by the Italian and
German governments. One hundred
and eleven native workmen were set to
clearing the main cemetery on the con
cession, while twenty-four picked men
maide a preliminary excavation of a
small adjacent cemetery, which it was
necessary to cover later with soil re-'
moved from the larger excavation. The
soil, which was removed by means of a
portable railway, was mainly drift
sand, which appeared to have accumu
lated without being disturbed since
soon after the completion of the ceme
tery, at the end of the seventh dynasty,
several thousand years before Christ.
The cemetery consisted of a large
aggregation of mastabas. the pyramid
shaped tombs characteristic of the
early periods of Egyptian civilization.
Through the present excavations, in
conjunction with those previously made
by the expedition at other sites, it is
now possible to trace clearly the devel
opment of the mastaba from pre
dynastic times to the sixth dynasty.
The main cemetery excavated was laid
out in the reign of Cheops, the builder
of the great pyramid, in the fourth dy
nasty, and burials continued to be made
in it until the seventh dynasty.
Among 'the great mass of valuable
material found are six inscribed stelae,
a number of offering stones of the
fourth and fifth dynasties and a num
ber of statues of single persons and
married couples. Among the earliest of
these figures, going back to the reign
of Cheops, Is a white stone head of
Ka-nofer of remarkably fine execution,
two stelae of the Lady Nofer and of
Khufu-nekht, both of these probably
cousins of the King, and a carved and
painted limestone stela. From a period
slightly later is a magnificent painted
limestone group, Sennuw and his wife,
and a seated group in white limestone
of Hotopi and Renpet-nofret.
A finely finished but much decayed
wooden statue was found leaning
against the southern end of a stone
coffin.. A scribe's palette in red and
black ink on white plaster gives a list
of Kings, gods and cities. Of especial
importance are two inscribed and one
painted offering chamber. Excavations
were also made by Drs. Lythgoe_ and
Mace, under the direction of Dr. Reis
ner, at Naga-ed-Der. One cemetery
excavated brought to light Coptic
mummies, dated by means of coins to
the period of Justinian, of the sixth
century after Christ. These are of
scientific importance on account of the
curious method . of wrapping and of
general interest on account of the
finely ornamented embroideries with
which they are surrounded.
Another cemetery at this iocation
is remarkable both for its antiquity,
which goes back many centuries be
fore the time of the cemetery at Gizeh,
being in great part of the period
known as pre-dynastic, and for the re
markable state of preservation of the
objects found, especially of the human
remains. A special study is being
made of these remains, which will fur
nish priceless data i'or the determina
tion of the racial characteristics of the
earliest inhabitants of Egypt, the peo
ple who originated the civilization
which for thousands of years later was
only developed and maintained. ;
Valuable collections of potteries,
flint " knives, beads, ornaments, combs
and other antiquities' were secured
here. The excavations have been con
cluded and the valuable collections ob
tained are being packed for shipment
to the university, where they will form
p'art of the Museum of Anthropology.
Dr. Reisner and Ills assistants are
now at work preparing the results of
their explorations ;for publication.:,; It
is expected that their reports will
occupy several volumes, which will ap
pear in the university's series of pub
lications on Egyptian archaeology.
WILL PAY THE MONEY :
HELD BY EX-MAYOR SNOW
Fidelity Company Gives Xotlee It Will
Refund Commissions Retained by
Him Wlillc Auditor.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— The Fidelity
and Deposit Company of Maryland, as
bondsman for. former Mayor . R. W.'
Show, . has. sent a communication to
City Attorney McElroy that it will
pay. the judgment gained by a recent
decision of the Supreme Court against
Snow for $1900, with interest.
Snow,, while occupying the office of
Auditor and ex-officio Tax Collector
for the city, retained about $8000 of
the personal property tax he collected
as commission. The . city was slow
In bringing suit against him for the
recovery of ' the money and $6000 of,
the claim was outlawed. The Superior
Court held he was not entitled to the
amount sued for; and this decision has
been affirmed.
■'.'■■ ' — » ♦ ■ •
Court Lectures Lads.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 17.^ — With a se
vere lecture, City Justice R. B. Tap
panto-day dismissed Ben Dixon, Per
cy Dixon, Burgess Metzgar and
Adolph', Luderman; boys, for alleged
thefts of candy from the ; store of
Chris Spanos : on Park street. . The
court* did not : consider the evidence
sufficient ... to warrant serious -" charges
being ■ placed ■ against the - lads. %
BIG GOLD STRIKE
Like the Golden '50's
Nevada County's Early Placer Bonanza to Be the
Scene of Activity Once More
Three to Fire Foot *ed*e of Gold fc Th^"»"'^ chedule wllf *" *' '^ *
Quarts Opened Up On the Osceola Prop- th i" "£££„? ' No. shares. Monthly wm't
erty. To be developed at once by the In^w ioo * 2 ;>o
Osceola Mining and Development Com- »;2 60 rj~ 12 W>
pany of San Francisco. Shaft of 40 feet \~> SJ| 750 • Jt M
depth produces Gold values running 2V) (K> 10 °° ... ,. **J? ,
from ,10 00 to *» OO per ton. tt *l^V2&?& --'"n Srt
EABLT KISTOET. iT^-ht future .Tf the rrcp-rty. t O> reth«r with
In the early '00s the Osceola property and f^^a,, s lan »»™« t^itJS a S2an* B «iSi PO i.
ravine was considered by mining men to be one tunity for the man °/ J' 1 ™*? him since the
jtt the most productive placer fold mining Probably never was caened^to.^lm^mce
propositions in Nevada County, the then, as r* 1 " 1 * "° r ?, 1 * ", * la 8U ch paralleled oppor-
vrell as to-day, banner »ald-producln«r county ™!^m£b that baa built up our Western men of
of the State of California, several hundred c»Xl A» the tt^ Umit on the dl^mon
thousand dollars having been realized in Osceo- of the Osceola stock _is s ~ h^ y taki
la ravine alone by the crude proce» in u. 3 at Jt Revolve- g°«J b ? ot 3ZS i *ot t^Take any
that Ume. Various mining engineers now state "E-^-ojf deTay
that without doubt all gold panned or taken c Prominent Citlsen» Say I
from Osceola ravine ln the early days was v»vada City Cal., May 11. 1904.
simply the washings from the ledges on tin* undersigned' are well acquainted
P r °P crt y- ' ' wllh th- RoS«n »5 Ready Mining District of
DeTelopment Work. Nevada County. It has for many ynnmata-
Arrangem«nts are now beinr made to slsk a tained a high reputation for its "c&ness and
two-compartment shaft on the vein to the pez nianency. and we believe that it has the
depth of BOO feet. IVe will also run levels both very be«t pro«p*ct» for the f"tur*.
east and west from each lOO-foot station and W e are well acquainted with the "'*<*▼ °r
drive a tunnel into the hill to develop east ore the Osceola mine. In that district, and ha\e a
shoots. Arrangements for hoisting machinery high opinion of its values. It ha* produced a
and a modern stamp mill for the reduction of e r ? a t amount of gold, yielding f rom tne grass
ore and such other improvements as are neces- root*. We believe that with ad eauat e m»-
sary are under way and will be installed a* chlnery and proper management It *iu speea-
soon as possible. . Uy become a dividend payer.
Co«t of Production. J\+J*u-~ ft***}*.
The cost of production, according to our en- . / Vav '
glnecrs 1 reriort. will not exceed *3 Der ton. \*rrC*A2L~m-e.J*^/ Z 7 .. . . . /»•, /^ rfrr ,.,
Particular attention Is called to the arndavlt -w^c-i^— »«*-./--»- % ~~*' f y^2i ft /A
of Mr! C. W. Porterfleld. a mining man of OLPffJ y ' / &LZZ£lU7* : P\ '
; many years' standing, and possessing the high- (/"),{■ \Ik£^>C*7^- *'* m " —^ J S
. est integrity, who Is now personally giving /7s^X J*-
i his entire time and experience to the- develop- r\Mr '. Jri&jr *t/£ZZ*-»~ ' *
I ment of thla wonderful property. .-/.' \sJyjS*2 tV/l^T^-^ ' ,*
Affidavit of C. W. Porterfleld. CZl£r^&7^~ ** &-£*><<{*— -*
st^.n < ci S c c o! Uf ,r la ' aty and County cf "" yft$Z^(u»»4b^
I. C. W. Porterfiold. being duly sworn, de- { U~a ,Q. / /f, f> ~'!<*PiL-W % t- *--4. -
j pose and say: That I am employed by the \ s W.S.Ut*f&*y* t -' tu -f —J~~~'~— m - -\
! Os^ecla MinUTg and Development Company as > ' _. f/.j* f*~f.sCjfii'j G->ur.r*f*n.
chief engineer. That In my official capacity
I have examined In detail the extent and /f\*l> r ' 7/ x - ,
workings of said mines. I firmly believe that O, C Cp- ,M faJAr <u23H«*«y.
when they are properly opened up they will (J. Iff- <<>»« **-*-**ft M - r
be on a level with the best paying mines ln . (V,j r\ Q <* ///c/A^-jcJ^^.
the district. Further, that a high reputation — 'vff >fy**«*^ <a^^<a .*^^^»>
for Its richness and permanency will be main- y*^ y yi
tained. and that it has the very beat prospects > — < fj T -w— *«i—
for the future. Protection to investor*.
1 In witness whereof. I have hereunto set my The Osceola Mining and Development Corn-
hand and seal this 8th day of September. 1904. pany was formed with men at its head wnowe
(Signed) C. W. PORTERFIELD. honesty and business integrity cannot be que»-
Sutscrlbed and worn to before me this 8th tloned. and who would noV identify themselye*
day of September. 1004. with anything that bad not merit and trutl^to
CARMEN D. BRADFORD. recommend it. il_.l ...
Notary Public In and for the City and County Every care has been taken for the protection
of San Francisco. State of California. 1 s , - of the small Investors. The articles of in-
_. . -._.* m corporation and the by-laws of th« company
. -- :, ■. StOOX Xilmltsa. make the stock absolutely non-assessable.
At a recent meeting of the Board of Dlrec- jf there are any readers of this paper who
tors it was arranged for the sale of a limited dtnire to stand In. ln a small way. on this
amount of the treasury stock at a price and wonderfully rich mine they are «dvis#d to
upon terms which will be within the reach wr jt e a. C. Porterfleld. Secretary and Treas-
< of every person struggling to better his flnan- urer Osceola Mining and Develbpment Com-
l dal condition. pany Room 414. Crossley Building. San Fran-
The purpose of the company In offering thi» clscol and arrangements will be made to get a
stock for Hale Is to enable It to carry out the f ew " nf th>m In on this desirable mine,
recommendation of its experts, knowing that Mass affidavits and Information re-
by purchasing the mining machinery and g ard ing' the property will be furnished
equipment It will be In a pesttion to quickly f *. " -inon i aDDlicatlon
reduce the vast ore bodies as they are hoisted fr «« u P° n application. ....
from the mine. Reference to Prominent Stockholders.
It was determined at this meeting to place a President, C. P.-Wells, 414 Crossley building,
limited amount of the treasury stock upon the Vice President. U S. Calkins. Editor and
market, and that the price be 23 cents a share. Proprietor "Nevada County Miner."
Ln order to "»1ve the small investor every op- Secretary end Tressurer, A. C. Porterfleld.
portunlty and encouragement to place his sav- 414 Crossley Building.
Ings in a- safe and conservative war. it was Director. S. N. Osbcrae. expert accountant,
felt by the Board that It should jrtve the 410 Kearny street. San Francisco,
helping hand by offering time payments in th* Director. G. J. Rector, Cashier of the Nevada
way of monthly installments. This course was County Bank.
! decided upon for a short time only. a« they Chief Engineer and Superintendent. C. W.
I felt that the demand for stock under such con- Porterfleld, for years interested ln mining in
: dltlons would be greater than they could afford California.
I to dlocse cf at this low firure and payment*. Consulting Enzineer. TT. W. Waggoner.
I By this plan one can buy 106 sharrs at 25 State Debris Commissioner,
cents, or a total of ?25 OO. and pay for It ln Director and Attorney, E. B. Power. Deputy
ten monthly payments .of $2 SO a month. Attorney General. California.
EPISCOPAL PARISHES
SELECT VESTRYMEN
Oakland Churches Choose New Boards
of Officers to Serve for the
Ensulnff Year.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17. '- — Vestrymen to
serve for the ensuing year have been
elected by the local Episcopal par
ishes, as follows:
St. Paul's — Charles H. Wood, Henry
C. Taft, Brace Hayden, Sam Breck,
Charles R. Jones. James H. Wallace.
W. A. Barker, Fred Magee, Nicholas
Acker, Silva Farnham.
Church of the Advent — Asa L.
White, William F. Albright, Edwin S.
Hough, S. A. Goodfellow, Charles
Henderson, Dr. O. L. Jones, Dr. A. K.
Crawford.
St. John's^ — Newton H. Barry, C. K.
King-, G. E. Arrowsmith. Clifton
Kroll, H. H. Hassard, George E. Jack
sbp, Oliver H. Beers.
Trinity — Joseph Sanders, H. M.
Sanborn, John Hampton, L. J. Le
Conte. G. M. Daub, Julien Mathleu,
Dr. Benjamin Bakewell, J. S. Jenks,
Rev. Clifton Macon.
Ladies' Guild Elects Officers.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17. — The Ladies'
Guild of the Frultvale Presbyterian
Church has elected the following of
ficers for the ensuing term: President,
Mrs. William Churchman; vice presi
dent, Mrs. B. M. Palmer; recording
secretary, Mrs. George Bristol; finan
cial secretary, Mrs. H. P. Fletcher:
treasurer, Mrs. A. Kinkenstedt. The
chairman of the social committee is
Mrs. F. O. Erwln.
er?y payment?
Lj £S5**flSS*C "WiUow Bocker — Just as pic- p
fflOOCOOWw?! tured. A Chair for comfort. »<- y
L tof lilnrfflnTj Shellac finish. Regular price. i
K* JsSrWtSj S^ ; 00^_our Christmas Prlca 'A.
I i SvSir^fiSW-f SI1.7JV Other _ A nT\tJj& < + L
k> WefWffWtfa Rockers in \1 kll nn /# W IW II • •>
D S&ttMMl nnfsh St> ' le ° r vl»3U Up / M W V» C
\i IFl^vir Jar<llinlere St»nd— Two designs. Jj "L Jj « |j__ '>
J JL^Z' \sL /weathered 4Zr> anr\l SJiL 1/1
Hundred* of Different Styles of
rr - m - r Desks shown on our floors. __»iw_
trs %t? T-"38* Tne one Pictured in golden /7^"^\ 2
►— ai^^Bc^L oak or genuine mahogany. II »l
• iL. /^fi^'^jL French legs, beveled mirror 1 \ II-
— A?-^' '•"-sSff and large, roomy n AA \\ /* 2*
*£" F~~m»m?ifir *ti drawers. Christ- \ll III) \\ I j rr
**|^§l^f m .* s .. p f! c !.:" ■•■•/. $/•"" IM-f^ -<
*£* I Imported Vienna Chain — ■ f t^ m 9 m "^ !r^
~ 1 ■ For the children; just as pic- 1 i| i
ST I tured: strong and durable. /ill
>— L Will be appreciat- a 4 _« 7 I I 1
tr~- . « ed by any of the VI kit / J I' I &
j£ Worth $2.50. Full line of -Z
, Chairs, Rockers and Settees. \
k ...EVENING SPECIALS... ~~~" S
OJ Monday HUrht— Matted Pictures. 20x20 inches, not framed
U^ in 25 different subjects. Each \ % i f > .
ST Tuesday Kltfht— California Burned Redwood Plaques Ea'ch 1 ~c
W FUc e he'r ay P^r Sr tlr^ al . nt !!^ .^.°^^ : Chlna Sugar Bowl and <h*l™
Thur»day Klrtt— Artistic pictures. Mission style "Vz 'dlffer^t i
i styles. Regular $1.00 Pictures. Each . ainereni i
i EASTERN OUiSlfTING CO I
j ( 1320-28 STOCKTON STREET.
I W. rurnlsh Hon... Compln^ AU Car , Oup I
U Country. Order* Solicited. ['
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
WILL CLOSE THE SEASOX
WITH BASEBALL CARNIVAL
Three Games Will Be Played To-Day
On the Campus of St. 3Iary'»
College.
OAKLAND. Dec. 17. — The Athletic
Association has arranged three games
of baseball for to-morrow, which will
close the present season. In the morn
ing the Independents, the third team
of the college, will line up against the
Piedmonts, also a college team. At 1>
o'clock the Young Phoenix team will
play the Alerts of Petaluma. This
game was postponed last Sunday.
The champion Phoenix team and
the All Stars will cross bata at 3
o'clock for the closing game of the
series. The rivalry between these
teams is very keen and a fast sfame
is expected. Zamlock will pitch for
the All Stars and Ferguson will twirl
for the college team'.
Admitted to Practice.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17. — Carlos G.
White, the son of Mrs. "W. E. Logan,
a well known Journalist ot- this city,
has just been admitted to practice law
in the Supreme Court, having passed
the examination recently held ln San
Francisco. Mr. White is a graduate
of the University of California, and
during the last political campaign
rendered efficient service as secretary
of the University of California Re
publican Club. Before beginning the
active practice of law Mr. White win
complete the graduate law course at
Berkeley.
ADVERTISEMENTS.ADVERTISE>rEXTS,
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAIi.
F=vr People Know How Useful It Is in
Preservins Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal Is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature,
but fe*r realize its value when taken
ir.to the human system for the same
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; It Is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present
Jn the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking', drinking or after eating on-
iftr.s and. other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion; it whitens the
Yeeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic
It absorbs the injurious gases which
'collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
.'the poison of -catarrh. *
• All druggists sell charcoal Jn one
form or another, but probably the
best charcoal and the most for the
money Is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozen-
ges; they are composed of the finest
powdered Willow charcoal and other
harmless antiseptics in -tablet' form,
cr rather in the form of large, plea?-
ent tasting lozenges, the charcoal be-
ing mixed with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell In a much improved condi-
tion -of the general health, better com-
plexiou, sweeter breath and purer
■blood, and the beauty of it is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use, but, ou the contrary,
great benefit.
A Buffalo physician, in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I advise
Stuarfs Charcoal Lozenges to all pa-
tients suffering ■ from gas in stomach
and bowels and to clear the complex-
ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is
greatly benefited by the daily use of
them; they cost but 25. cents a box at
drug stores and although in some
cense' a patent preparation, yet I be-
lieve I get more and better charcoal
in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges than in
any of the ordinary charcoal tablets."
WILL WELCOME
PRINCE FUSHIMI
St. Francis Hotel, the Finest
in San Francisco, Prepar
ing for Eeturn of Visitor
. The management of the Hotel St.
Francis, the handsome structure that
"adorns the heart of the city and stands
faeir.g cue of its most beautiful public
.*-iuare.=. is making thorough prepara
n • :is- for the reception of General
Pilnce Fushimi, the Japanese states-
Man and soldier, who is returning from
his visit to Washington. It will be re
•"niemb«red that the St. Francis domi
cile*, the distinguished visitor during
Ms stay in San Francisco last month,
jiEiI so royally was he treated that the
■Japanese*; residents of the efty have
printed photographic post cards of the
St. Francis and the suite occupied by
.Prince Fushimi for the purpose of
sending them to their friends in Japan.
• The superior facilities offered by the
hotel have made the place the rendez
vous of distinguished mtn and women
in all. walks of life. Here Charles M.
Schwab, the ship and steel trust mag
nate; Jacob SchiSt and a great many
artists, singers and actors, such as
Richard Mansfield, Maude Adams,
Anna. Held. Minnie Maddern Fiske, E.
,3j., Sothern, Ethel Barrymore, Mme.
Sembrich, Mme. Schumann-Heink, Ig
nace Ian Paderewski, John Philip
Eousa and others too numerous to men
tion have made their headquarters.
Th* selection of the Hotel St. Francis
by these world-wide celebrities has
been owing to its fortunate location in
the heart of San Francisco, its unriv
, a!e<3 view of the most beautiful bay in
California and the glimpses it affords
of distant chains of mountains. Its con
struction has been so designed that all
the suites are light and niry and its ln
•terior domestic arrangements are un-
Tivaled in the West.
For several month? past the hotel
has been the headquarters of many
conventions that have visited San
Francisco, the magnificent white and
gold' reception hall being the finest on
the Pacinc Coast. In this hall great
fingers have delighted music lovers,
and the musical concerts have become '
a regular feature of the hotel's season. '■
What will probably be the greatest
treat music iovers and society of San
Francisco have yet enjoyed will take
place on the 2Sth of this month, when
for the first time Mme. Gadski, the
sweet soprano.. "will be heard, and later
the riantPt. Vladimir do Pachman, and
the farnous barytone, David Bispham.
will co:nc.
Probably one of the greatest attrac
tions the St." 1 Francis affords is the
cozy grill :room,' whore many jolly
theater parties gather after the even
ing's performance. The proximity of
the hotel to the various theaters is
t>f. distinct advantage in this regard
and tho excellent cuisine makes the
visit most enjoyable. Here the careful
supervision of the Maitre de Hotel
\jsmes I.ie.b. for many years connected
*v.ith the Waldorf-Astoria, is in evi-
So great an attraction has the hotel
proved to be that the management has
plans under war for the addition of
u north wing, which will add one-third
lu the capacity of the hostelry.
' Th? management of the hotel, while
fully aware of the • advantages the
hotel possesses Sn itself, have gotten
■ up a- pretty souvenir booklet in red;
r.nd gx>ld showing views of the hotel,
xjolli exterior and interior, and many
"interesting scenes of San Francisco.
This booklet in itself is a thing of art, 1
the* drawings are in wash and teepia
from the brush of F. Methfessel, and
the idea of depicting local scenes Is
novel and shows no less the broad j
pi-lnciples of the hotel management. .'J
AGRICULTURAL SOCIF7TY
. EL.ECTS \E\V- SIvCRETARr
'Directors ~ Slcct at ' Sacramento and
Name Albert Undley of. Los An- ' .
ecles to FUI Vacancy.
I - SACRAMENTO. Dec. 17.— The di
refctors of the State Agricultural So
ciety this afternoon elected Albert
•Lteflley^of Los Angeles astHe secre
tary- of "that bbdy ; '
TIME'S CHANGES
ASTONISH HIM
Charles Reed Returns to
San Francisco After Ab
sence of Just Fifty Years
WDsS FORTUNE OX TURF
Gains Fame Through Efforts
to Purchase Ormonde, but
Is Outbid by Macdonough
Charles Reed, who has wona fortune
on the turf of America and Europe, is
back in San Francisco after an absence
of just fifty years. He has, been at
the St. Francis Hotel for a week and
is- spending his time, looking over the
great city that has sprung up. since he
left here in '54. However, . he ' is al
ways willing to forego his sightseeing
for an hour to talk of old times,, of
events that have made him. famous
among racing men and. to voice 'bits
from his book of droll philosophy. .
'Tea," he hazarded yesterday, after
announcing that he had nothing to say,
"It is true- that I once sought "to 'add
the great Ormonde to iny racing string.
I -wenf to the Argentine Republic 'to
purchase Ormonde and I bid 5130,000 for
him, but a cable frpm WV O'B. Mac-
Donough of your city here raised the.
bid to "$150,000 and I let the good
horse go. . It is Just as well, however, j
as developments proved, though. I
never look to the .past. ■ V- i
"My philosophy ■ is that every day
"marks the birth of a, new .world' to me.
I am here with^my wife (she is 65 and.
I am 75 years*of age), and Iwe enjoy :
every day of our lives. We will leave
to-morrow , morning, ..for Los Angeles
and from there we will go to El Paso,
thence to Mexico. From there we will
go to Paris, where they know how to
cook k and eat better . than any. other,
people on the globe. Then we will get,
ready to go to Australia, where we in-,
tend enjoying ourselves. ;
"This- is -a- great city you. have here
now. When I was here, last the city's
landmark was an old adobe house at
Washington and Kearny/" streets. 1
find that the people here are up to New
York in everything. Your hotels arenas
fine as any thing, they have in: the East
and the way the city has grown up in.
general . is marvelous. When!. I, was.
here. last there was no racetrack in the
vicinity. Now . I. see you \ have as, fine
racing courses as there are in America
and I am. glad to see' that this great
sport is progressing'. 'J-i '**'■'
- "I am an optimist regarding racing.
Some complain that men lose their
money at the "track, which is not good,
but I say that when one man loses
his money and becomes despondent (if
he Is a pessimist), another man wins
this money and becomes correspond
ingly optimistic. So you see every thing
is equal and in the end all are happy.
"I came to the mines of this. State,
in '49 and made. a success of my ven-_
ture. Then- I turned .to racing . and
.made a. success of .that. . have .never
had a failure in, my Jife. and v it. is be
cause I turn my back on the reverses
of yesterday and look forward to the
promises of to-morrow.
"I have disposed of all my horses and
do not expect to enter the racing game
again. But no one can tell what may
happen. I cannot tell what may hap
pen to me the next minute, but one
thing Is sure: I have enjoyed my whole
life and hope to enjoy many more
years. I want to live till I reach the
100-year mark: then I want a terrific
case of smallpox to cleanse my system
so I can live sixty years more. , This
is how well I enjoy life, and all" can
do the same if they, but make up their
minds that .they were born for the
world and that : the world was not born
to suit their . various whims and
moods/' • .„■*; ,-. • .-
Do You Want a Good Trunk?
It will make your journey doubly
pleasant by taking with you one of our
good-looking, space-saving' trunks and
suit cases. We also have traveling rolls,
combs, brushes, lap tablets, pockethooks.
card cases, cameras. We can. furnish
you everything that makes traveling a
pleasure, and our prices are. always. right.
Sanborn. Vail & Co... 741 Market street. •
GOLDEN IS 'A SOLOMON
COME TO JUDGMENT
Justice of the Peace Decides ' Owner-
ship of Dog, Which Kcspontls Only
to Name of "Frit*."
Justice Golden yesterday gave judg
ment in favor of Dr. C. G. Kenyon,
who sued Charles Rietzke tor. JJie, re
turn of a cocker spaniel, -.named
••Fritz." or the '. doVs" equivalent in
value — 5100. The testimony disclosed
that Kenyon had lost the dog in Sep
tember and that, he shortly after saw
the dog in Keitzke's possession. Reitz
ke, it appears, 'in 'July, last lost a dog
of the same kind which answered to
the name of "Massie.'V and he testi
fied that he had -paid A J5 % - to a man
named Hoffmann for • its recovery.
Neighbors of one litigant'testified that
the dog belonged to Kenyon, while
others declared that Reitzke was its
owner. ! ..' v
Judge Golden was in a quandary un-,
til he bethought himself of a novel
expedient. Miss Lydla , Daggett. who
was employed f in Dr.- Kenyon's office,
called '"Fritz" to 'the E^'aniel, .which
forthwith gave:e.yery^deh}onstration o£
delight, but when" she called "Massie"
the dog did not respond at all, which
proved conclusively to. Judge Golden
that the dog was Kenyon's. After he
was given Judgment- Kenyon wanted
to assume possession of the dog then
and there" and became much excited
when told that he would have to pro
cure a writ of possession from Sheriff
Curtis before he could take the dog
home. . ,
Swedish-Americans Give Dance.
The Swedish-American Hall Asso
ciation gaVe a dance and 'musical en
tertainment last-night .at Scandia Hall
in aid of the- association's building
fund. ' There- was. a great turn out of
vJeitors and all had a' thoroughly .:en
jc-j'able time. The music for the, oc
casion* was furnfehed by Professor
Pihlstrom. : The committee . in charge
consisted of A- Gradin, Ri Dybergh, G.
Petterson,' Alexander Olson and L.
Gisslow. ...... . ■ .
Mrs. J. Coughlan & Co., ,
229, Sutler street. . Special salejDf^elegant j
hats, toques and bonnets^ " ■ commencing }
Monday, December 19. 55 and upwards." I
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER . 18, 1904.
oo9o««ee9e0eoooe««o«99oooo990«eoo«d@«909e«e9d
• » ~ "^-^-^y^ i^^^ >\^v\\ / •
9 •
• _ — ; : . e
S EXTRAORDINARY INDUCEMENTS OF J
| ..HOLIDAY OrFERINCS... II
I Tailor Suits, Jackets, Long Coats, Skirts, Furs |
| AT SURPRISINGLY LOW PRICES |
0 , - _ ,.,.*. . 9
• 4>^^^^ HIGH-CLASS |
i t/mJtSf DRESS C0ATS i
9 W^V^L^S, Jp Black, white, brown, cardinal, © >
S flifp^jS^T^R^^ burnt orange and- tan; styles Oj
! Sfllwli •$Sio,J35 I $4OaBll$5O 1
5 t m^ CHILDREN'S X O A T S — In ©
• • ' (tfJr'l&<'Jm ]: *- \ » |i l H great variety. Special low •
• •' 'JWW@W&k I H'^ft priccs ■•■■■■ !? "' 50 to !?1O#O ° %
| . FlRSFURSFlRS |
® mM$£*'Z> % -&S Lower than regular marked O
® &*&$$§$•■ if 0fi- • FIJR BOAS / ■ • •
1 >^^teitt ,$2^0, $3.50, $4.00, $5.00, S
• S6.50.S7.50, $8.50, $10- •
• sft/z-^&xQls ~"^<$t^' Large variety and most desirable
• FUR STOLES |
• T . . . /^eTiTTc $3.50, $5.00, $6.50, $8.50, :
S-.I.AI.LO.R oUITS $10; $12.50, $15, $20 8
• tin $19 1(1 ?|li' Selected furi in good variety. 3
i ''„ ' ',7 • 'Er ' w JACKETS i
! © Not equaled in style or quality .- ■ ... _ • •_ - a :~ Z
iS anywhere; full value, $15 to $25. -ELECTRIC, SEAL—Choice .J
If COO fin onrf COR nn quality; good hnmg; at. #
lj v S20.00 and S20.00 $25.00 and $30.00 S
|© ' Artistic made Novelty Suits, the NE AR SEAL— With real" Mink ':.' • I
i«. very, newest of the season; full or Beaver collar, cuffs,, and f i
\ J. . value, $30.00 and SaS-oo. , rcvers; at • 2
|S 3-4 LENGTH COATS $50.00 and $55,00. 8
! •. Good quality; made very styiish. PERSIAN LAMB— Choice qual-- • '■
I Price $10, $12.50 and $15 M^Si^m^^ I
• Regular prices, $15.00.^ $17.50 $D0, •
;•■• and S20.00. ■ ■• -- -FUR CAPES— % OFF, NOW •
[• WALKING SKIRTS— The very - - jc nn *, 59c nn —■ •
2 newest styles.... » $O.UU IU .^ZO.UU •
9 ........... ;.-.$ii.5O to 912.50 OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS •
O SILK SKIRTS— *0.50 to ?25. REDUCED.- 5
j • etamine skirts ....:. « nn » n ton nn •
ij-- -■-•. 12304 232-123^:MAEKET^ STEEET. C: |
I ELEGANT AND USEFUL |
9 !Kmffl /&^?S. Ba iffltnB tft^i C sS C8 ba /JBt gL
o . . .-•....• .-.at.-.v"! . -,'C.'"; '■■ .. ': ; Si
I SPECIAL LOW PRICES |
© $15, $14, $12.50 TAILOR SUITS— Special Now . . $10.00 ©
• $22.50, $20, $17.50 TAILOR SUITS-SpccialNow. $15.00 • i
1 § $30, $27.50, $25 TAILOR SUITS—Spccial^ow. . . $20.00 •
! 2 $10.00 SILK SKIRTS— Special Now. . . . '. .' $6.50 2
I % $7.50 NOVELTY SKIRTS-Spccial Now; . . . . . .V;. .$5.00 2
2 FUR BOAS ;...,.;..;.... . , $2.50, $3.00, $3.50and $5.00" 2
1 2 FUR STOLES. . . . . . . . $3.50, $5.00, $6.50, $7:50 and $10.00 2
; 2 FUR JACKETS. ...... .$20.00, $25.00, $30.00 and $35.00 2
2 1142-1146 Market Street . |
Government Candidate Is Defeated.
SEATTLE. Wash., ' Dec. 17. — A
Dawson, Yukon Territory, special to
the Post-Intelligencer says: "Alfred
Thompson, : independent candidate,
was yesterday elected to the Canadian
Parliament to represent the Yukon
by a majority of 700 over Frederick
Congdon, Liberal and Government
ADVERTISEMENTS.
,
\\ Christmas Lj
\ Gifts [ %
. ,■- . The newest designs ■
in . such well-selected
variety., as. to meet all • *
tastes. .
THE NAME BOHM-
BRISTOL CO. STANDS
- - ASA GUARANTEE OF
SATISFACTION IN
QUALITY AND PRICE/
OPEN EVENINGS
UNTIL , CHRISTMAS
I Bohm-Bristol Co.
/ Jewelers an i r
fsjl Siiversmit«hs |
(rj - 104-1 1 0 Geary Street* l^\ .
P?i '■ '£»• •- ■• • •'£»;
- By order of J." Commlnss of Reddlns. I will
cell 20 ALL-PURPOSE. HORSES,. also a. lot of ■
watrons, buggies, surrey».- carts and harness,
TUESDAY. December ' 20, ' II ■ a.:: m.'.n at 1 HO
Folsom bW WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer. •
ADVERTISE>IENTS.
candidate, recently Governor of the
Yukon. The campaign was .the most
exciting- ever held in the north. ■;.,
The girl who elopes with her papa's
chauffeur may be driven to distraction.
U. W. BISHOP._I>^*ee ! and Manager. ' ;
THE LAST-TIME— TO-NIGHT— THE LAST
. TIME. ■ •. ;
MR. POTTER OF TEXAS
STARTING MONDAY NIGHT
--. Oliver Mcrosco Offers - ' ' •
HOWARD COULD— J. H. GILMOUR
and the IncomDarable Majestic Players in
JIM BLUE>SO
I. N. Morris' 'Great- New.. York Success, v
. ." Matinee*; Thursday: and Saturday.- •■'•'*'
Next Week— "A- CONTENTED WOMAN." . ■
New 'tfWjT' Jockey "
Califprnia ■ ; .|^» Club
■ ; OAKLAND TltACK. •
■' .Racing every ..week, day, .rain or , shine. .
/ . Races start at 2:15 p.'m',. sharp. .; • '
- . For spvctal ' trains Btocpins at the track ' take
8.; P. ' Ferry, i foot of jMarket street, at- 12:09.
, 12 :S0, l-.OO. 1 • 1 :3O '- cr - 2 :OO.« Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m-andlm-
' mediately, after' the'lasf race. • ■'» ■■ ,' " . .-'
! V THOMAS V H.*WILLIAMS.* President. ""
" PERCY' W; TREAT. SecVetafy. ' ; / :.; ' S
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
THIRD AND UAST WEEK I 3— WEEKS-— 3
matinee to day sssssL^Monday Night, Dec. 26
WlLLlAiVIb jn Aiyf*|J|r
*™ WALKER » a i*i?
NEW I I \ U AllU IVI L I X2T WE DRAMA 07 OLD JAPAW
LAST MATINEE NEXT SATURDAY iheDflrllllg Of tilC GodS
Last Performance Next Sat- By davii> b=**sc° ahd joh* tran» «mo
urday Night Seats Ready Thursday
f-CALmORNIA-}
Might-second and last week I
AMERICA'S FAVORITE AND MOST FAMOUS COMEDIENNE. H
ROSE MELVILLE
:. ■ IN HER WONDERFUL ORIGINAL COMEDY CREATION. II
TALK C 2 V HAVEirT B
OF J^ 1 SKN i
T HE %^ & \9 I "3li" . I
&tost l«i^f^|ri?lS MISSED 1
Hit of the fl%/yik££l^ A |
; Seison. _^_; ■ m. treat. |
CHRISTMAS WEEK— COMMENCING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE. H
James A. Herne's Greatest of alt I ¥3
American Pastoral Comedle* — MJk 1 a g\ W^ r~ A g\ H^ BP* IS
14th Season of Enormous Success— O I § »X ■ /■ 1 WK ■ M
A Powerful Crt of the Original O I I V/ 1% L flOIXL-O |j
Favorites, Including James A. n
Galloway, Atkins Lawrence. B«lle — — — — — — -^-^^—^^—^-^— J ri
Theodore. H. P. Wnlttemore, James Burrows, Herbert Flausburg and others. m
$C^ C* tf^ C^ tf' tf* tf' C* C*
$ Yl 1 f\ I 1 1 Mi R I A s i« $
|; I'lilAiS $'
$i Beginnlnc *f^' V^' &| f >% «f *** a COMIC NOVELTT
Engagement I II a |\ I ■ — »-fl I UNEQUALED IN
Limited * .^^ •" * *• * ENTERTAINING INTEREST 9
[' 7; KLAW&ERLANCER
! N Present THE TALENTED COMEDIAN*
\B, THOMAS Q. T
SEABRGOKEI
i - In Harry B. -Smith and Gustave Kerker'c
!* NEW SPECTACULAR MUSICAL FARCE NOVELTY A
!$ /' .. -'. '• THE - . '. _ $
$ NOTHING LIKE IT EVER BEFORE PRESENTED.
Company of IOO Augmented Orchestra V
$ GORGEOUSLY BEAUTIFUL COSTUMES >»
MARVELOUSLT MAGNIFICENT SCENERY N
2O MUSICAL NUMBERS2O V
$ Extraordinary- Cast of Principals 0
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY Next Attraction— THE SULTAN OF SULU t
;-■« aff ■■■. ".*.-..,-■>
p y«P«p.y y y ■ y y y'y y p y y y y p yy
THREE CONCERTS AT ALHAMBRA
GADS K I
ti Tuesday and Thursday
Nisnts, Jan. 3 and 5,
and Saturday Matinee.
| :* Season Tickets.
»^'f. Ready Tuesday.
Ami single. seats at ??.' $1.50 and • |1, Friday.
December SO, at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s. '
mr\ TVlTr*TTT» THE SUPERB
TO-NIGHT asis^ 1
ING
SEATS ALWAYS SELLING.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
TONY LUBELEKIr 'General .Manacer.
And Still; They Come, by the '. Thousand.
House • Crowded ■ Continually.
The Talk'of'Ali:" 'Frisco."
Commencing MONDAY. AFTERNOON. Dec. 19.
These Ten "Headliners" : HANVEY and
DOANE. Comedy; - DAVIg DUO. Athletes;
R \BERTA " and . Hl« TRAINED BEARS;
SEVEN OKABE JAPANESE TROUPE;
WELCH FRANCIS * CO.. Farce^ C«medy;
JOE BELMONY. Human Bird; R. CLINTON
MONTGOMERY. Song IUuttrator; New Mov
ing Pictures Weekly: Other Great Novelties.
10c ' and -Oc— no hither.
Children to any part of the theater. 10c. .
Performance every afterhoon at 2:30.- Every
evening, tt 7:30 and 0. Continuous 1 Saturday
and Sunday matinees from 2 to 5.
»■ ' ' i»i
. -, Are you lobkins.for employ-
mcht?. Do you want to better
your position?
If ' so , be sure and look over . -
- tlie Help Wanted Columns , of
THE CAM/ You \vlll find some ;
- oiie'tliat^w'ants,your*ser\ices.:
. ATMTTRTTM H^i'ltA-
AT C* A T A T% fiasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR krass
General Manager.
.MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT.
THE SPLENDID COMEDY,
CAPRICE
George Osbourne's Fare-w«ll Xlght.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ONE WEEK,
JOHN CRAIG AS HOSEA HOWE.
In Sol Smith Russell's Great Comedy.
Peaceful Valley
"JUST DROPPED IN* ON MOTHER."
Evgs.,!!5c to Toe. Mats. Eat. and Sun.. £5c to 60c
Monday. December 26 — LOST RIVER.
Market st., near Eighth; phone South 5.TS.
Matinee to-day, to-night last times of the
Russian Melodrama.-
"LOST IN SIBERIA"
To-morrow Night— All Next Week.
MATIN EE3 SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Lincoln J. Carter's Great Melodrama. Direct
From the Criterion Theater. Chicago.
"Two. Little Waifs"
With Tempest and Sunshine in the title roles
and the. entire Central Stock Company.
Thrilling story of crime and 'deception! Superb
Mechanical Effects!
Prices — Evgs.. 10c to 50c; Mats.. 10c. 13c, 25c.
Xmas Week-t-'THE HEART OF CHICAGO."
Every Afternoon and Evening In the
Heated Theater.
BOTHWElXi BROWNE'S New Japanese
Musical Extravaganza, • -
PRINCESS FAN TAN
\ (As Produced at the Grand Opera House.)
MAGNIFICENT COSTUMES!
BEAUTIFUL BALLETS!
STRIKING SCENERY!
200 PERFORMERS!
A BIG SHOW BY 'LITTLE PEOPLE!
No Increase In Prices.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. So.
Palarp don't fail to
laiaWV see , the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/.fifi room, the EMPIRE
ttUU Parlor, the
r» j PALM ROOM, the
llT/iflU LOUIS XV PAR.
Hj !„ DIES* WRITING
Hotels room.
Week Commencing Thb After-'
noon, December 16.
EUROPEAN AND AiEERICAW
STARS!
Direct from Berlin.
ALBERTINA MELIGH
And Her Beautiful Flock of Trained
j Birds.
Initial Vaudevllls Appeaxaac* of
ALFRED A. FARLANO
The World" s Greatest Eanjolst.
AIDA HEMMI
Prlma Donna. Soprano.*
LUCY and VIATE
In Their European Novelty Wlr» Act.
VERNON
The Ventrtloqulal "Wonder of Cm
Twentieth Century.
FORD SISTERS
Slncera and Daintiest of AU Daaeter-
Glrl».
Retained by Request.
DILLON BROTHERS
In an Entire Change of Songs.
Orpheum Motion Pictures
Showine the Latest Novelties.
Last "Week of tia World Resowaed
HERRMANN THE GREAT
Assisted by MARIE HERRMANN 1 ,
Queen oC Illusions,
Regular Matinees Every Wednes-
day, Thursday, Saturday
and Sunday.
PRICES: 10c, 25c and 30c
COMING—
TSe Orpheum Road Show.
UNION
, COURSING
PARK
P. J. EEILLY JadJS
JAS. F. GRACE , Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, DEC. 18
UI8SS I"
Reserve Event
56-N0MINATI0NS-56
$1000 pJjTsb $1000
TRAIN SERVlCn.
Trains leave Third and Tovrnsend ■treeta at
10:15 a. m. and 1 p. m., ttoppinff at Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes . later.
Returning after the last course. San Matto
electric cars every four minutes to park en-
trance direct. :
•v /
MISCELLANEOUS AMTJSEMEMTa.
*"~ ----■■ ; •
ALHAMBRA
Mon.. Dec. 19. at 8:15 P. JC
VTed.. Dec 21. at 8 :15 P. M.
Oakland. Dec. 23. Mat-
Paderewski
reser\t:d seats selling
sherman. clay & co.'s .
J6:Pages. 61 per Year
5354
JIMMY BRITT'S HARD WORK IS NOW OVER
Jimmy Britt took his last punch at
his sparring partners yesterday after
noon out at the ocean beac^h. There
will be no more herd work on the
plumber boy's bill of fare till he works
out against Battling N&lson on Tues
day night. Road stunts and some
light exercise in the gymnasium will
constitute Jimmy's labors during the
next three days.' He realizes it is im
possible for him to improve his condi
tion.
•I will be at weight Monday after
noon," said Britt. 'I feel like doing'
more work, but my trainers have ad
vised me to cut it out and I will follow
instructions to the letter. A little road
work to-morrow, Monday and Tuesday
is all I need. If I feel so inclined I can
go into the gym and work the machine
rill I am satisfied.
"Yes, 1 am going to have the same
old bunch behind me in my corner —
"The Spider." Frank Rafael, "Tiv"
Kreling and Curt Richardson. They
are good enough for me. They have
always brought me luck and know'
what I want and I feel everything will
be all right when they are with me. I
am prepared for a long and bitter
fight. My friends have seen me work
and they know quite well that I am
fit."
The crisp, clear weather spurred the
plumber boy on yesterday. He felt
like doing barrels of work, but was not
allowed to go too fast. He had a long
session with the bag and then took on
Frank Rafael for the limit, four
rounds. It was the usual fast pace,
but the plumber boy was ready when
"Tiv" Kreling took hold of him for
their usual session of tugging and
clinching.
The plumber boy weighs 134 pounds
aow and can take off the two extra
ones any time he wishes. He figures
on being to weight on Monday after
noon and then taking a good long
sleep. He will probably wake up on
Tuesday morning about a pound over
the mark, but this will readily come off
en the road. Wh«*n he steps on the
scales before the battle he will be well
under the required mark and ready for
the going.
Contrary to expectations. Battling
Nelson donned his gymnasium clothes
yesterday and spent about an hour
going through his usual stunts. It was
programmed for Bat to take things
easily until Sunday, but this afternoon
he becames restless and begged Man
ager Murphy to allow him work.
Murphy finally consented and the
Dane was again happy. Many spec
tators visited the camp yesterday, al
though it was advertised that Bat
would not work until Sunday.
The fair sex were well represented
by the presence of some well known
society ladies. Those present were
Mrs. Miles Baird; her sister, Mrs.
Quarre; Mrs. L. Zewriker and Mrs.
James McCormick.
The ladies held the fort and Bat
and Eddy Santry worked hard to
please them. Bat was sorry he had
not visited the barber shop before
hand, but begged to be excused.
The usual gymnasium work was
KHBUUBBB BZB9HHHH <BNBB ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■BHHBBB BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBB BBBBEBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBH OBBBBBOHBBBDBBBBaZZasaa
— - ---...■....-■■•-■ . / ■ ■ sa
5 BBBBBBEBEBBEBBEBBBBBBB BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB BBBBBBBEBBBBBRBBBBBBBH EBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBfl BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB EBBSBBBBBBBBBBBBBBEBBB BBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBS -|
k V • B H
(iAIcIIHpJ Oh kOSfS HKrHri " ls
g g mmwMMMMai% m WBm^twmmm**%*%%wammmLWMMMumsmMmmnMBBmMnM^^ i i urn wiiw.mnwii ° §
|§ Send Us a New Six Months' Subscription or Renew Your ||
a s Si l Vi^ppi T^tioTi to • 5 ■
(| DESCRIPTION OF THE . • if
If Six (6) Rose Plants Given FREE With a SIX MONTHS' Subscription' to The |s
a o i/flll j X-?CJLII / Jl 1 d-I sl%bs IvS^y \Jt VClii , S a
S d The CALL, with its usual enterprise and interest in its readers, aiTanged over a year a^o with the largest growers of EOSE and grow es- g "
n n pecially for The CALL readers, under our direct supervision, several hundred thousand ROSE plants (twenty different varieties) of the latest, inost fragrant and beautiful ■ "
□ § KOSES to be obtained, and is now prepared to place these plants hi the hands of its patrons, free of all cost and ready to plant in growing condition. s S
BB BE] * r' 1 \ '-■'■■•-■ i '.-. .■'.--- ''■■'•■ '.-■''■ ■ ■ " " ' ■ H| mi
■a . hour Choice of Six D of the Following List of Plants From Which to Select: ! if
■ S i\ Xo. 1 Mile. C. Berthod, yellow. No. 11^ 3Irs. Hi B. Cant. : crimson scarlet ;; . B ■
|g ; : " t 2 Bride, white. . "12 President .Carnot, blush rose. t SS
a jn i ■ ■ XJiiiiCoiiiiHii, piiiiv. ' . 'J ?! , AlllOltly.Sll » cl ■pilllv? .. | b b
BE * ' ' ' ' ' ii ■• t\ "U 1 f1 111 • ' L ' - < t\ ' f\ ' -' ' " Tl \ ■ ■ ■"• 4.'. " ■ . -■ ■•f>-"| ■■■ i "■■*:■■' Wm \»
mm M t ? - - * ..... . . - Q
1 I M1 V; "ALL PLANTS WILL BE DELIVERED IN GOOD CONDITION. Each arid every plant delivered through this offer is at least one year old, absolutely heilthv nnri 1 S
1 g w» if planted during this Winter produce its first supply of roses during the Summer of 1905. The varieties of ROSES included in this offer are the very latest nnd nli ?m* S §
Jg g equaled for fragrance and beauty. , . •> mitbi ..ana aie un- ga
|f When Ordering, Indicate the Six Roses Which You Prefer by Statm^ jl
gone through and Manager MurphyT
to please the ladies, had Bat and San
try go three rounds. They were short,
but fast and furious. In the morn
ing Xelson and Marvin Hart, the
"Southern rebel," took a walk in the
wilds of Tamalpais.
The betting on the Britt-Xelson
fight continues brisk, each having con
siderable . backing. The odds re
mained at 10 to 8 yesterday, with Britt
the public choice, but any large
amount bet on either man would have
changed the odds at once. It is ex
pected the training quarters of the
men will be thronged to-day.
A number of Eastern fight fanciers
like Nelson's chances and are sending
in commissions on him. It is expected
the odds will find their true level on
Monday. The fighters are in grand
condition from all appearances,' so it
is reasonable to suppose the bettors
will get a run for their money, some
thing they did not get in the Britt-
Gans engagement and in the Corbett-
Nelson fight. -*
The sale of seats indicates an un
usually large attendance. From ap
pearances it may reach a total of from
$3r.,000 to $40,000.
TAKES A STAND
ON AMATEURISM
The board of governors of the Pa
cific Athletic Association made merry
around the banquet board last night
the while they discussed the condition
of amateur athletics on this coast.
The guest of honor was William Greer
Harrison, president of the Olympic
Athletic Club.
Mr. Harrison spoke feelingly of
amateur sports, on this coast, taking
for his text "Pure Athletics." He de
plored the fact that commercialism
had entered into athletics to an
alarming extent, not only on this
coast but throughout America. • Few
athletes seem free from the taint. He
said the reason was found in the fact
that athletes were no longer proud of
the bit of ribbon or bronze as a prize.
The guerdon of honor was cast* aside
for the money that was in it. Boxing
has reached a lower point than any
other sport and is in a hopeless con
dition, from which he sees no way to
extricate it. ».
The speaker praised the proposed
athletic ground in Golden Gate Park,
en which it is hoped to rehabilitate
amateur sports. He said there is some
thing in the sunlight which will help
purify the gymnasium men and show
them where they are following false
idols. He advocated dropping boxing
entirely and to have the so-called ama
teur boxing destroyed. He said he had
nothing against the professional so
long as he fights honestly, but he de
spises the man who poses as an ama
teur and then sells honor and every
thing for a paltry purse. Mr. Harrison
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, DECEMBER IS, 1904. ~^~—
said there Is a healthier spirit and
more chivalry shown in the outdoor
sports and more joy . In the competi
tion. He Struck the keynote of amateur
sports when he said the chief purpose
of amateur athletics was in the train
ing which a man received, and not in
the prize he won.
The evil In amateur boxing, he said,
was in the corruption of clubs, which
buy the boxers. They are dishonest
when they pose as amateur clubs be
fore the Supervisors when they secure
a permit. He recommended that steps
be taken to stop this so-called ama
teur boxing and said the Olympic Club
would do its share in its suppression.
In Greece, he said, to be an athlete
was to be a gentleman. Now it means
the athlete has something to sell and
the young men nre demoralized. Mr.
Harrison's address was loudly ap
plauded.
President Skaife of the Academic
Athletic League, Herbert Hauser, T.
I. Fitzpatrick, George James and
others made addresses. Among those
present were: President W. B. Hinch
man. Secretary Herbert Hauser, Wil
liam Greer Harrison, J. D. Robertson.
A. P. Rothkopf, T. I. Fitzpatrick.
George James, W. W. Naughton, R.
X. Ryan, Ri A. Smyth, Alfred C.
Skaife, E. J. Lynch and E. R. Kirk.
Old field Falls in Kccortl Trial.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 17. — Barney
Oldfield made an attempt to lower
records at Agricultural Park track to
day, but failed to exceed any of his
former marks. He tried for the nine
mile .particularly, which is the only
one up to fifty which he does not hold.
The best he could do was 8:22 2-5.
The fastest time made was Oldfield's
mile in 53 seconds. Charles Burman
won the five-mile standing start con
test in 5:17.
American Jockey Successful.
BERLIN, Dec. 17. — Charley Van
Dusen, the American jockey, stands
second in the list of jockeys in Ger
many for 1904. He rode fifty-seven
winners during this, his first season on
the German turf. Warne, th#veteran
English Jodcey, was first, with sev
enty-two victories.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17:— The following
■marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Edward R.
Koehn, over 21, and Lena Paganetto,
over 18, both of Oakland; William H.
Dotson, 35, and Louise Jackson, 27,
both of Oakland; Manuel de Costa, 29,
and Nora Gomes, 19, both of Warm
Springs; Orleando M. Jones, 41, and
Sarah A. Ross, both of Kent, Wash.;
John F. Heinbockel, 25, and Emma A.
Butzke, 22, both of San Francisco;
Robert Hill, over 21, and Grace E.
Bliss, both of Oakland.
Christmas Stationery.
Beautiful boxes of stationery that
make useful as well as very handsome
Christmas presents; also ink stands, desk
pads and calendars. Designs not shown
elseWhere. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
PADEREWSKI BEGIN
SEASON IN FINE FORM
The gods artistic were the stage
management of the Paderewski recital
yesterday afternoon. Or was it may
hap the ; Olympian accident? But let
us riot look too curiously at the good
provided. This it was, that the Pad
erewski that wandered in wraith-like
to the Alhambra platform yesterday
afternoon, ashen-faced and shadowy 7
eyed, damaged not a jot that lovely
thing of dream and -twilight that
"Paderewski" has spelled for most of
us these six years. Even the corus
cating hair was dimmed into a som
ber nimbus and the hands flashed un
certainly through the gloom. No foot
lights? Of course. But one was well
content to lack them. It is not Pad
erewski's fault that he is as much a
picture as a pianist. Nor is it fault in
us so to admire him. But it happens
that his kind of picture of to-day, ro
bust and sunny, is not his picturesque
ness of yesterday, mysterious and elu
sive. And perhaps one liked one's
Paderewski better that way! There
fore down with the footlights!
A few kingly chords and those of
us responsive were in his grip. It was
not a brilliantly responsive audience
as a whole. For an Alhambra full of
people- — the place was crammed from
stem to' stern— there was surprisingly
little noise made. And one wonders
why. Perhaps the cold day, the cool
hall. 'One wonders why in face of
possibly the loveliest pianism of the
day. And of the other pianists I am
now forgetting none. Not even Har
old Bauer. .1 did that at the concert
— forgot every | one. Comparisons
while Paderewski' is playing are im
possible. One simply remembers no
one else. And it is not that the Pad
erewski personality intrudes itself be
tween one and the' composer. One
more delicately, jealously, fastidiously
unobtrusive it were impossible to find.
The charm is simply a matter of a
sheer, all-compelling, all-sufficing
beauty.
"The loveliest pianist of the day — "
I think I am not wrong in so calling it.
The readings, the tone— ah, the tone.
Take the Brahms variations on a Paga
nini theme of yesterday's programme.
Every tonal variation is there. Hear
ing them as Paderewski plays these
variations you subscribe to the impos
sible. The tone is impossibly prismatic.
It pales, flushes, glitters, films into
mist and gossamer, swells Into a titan
volume, thin-edges, dries, roughens —
everything that tone can and cannot
do- and be Paderewski's tone does and
is here. -.And this amid as subtle pian
istic deviltry as you will find! Then
the charity, humor, dignity and sanity
of the reading! Yea, but this is pian
ism, indeed!
The sonata chosen was the Beethoven
"Moonlight." Every one. I think, was
glad to hear this sonata again, now so
out-moded upon programmes as to be
new. Exquisitely voiced was the first
movement; the last brilliantly impas
sioned and dramatic. For me, however.
the peculiar delight. of the reading lay
4n the interpretation of the little alle
gretto — absolute poetry- ■
The Fantasle of Schumann, op.- 17,'
began the . programme. Only after
ward, too, did one remember the Bauer
Schumann! One remembers, too, after
ward, a certain Immaculay of legato
that Bauer hasrwhen he sings his Schu
mann, that perhaps Paderewski has
not in such absolute measure. But —
who thought of that yesterday?
Spiritually one got the very Schumann.
One got eminently the humor of him,
the sometime almost elephantine play
fulness, the smoldering passion, the
shadowed gayety. the caprice, ro
mance, drama. Then there was more
Schumann in the well-known '."Toc
cata," where Paderewski had some
more technical fun ,-with us. But
through it he led, as always, to the
beauty of the thing. It Is only after
ward, * again afterward, that one re
members the 1 technical side of Pad
erewski's art. And when one remem
bers it, one must stop to marvel at the
chords of overwhelming' mass and
power, scales infinitely , fluent, trills
mechanically perfect, double notes —
but where's the use?
One small nocturne, not of much
moment it is to be owned, however
pretty an ingratiating, represented
Paderewski as a composer. It was
very well liked by the audience ap
parently. Then Lizst, with that favor
ite old warhorse, the E Major Polon
aise, closed the programme. It was
lustily encored, the audience seeming
by that time to have aroused to the
situation, and after several futile bows
the pianist complied with the demand
with the "Campanella."
Chopin I have left to the last—Pade
rewski and Chopin. Words fail me, as.
Laura Jean says, when these noble
Poles present themselves together.
Paderewski gave the C sharp minor
scherzo yesterday, that to me seems to
symbolize all Poland, to crystallize
into superbest form the grace, poetry,
passion and fascination of that un
happy race. And so^it was that the
Polish virtuoso played it. It was an
epic. The others of the Chopin group
were the ballade In G minor, magnifi
cently imagined and played; the Pre
lude No. 17, whose reading should for
ever stand as warning to those that so
wickedly caricature the "bell" sugges
tion; three etudes, No. 12, No. 7—en
cored and repeated— and the No. 3 (E
major), adorably played. It was not
our fault that this was not encored.
The. beauty of it claimed silence as
homage. Then again, perhaps, we we.re
afraid that Paderewski would give us
another "Turkish Patrol March," wfiich
he appended as encore to the Brahms
"Variations"! That wasn't nice, you
know.
And now here is to-morrow evening's
programme: *»
Prelude and fugue, A minor (Bach-
Liszt); Sonata, D minor, op. 31,
allegro, adagio, allegretto (Bee
thoven); Impromptu, op. 142 (Schu-
Why Don't You Give Yoursdf or Some-
body aHOUSE AND "LOT for Christmas?
...THE BEST ONES ARE IN...
Oakland, California.'
Write for Particulars and Illustrated Literature.
The Realty Syndicate
1212 Broadway, 14 Sansomc Street,
OAKLAND SAN FRANCISCO. ,
bert) ; serenade. "Hark, hark, the
Lark!" "Erl King" (Schubert-Liszt);
Nocturne, op. 27, G major, Etude, No.
9. op. 25, Mazurka, B flat minor, Valse,
Polonaise, A flat, op. 53 (Chopin);
Melodie, op. 16 (Paderewski); Rhap
sodie (Liszt).
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. December 17.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eu
reka. *
Stmr Lakme, Carlson, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
SAILED
Saturday, December 17.
Ger rtran Menes, Kagelmacher, Hamburg
and wav Dorts.
Stmr Shasta, Hansen. Belllngham.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller. Point Arena and
Albion. «
Stmr Porno. Ahlin, Mendoclno.
Stmr Jeanle, Bartlett. Seattle.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, Eureka.
Stmr F. A. Kllburn. Thompeon, Eureka,
Coos Bay and -Portland.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS, Dec 17, 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT HARFORD — Sailed Dec 17. 6 p m —
Stmrs Asuncion and Coos Bay. for San Fran
cisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr
Coronado. for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Fulton,
hence Dec 16; Btmr Acme, hence Dec lt».
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sailed Dec IT — Stmr Arctic, for Eaa Fr*n
cUco.
HARDY CREKK— Hailed Dec IT— Stmr
Marshfleld. for Pan Dieeo.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Dec IT— Stmr San
Gabriel from Umpqaa River, vta Eureka.
TATOOSH— Passed In Dec 17— Stmr Mack
inaw, b»nce Dec 14, for Victoria.
Fassed out Dec IT — Stmr Montara, from Se
attle, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— S-alled Dee 17— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 17— Schr Lottla
Carson, for Eureka.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr New
York, for Southampton; stmr Zeeland. for
Antwerp.
GLASGOW— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr Numidlan,
for J.'ew York.
LIVERPOOL.— Sailed Dec 17— Stmrs Cevlc
and Campania, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr Vader
land, for New York.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed Dec 11 — Stmr Oscar
II. for New York.
NAPLES — Arrived Dec It— Stmr Nord
America from New York.
GENOA— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Lombard!,
from New York. .. ' . ■
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Stat
emiam. froir. New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Dee 71— Stmr La Savole. for
California!!* i:i Itew York.
NEW YORK, Pec. 17. — The follow
ing Gallfornlana are in New York:
From San Francisco — B. Barnett, at
the Imperial; J. J. Gottlob, at the Gre
gorian; Mrs. L. F. B. Kelsey. at the
Park Avenue, and Mrs. S. Poppin, at
the Cosmopolitan..TOE ROSIINBERG'S
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
THE SAN • ■FRANCISCO/ CALU^ SUNDAY, -18^1004.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOF. ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
55
JOE ROSENBERG'S.56
Anwk/^?' J TrS REDERICKS for newness =- that sums up the
- * whole situation. From the first floor's
N^ij V tt^" beautiful collection of Dining Room Furni-
\Zf ture to the top story's assortment of Car-
(jff^L/ |j«j»^| p e ts, Draperies a*3d Wall Papers, every-
thing is of the latest style and make. As we have
disposed of our old stock at auction our present dis-
play affords a larger gift -selection than will be
j found elsewherel '-
Here are a few suggestions for Christmas:
1 I Verni Martin Cabinets Chairs and Rockers )
$55.00 to $285.00 $ 1 .50 to $ I 50;00
Verni Martin Desks Pecfestals --
h $45.00 to $150.00 $ 2.50to$ 50;00
Ladies' Writing Desks Cellarettes : •
I $ 8.06^to$l50.00 $20.00 to $ 75.00
i Music Cabinets Grandfathers' Clocks
| $ 7;OOto$IOO.OO $15.00 to $550.00^
i ' Book Cases :^-; ? Ladies' Dressing Tables
$ 6.00 to $225.00 $14.00 to $175.00
?• Parlor Tables Morris Chairs
$ 2.50 to $250.00 $10:00 to $100.00
Card Tables Halland Desk Chairs
| $ 3.50 to $125.00 $ 5.00 to $25. 00
\\ Jabourettes K- Costumers
$ 1. 00 to $40.00 $ 5.00 to $50.00
Our Mission Furniture for home and office is the completest in the
city. An inspection of these beautiful models will prove very gratifying
Open Evenings Until Christmas
JosT^rfidGricks &I3
•NEAR MARKET •
Xotlcc U> the Public.
We have learned that certain un
scrupulous grocers are selling bulk
coffee, claiming it to be Golden Gate.
"We beg to inform the public that
Golden Gate Coffee is sold in tins
only, never in bulk.
J. A. FOIX1ER &. CO.. San Francisco.*
Palls Three Stories.
OAKLAND. Dec. 17. — Z. Yano, a
'Japanese window cleaner, had a re
markable fall this morning while in
pursuit of his occupation. He fell
from an attic window to the ground
without sustaining any more severe in
jury than a sprained ankle "and
a sprained back. When he felt him
self going he made a jump of it and
fell on his feet. He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, .where he was at
tended by Dr. O. D. Hamlln.
MAGMNS RELIABLE WEAR^ J^^^.
\j^Mk for WOMENjgd CH1LDR&M
OUR MERCHANDISE ORDERS MAKE A VERY ACCEPTABLE GIFT
*§£$ Many useful and appropriate gifts may be >&4
%ff selected from the various departments. *CSy»
(1 ■ Tor Women: .. W '
\$n SILK PETTICOATS APRONS k
IW WAISTS NECKWEAR J Vk
{!& NEGLIGEES BELTS, HOSIERY II 1
7T TEA GOWNS CRAVENETTES Vj{
L\ HANDKERCHIEFS UNDERGARMENTS Jft/
£ For MISSES and CHILDREN: W
W FUR SETS. DRESSES; S \\
l\ Special Reduction on Coats and Hats. js|r|
J KILTS and KNICKERBOCKER SUITS for small 2^2
j M boys; ages 2 to 6 years. *ifr
. %" For Infants: A.
\\ Every need for Jhe little ones will be found here . \JI
\J\ * n greatest variety. A*«
oW DRESSEO and UNDRESSED DOLLS. ZJ^r
% jfc%& ;r Bc st "Kaestner" make; life-size; jfitfx
918-922 Market St. No Branch Stores.
ADVERTISEMENTS.-
Policeman Brings Suit.
Policeman John Gallaway sued Bar
tholomew Hayes yesterday in the Jus
tice's Court for $293 damages for inju
ries alleged to have been sustained on
November 12. Gqllaway's complaint
says that' -while he was on duty at
Montgomery and Market streets "Hayes
drove his horse and wagon into him.
Jacob Riis WilMjecture.
Hon Jacob Riis of New Tork will
give his first lecture, in this city next
Tuesday night, De'cember ! 20, under
the auspices of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association at its auditorium,' Ma
son and Ellis streets. The lecture will
be on "The Battle With . the Slums"
and will be illustrated with about a
hundred dissolving views. Mr. Rlls
will be introduced by James D. Phe
lan.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
the san franciscq; calu, Sunday. December is. 1904. ~
DIVORCED HUSBAXD WIIiLi
RETAIN DIAMOND ' RINGS
Judge Van Xostrand Rules . Against
Claim of Ernest Bales, Whose
Revolver Killed Woman.
Justice of the Peace Van. Nostrand
yesterday gave Judgment in favor of
Emil A. Engelberg:/ who was sued by
Ernest NJ Bales for ;,the. possession of
two diamond rings. ; The rings were
worn by Engelberg's former wife, who
was. accidentally shot and killed re
cently by'a revolver falling from Bales'
pocket . while- the two were returning
from a buggy ride.
Bales testified that the rings belonged
to him. Engelberg on the other hand
testified that he had purchased one of
the rings and given it to. his wife be
fore their marital troubles commenced.
The other ring, Engelberg said, had
been made out of some old gold which
he and his former wife Jointly owned.
Judge Van Nostrand took that view of
the case and ordered the two rings to
remain in Engelberg's possession.
The Difference Between
An experienced traveler and an amateur
is that the former has the knack of prop
erly equipping himself. We can fit you
out with trunks, dress suit cases, travel
ing rolls, valises, brushes, lap tablets
pocketbookf. combs and toilet articles so
that your trip will be agreeable through
out. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st.»
CITY TREASURER GETS
FORFEITED BAIL MONEY
Attorney Collins Mies Ineffectual De
mand for Return of Coin Be
longing to Chinese C)ignU\ : . : v
The sum of $8300, representing the
forfeited bail money of the Chinese ar
rested for gambling during the Hutton
raid,. was deposited In the city treasury
yesterday. No sooner .was the money
added to the municipal. funds than At
torney George D. Collins filed a formal
demand for the coin. . Collins said the
money was the property of Chin Kim
You and that Police Judge Fritz's or
der forfeiting the bail was void, as, the
Judge had exceeded his. Jurisdiction.
Treasurer John McDougald refused to
turn the money over to Collins.
Fall hats. 1304. just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co., opp Palace.*
Regret Trade, for Ranch.
A year ago last September' Richard
Sture, a Union Iron Works employe,
and his wife Minnie decided to go in
for a rural existence. After long ne
gotiations with Walter F. Price, who
was assisted by a Santa Rosa rea.1 es
tate agent, ; the Stures agreed to trade
their home on Missouri street for Price's
thirty-acre ranch near Sebastopol, in
Sonoma County. In the deal the house
went in at a value 6f $3250 and the
ranch at $7500. Now the Stures repent
of the bargain, and yesterday they*
sued for rescission of the agreement.
.They say they expended $1500 in im
provements 'and then offered - to 'trade
back. ':■: . ■'■'■'• ••,-.: '■
B.F.Stoll. dentist: Halght & Masonic av.*
Money on False Pretenses.
Arthur C. Harris, a young man from
Honolulu, where', he was born, was ar
rested yesterday 'afternoon* by Detec
tives' Whitaker and Silvey and i booked
M v the City /Prison;; on a misdemeanor
charge of obtaining money by*, false
pretenses.' • It;is;alleged .' that] heiwent
to I.; T. Littlefield' of ~> W.' P.;. Fuller :'&'
Co.: on December.l, representing'hirrT
seir. as" agent for; a lumber \ firm : in
Honolulu,; and secured $50' from*:. Lit
tlefield. It is now alleged, that he, was
not an agent for the" lumber^ firm. *
Have it Drinted by. Edward: Knowles Com
saay.'Si Second 5 near; Market! - -•
PLANS IMMENSE
FREIGHT DOCKS
Southern Pacific Prepares
a Great System of Yards
and Wharves ' for Traffic
WORK WILL SOON BEGIN
Large Section '■■' of Oakland
Harbor to; Be Improved
to Accommodate Commerce
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 17.
-Plans; for* an extensive system of
docks, warehouses, railroad yards and
a seawall along. the south side of the
estuary between - Alameda Point and
the Webster-street bridge have been
made by the: Southern Pacific Com
pany. Work will begin with the open
ing of the new year. The great and con
stant increase in the volume of freight,
which is now handled with difficulty
by the ' Southern Pacific Company on
this side of the bay, despite its splendid
shipping^facillties, makes the addi
tional docking, track and storage room
Imperative.'.' The improvements as out
lined will mean the solid building up%f
.that j entire portion . of Oakland - harbor
on < the - souith}^ side \ of the estuary be
tween'f Alameda, Point and the Web
ster-street; bridge. /
'All the water. frontage between., the
points -named is 'the property of the
Southern Pacific c Company, and has
be(»n utilized . for 1 years as a ' laying-up
place - for . and as" a site for
shipbuilding yards and yachting club
quarters.. Notice has been served upon
the tenants of '.the' land, . among which
are' the Hay r & Wright shipbuilding
plant arid the California Yacht Club,
that they must vacate before. the end
of this months
.- In the plan of improvement it is the
purpose of the Southern Pacific Com
pany to begin first, the construction of
four 'freight slips some distance west
of- the > Webster T street ; bridge. Tracks
will be- laid upon these,- making the
slips available for car ferries. Then the
6eawair will be built along the south
harborjlne and the area between the
wall and the mainland will be filled in.
thus: making; more; yard space. .
\With7ihe new,yards and docks in op
eration,; the Southern Pacific- Com
pany's freight. department expects that
much of the. traffic pressure which now
burdens and often congests the yards
at "Peralta street will be relieved.
While'^the main object of the ne-v
freight terminal • will' be to accommo
date the traffic over the South Pacific
Giffe' Coats for Gifts
A Sale to Make
Buying Easier
|i|ppp||lplgy If you want to give the daughter
something useful, something that she
%jr*J* ! jr will appreciate and out of which she
will get pleasure, satisfaction and good
y^rrr — '^^^w service. This sale is planned for those
i \V who . appreciate exceptional values—
/ ll | „ real bargains— and who look at the
/ yliV o °sf\ practical side of giving:
/''Qllo jL\ Girls' $12.00 Coats, $7.50
fC v A good ' gift suggestion. , Five dif-
' , |p : ferent styles of full length cHeviot
/ Sjty d( \ reefer coats.and a line of fancy and
m. 'jtiF Ji \ plain tailored effects, the cream of
W v\' ll \ two lines, which are rf»« C?A
/ 1 ft .1 A worth $12 easily. For the J^ ( .j\)
I lj . j|\\ \ sale the price will be. .... •
jsL^^ Girls' $22.50 Coats, $12.50
. Here's another gift hint — something prac-
Wjl '■•''"•"■" tical for the daughter. We offer a choice
riiL\ collection of tailored coats, all new mate-!
/\^^8^ rials, brown, blue and mannish mixtures,
V9 S the latest styles and highest qualities. "Our -
V regular selling prices have ti* «•! (^ T*f\
been $18 to $22.50. The 1^ B / I
sale price Hr^™^^
HOLroAYHOSIERY I SUK PETTICOATS
Nicely : 4 al .
110XCQ Our; own make, extra quality taf-.
An old:time favorite. Christmas ( feta^ silk petticoats;' made with
i-I r -r f :-■• -tu . r" • tn graduated tucked flounce, in
gift. Thousands of pairs ; to Hghcblue> ■ nAvy>l brown>
choose from. Plenty of new de- gray> white, tan, pink, gun'
signs — a quality: that is unques- 1 metal, -green and black/ 1 $8.50
tionable; and prices that' mean a and $10 values. Spe-e-T CZ(\
positive saving. - ciaI for week at; *?' >OU
LADIES' LISLE THREAD This is a finest suggestion.
HOSE— All ■ new 1905 styles— ' JapailCSC
dainty silk embroidered insteps, . vrB.^U-J / t^W»**^*»*o
plain black and ; colored gauzed ' : ij UI1 ICQ baF ITlCniS
lisle; really serviceable as well; A very exquisite showlng^of :
as ...attractive.-. Put ,:up.6 m^a Japanese Quilted Jackets., and-
. box and priced, spe-C*O jljl Robes special prices in effect now
cial, at ..;....:..:. x?y\yy.; : Japanese , Silk Quilted ; Jackets,
LADIES' BLACK HOSE— All- with, standing turnover. collar,
s over and : ankle lace designs ; _ silk f . ro S s , ? n : f ront ' b , r . 0^ ;
Jmedium weight and gauze; . slccve.colors black navy/. light :
black with :whit C 'sole S .Put;up- blue ,he hotrope, redand pmk,
6 in a.' box :andQOVnn : ' - 1 '"- with; contrasting shades-
• priced, special,Vat:.3>f .UU : \ $5.50
LADIES' ' BLACK HOSE—' Japanese ;Long i Quilted ; Robes— •
"Heavy; or medium weight^ cot- VVitK large round; collar,'; full
t6n;- T plain*black;-' white soles or- isleeves,'; ' Watteau back, trirn-
;' white 'feet; v also plain gauze- med with -silk frogs down
- lisle thread." 'Put -up"6 in 1 , a 'box; .front, silk, cord and tassel, in
and. priced,-- special, . t£l ffft J all shades— excel- C|W- pa
/af.:..: - . .:. 4)l»wv lent-at .:.....:. '^>i^"^y
ropr*£P GPAAfrxve. yf/wp p£A/?y sr
ADVERTISEiiEXTS.
■± A 'CIVIL WAR CAPTAIN. . _. .
Talks to the Point.
"Until about two ■< years ago I had
had ,piles*for about; thirty -years, at
times bleeding and^ very painful. I got
a fifty-cent box of Pyramid Pile Cure
at 1 the 'drug store, and used it and was
entirely cured: got another box in case
I ; needed it, and as the piles, did not
return in six months I gave the remedy
to '■ a friend of mine who wanted the
doctor to operate to - cure . him. My
friend said , he would use the 'pyra-
mids,' but he knew they would. do him
no good,' but they,' cured him of piles
of twenty-five years' standing. I am free
from piles to-day, and have been since
using Pyramid Pile Cure. I was Cap-
tain in the Civil War." James Adams,
Soldiers' Home', Cal.
The majority of people labor under
the impression that an operation is
necessary , in severe cases -of piles, or
hemorrhoids, and are very skeptical
regarding the remedial virtues of any
medicinal compound. Testimony like
the' above^ should, certainly have a
tendency. to dispel this impression, al-
though it is odd that such a fallacy
should prevail, and still more odd that
so many people should think an oper-
ation effects a permanent cure, where-
as the contrary is more often the case.
We advise all sufferers from this
painful complaint to buy, a fifty-cent
package of v Pyramid Pile Cure at any
drug store and"try it to-rnight.
Those interested cannot be too
strongly urged to write Pyramid Drug
Co., Marshall, Mich., for their little
book describing the causes and cure of
Piles, as it contains valuable informa-
tion, and is sent free for the asking.
MAYERLE'S) 1
F c
E 1
Are used by the highest U. S. Army,
Navy and Government Official*.
Are soothing:, restful and strengthening
to lhe eyes and preserve the sight.
Xmas orders issued by Mr. George
Mayerle. Expert German Optician, will
entitle. bearer to a thorough and care-
ful examination. '
FREE OF CHARGE I
AT 1071 MARKET STREET I
Near the corner of 7th St." fj
Oeonre Mayerlc's Eyewater 50c. H
By mail 62c. George Mayerle's an- K
tlseptlc eyeglass cleaners, 2 for 25a JB
Coast narrow-gauge line running to
San Jose and Santa Cruz, the broad
gauging of that road, which is con
templated by the Southern Pacific
Company, will make the new terminal
still more serviceable and important.
This week the new yards of the
Southern t Pacific at Kirkham street
were opened for business. The main
depot there is S60 feet long and 60 feet
wide, built of brick and with an as
phaltum floor laid on concrete. The
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O'Connor, Moffatt ®> Co.
BLACK and COLORED
Dress Patterns
The material for a new dress is a most
pleasing gift for Christmas. We have the
largest andmost varied stock to select from
0
Colored Dress Patterns
Silk and Wool Crepe de Paris $14.00
/Silk and Wool Samite .- 14.00%
Silk and .Wool Figured Samite 10^50
Silk and Wool Crepe DUna 7.00
AU-Wool French Voile.. J0.50'
. All- Wool Tailor Suitings S.75
n All- Wool Devonshire... 9.00\
' All-Wool Check. ...i.
Black Dress Patterns
Zibeline •.^....$3^0
Panne Cheviot...... ................ 5.00'
Crepe Granite • 6.00
Wool Crash. 7.50
Chiffon Broadcloth 9.00
Figured Crepe de Paris .......... ~. . J0.50
Chiffon Samite J2.00
Crepe Imperial. . J4.00
...;NOTE....
Our store will be open evenings until Christinas.
Glove or 1~
Merchandise
Orders X<* jffle/P" \£L
We issue Glove
or Merchandise \^€^ s^^^S? —
Orders which are r^ K* K^fVZ^
redeemable at any
timemandepart. t^jfjjjfp^ §5^T^
old freight office at Sixteenth street
will be remodeled into a sub-office, to
which carload lots for factories . and
other ■ concerns in that neighborhood
will be forwarded."'.' v':
Eyes Blur, Smart or Bum?
George Mayerle'e Eyewater clears blurring
eyes, strengthens weak eyes, cures painful,
itching, discharging or sore eyes and floating
*pots or feellnc like sand In eye»: rests tired
eyes At druggists or from. GEORGE MAT
ERLE. Optlrlan. 1071 Vi Market »t., San Fran
cisco; 60c; by mall, 62c. * *
SEYMOUR HEIRS ANSWER
ALLEGATIONS OF WIDOW
Bitter Contest Promised for Estate
Which Is Estimated to Bo Worth
More Than $750,000. N
The allegations of Susan Seymour,
widow of Simon H. Seymour, in her
contest of his will, in which she ques
tioned the soundness of his mind and
the validity of the testament, were all
specifically denied yesterday in the an
swer of Louisa Hemerson, Henrietta
F. Eckhardt . and Edward Hebrock,
some of the heirs, who are represented
by Bishop, Wheeler & Hoefler.
Seymour was found . dead last . June
In a creek near Bartlett Springs. His
widow obtained ■ special letters-of ad
ministration upon hla $750,000 estate
and later obtained an allowance of
5600 a month. When the will was pro
duced It was found that Seymour had
only left her the half interest in their
community property, consisting of the
Seymour House in Los Angeles and an
interest in a lot on Mission .street. He
stated in the will that his fortune had
grown from the sale of Oakland prop
erty for $100,000 and lots on Market
street for $100,000, which sums he had
reinvested. This ', part of the . estate
was left to a sister and the children of
a deceased brother and sister.
Christmas Clocks and Candlesticks.
Get one of our clocks, the quaint golden
ones that every one wants, or a gold can
dlestick, jewel cuse or ink stand for a
nice and not expensive . Christmas pres
ent. Sanborn. Vail & Co. • » •
Shoplifting. Gang Charged.
Mrs. Lizzie Pierce, Mrs. Bertha
Campbell (alias Allen) and Mrs. Maria
Wagstaff, members of the shoplifting
gang, were • each booked a.t the City
Prison yesterday afternoon by Detec
tives Ryan and Wolters on three
qharges of petty larceny. L. C. Rob
ertson, the colored janitor,, was booked
on a charge of assault with* a deadly
.weapon for' throwing a glass at Mrs.
Pierce about two weeks ago, cutting
her forehead, and also on a charge of
having . lottery tickets in his posses
sion. J. Wagstaff, Mrs. Wagstaffs
hvsband, has been released from cus
tody.
Trapper's CHI cures rheumatism and n««r»l«*«*
DruggUU. 60c flask. Richard * Co.. *0«CU».»
Wants His Sentence.
William Henderson, who- turned
Slate's evidence at the trials of Woods,
Kauffmann and others charged .with
the ; murder of Policeman Eugene'. C.
Robinson and was allowed to plead
guilty to manslaughter, was up for
sentence again before Judge Cook yes
terdayJ He Insisted upon receiving his
sentence, but District Attorney Bylng-,
ton'- said he had not yet heard from
the Governor of Minnesota as to al
lowing "Kid" Gbucher to be brought
here before the expiration of his sen
tence in the penitentiary there. The
Judge granted a continuance till Jan
uary ;16.
In Germany, when the vote of the
jury stands 6 against 6, the prisoner
is acquitted. A vote of - 7 against 5
leaves the decision to the court and in
a vote of 8 against 4 the prisoner Is
convicted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Christmas
Do you wish
to purchase
A Handsome Silk Petticoat?
AStylishTaiior-MadeSuit?
ACravenette Raglan?
An Elegant Dress Skirt?
A Nicely Fitting Jacket?
A Walking Skirt?
A Fur Neck Piece?
If so,
remember the
Black Goods House
1115 Market Street
MOTORI- CYCLES
Axe Beeomizut
Popular
Sspaeially thm a K JP.
£**_«> CALIFORNIA.
yfeWffySr^^ 2Toae So Economical
<*Fftw2E Price $1S5
g^iJ^XiT^ Hew BlcTdei at
Sll^g&Pilfg^; Xeduced Prices.
§04F *17^O. S30. 823.50.
5y*^ o^^S Sea d for Ttltt of
<»«« \ 2nd-Kand Bicycles.
S07-3flUSXNSlLniM^Hii !
\ "■ • '
Tou certainly would not dxtak fcu-
vura water. Salt' mad* from tey
water contains microbes and rerma
and is unfit lor tne table. Zn ordsi
to be sure you have tne purest Salt
you should "et a uacksjre of l«esli«
SterllUed Salt. Shakes fre«ly. does noi
harden. Pree running.
R. MOHR&SON
Manufacturers and Dealers In
Acids and Photo Chemicals
548-550 BATTERY STREET
Tel.' No. Black MO.Pages-57ito168
STATE DEVELOPMENT
WORK IS DISCUSSED
Promotion Committee Meets
PASADENA, Dec. 17.— The second
semi-annual meeting of the counties
committee of the California Promotion
Committee was held in the auditorium
of the Y. M. C. A. building to-day.
It was the largest gathering of persons
Interested in organized development
work ever held in this State. The theme
was "California Publicity" and the en
tire day and evening was occupied in
discussion. Every county in the State,
from DpI Norte to San Diego, was rep
resented. . Mi^ r^suit~-L-\
The meeting was opened by Andrea
Sbarboro of San Francisco, chairman
of the California Promotion Committee,
who greeted the delegates. He stated
that the purpose of the meeting was
to co-operate in advertising the ad
vantages, products and resources of
California in a proper manner.
Francis Q. Story of Los Angeles,
member of the State Publicity Commit
tee, discussed the topic, "The Import
ance of Caiifornians Studying • Condi-,
tons Throughout the State."
James Horsburgh Jr. of San Fran
cisco told of the work of -the railroads
in advertising California.
EXPLOITING CALIFORNIA.
IL M. Weight of Pasadena, member
of the Pasadena Board of Trade, spoke
of exploiting California, the State, and
introduced the following resolution,
which was adopted:
"Resolved, That it is the sense of this
meeting that California, the State,
should be exploited widely in order that
the millions of people now unfamiliar
with its wonderful advantages may be
come informed, believing that the re
pults of the different localities of Cali
fornia will be proportionately greater
by concerted effort than could be
reached by local effort alone."
J. B. Lippincott of Los Angeles, su
perintending engineer of the United
States Geological Survey, spoke on
"Publicity of California Through Offi
cial Publications of the United States
Geological Survey."
Hamilton Wright, who has charge of
the Pub'icatlon Bureau of the Califor
nia Promotion Committee, stated that
the best advertising was the advertis
ing facts and results.
ADVERTISING T1IE STATE.
A. G. Balaam of Lompoc, member of
the State Publicity Committee, dis
cussed by what measures of pubilicity
the various localities can best serve
their particular interests. He . recom
mended placing our choice articles in
Eastern mazagines and periodicals,
stating nothing but what can be backed
by ratural observation. He then intro
duced the following resolution, which
was adopted:
"Resolved, That the several local de
velopment organizations of the State be
advised that their local interests can be
best served by carefully looking after
new arrivals in the State, and . It Is rec
ommended that they have their agents
interview these people on the trains and
that literature regarding different lo
calities be distributed among them, and
that the local organizations make .it
their business to see that all newcomers
receive fair treatment and that unre
liable schemes be discountenanced. It
is also recommended that the local^ or
ganizations keep up civic pride in their
several localities, and by making these
localities more attractive draw new
comers their way. It is further recom
mended that all local organizations of
each county that have not already done
so be urged to appoint representatives
on the County Promotion Committee."
• Secretary W. S. McMahill of the
San Jose Chamber of Commerce dis
cussed the exploitation of California
products and introduced the following
resolution, which was adopted:
"Whereas. It is a well-known fact
that the system by which the products
of California are now placed! In the
markets of the world is not equalj to
the exigencies demanded by the situa
tion; therefore, be ft
"Resolved. That the pla^i of the State
Publicity Committee to exploit the
I PROMINENT MEMBERS OF PRO
MOTION COMMITTKE WHO
SPOKE AT PASADENA. '
products of the State be approved, and
that as attractive packages and uni
form quality are important factors in
creating a greater demand, . the atten
tion of all packers of fruits and all
other products be called to the mat
ter, and that its importance be im
pressed upon them."
DEVELOPING OUR RESOURCES.
Rufus P. Jennings, executive officer
of the California Promotion Committee,
spoke of California publicity, and said:
•'California -publicity is a matter that
deserves the earnest thought of every
man engaged in assisting to develop
the'State. We are all working for the
object — to make California still greater
by more fully developing her resources.
This can be done by increasing the pro
ducing and consuming population. In
order to bring this population and to
exploit our products publicity is re
quired—concerted, aggressive publicity.
I am convinced that this business of
advertising California and her products
can be carried on with a greater degree
of success than Is readily comprehend
ed, but it must be done in the right
way, and not by a scattering of ammu
nition. By working together and on
business lines Caiifornians can accom
plish wonders for their State. Let all
pitch in and accomplish these won
ders."
Jennings introduced the following res
olutions, which were adopted:
"Resolved, That the counties commit
tee of J the California Promotion Com
mittee, representing development or
ganizations from the State of Califor
nia at large, considers the Improvement
of the San Joaquin and Sacramento
rivers and the drainage and protection
of adjacent lands of material Import
ance to the interests of the entire
State; and, be it further -
"Resolved, That it is the sense of this
meeting that the work should be car
ried on with all due diligence,' and that
the delegates present .lend their per
sonal efforts to assist in the consum
mation of such measures as may be de
cided upon '. by the . authorities having
the matter In charge.'! -!
C. A. Moody of Los Angeles, mem
ber of the Los Angeles Chamber: of
Commerce, delivered a. paper on the
'•California of To-Morrow."
INDORSES PORTLAND FAIR.
JohnC. Ing, secretary of. the Cham
ber of Commerce at Sacramento,- spoke
on the "Benefits of Concerted -Effort."
Ing emphasized the" benefits which had
come to the Sacramento Valley, asa re
sult of the work of the Sacramento
Valley Development Association.
Brainard C. Brown of Alameda then
Introduced the following, resolution rel
ative to the Lewis and - Clarke "Exposi
tion, which was adopted:
"Resolved, That the counties commit
tee of the Calif ornla ' Promotion Com
mittee, representing ■ the '.various
velopment organizations of the'State' of
California, does heartily indorse the
coming exposition to be held in" Port-
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY. DECEMBER IS, 1904.
COURT REJECTS
MANY BALLOTS
Votes, Cast in Four Pre
cincts in Denver Thrown
Out by the Chief Justice
ADAMS- MAY BE LOSER
Decision Gives Republicans
a Solid Delegation From
the Capital of Colorado
DENVER, Dec. 17.— Chief Justice
Gabbert to-day announced the decision '
of the Supreme Court to throw out. the'
entire vote of three precincts of Ward '
Five and one precinct of- Ward Seven
at the late election on the ground that
gross frauds were -committed in direct
violation of the injunction served upon '
the election officials., Judge Campbell
concurred in the decision, but Judge
Steele dissented, . saying that only the
illegal votes, which had been identified,
shouH be rejected and that the legal
votes should be counted. The decision
does not affect the votes for President"
and Congressmen, which had already
been counted with the permission of the j
court. I
Through the action of the court in
excluding five Denver ' precincts from
the abstract of returns to date the Re
publicans will secure a solid delegation
In the Legislature from the city of
Denver and county of Arapahoe and
will obtain control of both branches of
the Legislature, which canvasses the
vote for State officers. On. the face of
the returns Alva Adams, Democratic
candidate for Governor, had a plurality
of about 11,000. but the Republican'
managers claim that when all fraudu
lent votes are eliminated Governor Pea
body will have a plurality and will be
reseated.
Joseph W. Ray, an election judge,
who is serving a sentence of six months
in jail for contempt of court, received
■word to-day that his aged father, A.
M. Ray, dropped dead at his home in
McLainsborougti, 111., after reading a
letter from his son giving a complete
account of the circumstances leading to
his incarceration.
land, and wish for. it all success. And
it is. ■'- . ■ . ' : - •-, . ' ' .." ■ ■ ' ■ SJii
"Resolved, -That; it is the sense of this
meeting that California should -be Rep
resented in a fitting manner; -^rad .-ft is
further. . ..-'■'■ .'•" .
"Resolved, That the excursion to the
Lewis and Clarke Exposition, under the
auspices of the California Promotion
Committee, be w commended." ..
The most effective way of investing
county appropriations was the subject
of a thoughtful paper by L. W. Jeffer
son of Hollister, secretary of the Cali
fornia Central Coast Counties Improve
ment Association. The following reso
lution introduced by Jefferson was
adopted:
"Resolved, That the Supervisors of
the fifty-seven counties of California
be respectfully requested to set apart a
portion of the amounts appropriated for
advertising purposes to be devoted to
general advertising by the State pub
licity committee of the California Pro
motion Committee, as it is the opinion
of this meeting that such advertising
is bound to be of great benefit to the
different counties, in that more effective
publicity can thus be given them.
METHODS OF PUBLICITY.
Edward P. Antron, chief of the in
formation bureau of the California
Promotion Committee, spoke on in
forming prospective settlers.
Morris Brooke of Sacramento, mem
ber of the State Publicity Committee,
spoke upon the State Publicity Com
mittee and Its methods and introduced
the following resolution, which was
adopted:
"Whereas. The State Publicity Com
mittee of the California Promotion
CommfUee has for its ; object the ad
vertising of California throughout the
world on a more -comprehensive scale
than has as yet been atetmpted; and.
"Whereas, This committee - has out
lined a plan of action that when carried
into effect cannot fail to-benefit the en
tire State; and,
"Whereas, A fund commensurate
with the magnitude of, the undertaking
is absolutely required; be It
"Resolved, That the delegates to. this
meeting use every effort to have a
portion of the advertising appropria
tions of their respective ..counties de
voted to the work above referred to of
the State Publicity Committee,
J. J. Byrne of Los Angeles, general
passenger agent of the Santa Fe; dis
cussed the topic, "How the Railroads
Are Advertlslng^Calif ornla."
Duncan McPherson of Santa Cruz
spoke on "The Kind of Advertising Lit
erature That Is Most Effective." He In
troduced the following resolution, which
was adopted: :
"Resolved, That all development or
ganizations throughout ; the State be
urged. to print only such ; literature as
may stand the test of approval by the
State .Publicity Committee. To secure
such approval It will be necessary -that
the pubiished literature be of a high' or
der inits make-up and subject matter.
.That It be 'uniform in style; so- far as
practicable without exaggeration of the
advantages of localities and " free from
disparagement of other localities."
." Lewis E.'Aubury, State Mineralogist,
spoke upon the work 'of the State Min
ing Bureau. He urged that those who
.are ; considering v the constructions of
buildings should examine Into the",pos
sibilities: of California's building mate
rial • before going out of the ' State. ' '■
I R. P.* Lathrop of Hollister urged that
the '■ Vancouver Pinnacles in , San , Benlto
County; be set apart as a natlona>parkr
Lathrop;.sald that, a committee i jfroin
the "Bureau lot Forestry ; had : already
made a report on the matter, and thata
bill "would-be presented -. by, Congress
man Needham
TEN-STORY BUILDING FOR MARKET STREET
W'ILL • STAHD' : ME)^T TO IP^IL/^CE HOTEL
COURT GOSSIP
OF STATESMEN
Frank P. s Flint of Los Angeles; and
George .A. Knight of San Francisco,
candidates for the United States Sen
ate, have each engaged rooms for head
quarters on "the second or parlor floor
of the Golden Eagle" Hotel. Senator
Bard has engaged rooms across the
street. In the Capitol Hotel. The rooms
reserved for Mr. Flint were occupied
by the forces of General Barnes during
the prolonged Senatorial contest of
1899. Rooms which Colonel D. M. Bums
used in that campaign have been as
signed} to Mr. Knight.
There is some talk at the ■ Palace
court to the. effect that the Legislature
will organize on Monday, January. 2, so
that the balloting for United States
Senator, which must begin on the sec
ond Tuesday . after the ; Legislature or
ganizes, will?. take place on Tuesday,
January 10. jSome of ' the "' statesmen
fancy, that .The Senator will be v elected
on the second 4 ballot In joint conven
tion. If early organization be effected,
so that balloting'may begin on the sec
ond Tuesday of January, the first joint
convention will assemble on Wednes
day, January 11.
The story is going the rounds of the
political camps that many complimen
tary votes for local favorites ■ will * be
cast'on the first ballot. It is said,, for
instance, that/A. Ruef will get' eleven
votes in the first - show down. U. S.
.Grant, J. O. Hayes, Arthur Fisk, Al
den Anderson and ; I. W. Hellrrian ■ Jr.
may. figure- In the early balloting. ■ The
Impression' Is general that; ; Senator
Bard will take the lead at the start.
Forty-two votes for Bard on .the; first
ballot in joint convention ; would, ap
proximate the figure claimed by his
supporters. •
Either, E. I. Wolfe or Frank W.: Lea
vltt will -be ■ chosen^President Prb-tem.
of the Senate. ' The forecasts /yester
day favored Wolfe, Prescott's chances
for the Speakership". are brightening.
The word is passed : around " that he Is
Governor Pardee's:, choice. As a rule
the statesmen r want to ■ be ;' next to - the
Governor. The Governor,; it Is .said,
desires . nothing more than a ■; hold on
the reins, so "as to prevent V the - Legis
lature from running^ wild with appro
priations of public money.- . " -
There are- Indications that J. Step
pacher, assistant ; secretary of ! the ' Re
publican State Committee, - will be
chosen chief clerk of, the , Assembly. .
'.' State Senator ; Benjamin ■ W. Hahn,'
who was in San' Francisco several" days
this week, -left the^clty for Sacramento
last ■ Ke . expects to engage
a house in ; the capital city . for, the : use
of himself -. and - family during: the"ses-"
slon of the •Legislature.
; Senator \William v H. Savage ' of San
'Pedro was; at' the7 court! of the Palace
Hotel i yesterday. ...; He .was ? fortunate
enough, ; some ■' time : ago, to . secure*: a
desirable '■ house ' In Sacramento. t ■/■
I Senator : John / B. \ of * Downie-^
ville, who .was In , town ; yesterday, 'will
.visit , Sacramento to-day_ '• and ; look r at
the available"; dwelling:: houses. V :~,
Assemblyman * Frank A. Duryea „ of
Placer j" J. i P. \Trahsue of Los V Angeles,
John^A;VBlissJ of 1 Alameda and ■ S. H.
pimsted [of . Sanl Rafael ■ are ": .among I the
vlsitlngTstatesmenjln: the city;- ' vC
s A '-. dream * of 4 pleasure, » the new, two • for
luarter slxe • American.-. S2 75 box 25. ? ' •
1VIEAV OF THE TEN-STORY MONADXOCK BUILDING TO BE -ERECTED ON j
- -MARKET STREET. WEST OF THE PAI^AOC HOTEU BY HERBERT E. LAW,
UPON THE SITE OF THE PRESEN T BISHOP BUILDING. I
MAKE A PLEA
FOR OUR SHIPS
WASHINGTON, -Dec." 17.— Some ques
tions relating to the construction of the
Panama ''.canal -were .brought to the at
tention of: President Roosevelt' to-day.
Representatives Humphrey and 'Jones
of Washington called -at the White
House to lodge a protest with the Pres
ident against •, the shipping ■ of lumber
from the Puget- Sound territory to the
canal, zone in Germant vessels. The
President was informed that the Canal
Commission had ; made : a .contract .- In
Washington for three million; feet 1 of
lumber, and that all this lumber was
to be- shipped to the' canal \ strip "In
German bottoiris, to the absolute exclu
sion 'of .American vessels, .which ; were
lying in ' Puget r Sound waiting for busl-^
nessr ; "■:'' '' ■/■-. ■ . ; ' -
Representative Humphrey, t who . is a
member of "the Merchant Marine Com
mission,'* told the • President; t)wtt : forty
American ; ships were lying, Idle . in: th e
waters of Washington, while the
man ships /were carrying the" lumber to
Panama.; Bids had" been submitted by
both American and • German vessel
owners. They", did riot vary .materially
as to - price, ' but {the German vessels
were willing : to ' carry^ : the plumber. In
broken- cargoes,/,; while the American
vessels {wanted . full cargoes. ..The con
tract hadbeen : awarded toj the German
ships '■.-. of > the : Steairiship ■ line.
The ■ President's callers felt that the
awarding .of -the contract to -German
vessels .was .' a { discrimination against
American shipping, which ought not to
be : sanctioned..: The , President prom
ised to 'look into the. subject. .
: ; Later' In 'the day I Admiral Walker,
preslderityof' the ; Panama; Canal' Com
mlsslorir .called :' on the ? President arid
told him that'the.commlsslon had made
Its ; contract .with .the ;; Belgium Bay
Lumberi Company . fpr .delivery on * the
canal 'strip,? and; that ;,the commission
had '; nothing ~\ to * do with ■; the
contract , inade , for. shipping the! lurnber
from v Puget *■ Sound .Xo ' Panama. . ■
When You » Need Money.
l- : When *a : mant needs money;and doesn't
know, where \ tolturn" for] it," he > will 1 then
wish, that he* had "observed ithat- good old
maxim. care' of 'I the \ pennies :" and
the 'pounds i will .' take , s care of 1 them :
selves." *vlf there is a ?to, success
Itl is iri; saving. * This : Is ' the foundation
to wealth. - You : ; can" start «. with $1 : with
the < Phoenix-; Savings ? B. '-, and i L. Ass'n.
516 California' street., receiving 4 % , per
cent j interest,* compounded semi-annually.
On- term accounts 6 per cent is paid/pay
able seml-annually. Paid-up capltal.i $ 1,
250.000;:guarantee,fund. $200,000." .The
directors ■ are ~ A; A/- Watklns. : Chas.'. R.
Bishop,^ Geo.-'C.TBoardman.' S. ■Prentlss
Smith,'. Gavin; McNab. " Chas.- i E.C Ladd ;
Clarence Grange, managring director, i* >:
* : The rule of : the . road ' to ; literary .- suc
cess ia ; "KeepltolthelwriteaBaiHMl
Pages 57 to 68
NOVEL ANSWER
OF BONDHOLDER
A solution of the divorce problem is |
suggested ' in "\ the novel defense set up
by, Samuel L..Lavinburg to the suit of
Bertha Lavlnburg for divorce. The de
fendant is 74 years old, and it. was only
six years ago that * he married Mrs.
Bertha Giass after being assured that
the matrimonial venture would not in
terfere with"' his title to about. $40,000
worth: of stocks and bonds: Before the
wedding he had the future wife sign an
acknowledgment, that she knew him to
be worth $40,000 and expressing a will
ingness that his fortune should always
remain his personal property, upon
which she would make . no claim. To
make her assurance doubly sure he had
her- sign . another, agreement tt» marry
him on condition that If afterward she
should become; dissatisfied she might
leave him .or. he might leave her, and
she would refrain from suing him for!
maintenance or alimony at any time.
The aged husband declares that he is
willing • to support his wife if she will
return to; him. -He -says he did not
know she was dissatisfied, because she
never comDlained to him, and he de
nies that he compelled her to subsist
on beans, rice, stale bread and rancid
butter.' He says that; he 'is', too '.old to
work and - Is obliged to • live economic
ally on the income '. from his securities.
This income is limited, he declares, be
cause he Is paying > interest on a debt
of 529,000 arid trying to reduce the prin
cipal. In '_ spite ; of, the ante-nuptial
agreements ' Mrs.' Lavlnburg sued, and
Judge Kerrigan has allowed her $25 a
month alimony pending the trial of the
case. ; ; _ _^ ; f V - t . I '
, Emll Coret. ' a scedal policeman, . is
charged by -his; wife, Mary, with nearly
all % the '■. statutory grounds of divorce,
but- in the suit filed yesterday she only
asks ' for $50 a month for her separate
maintenance. ■; Mrs. ■ Coret says that her
husband has . threatened ; her life with a
pistol; that he 'has refused to provide
for, his . two , children, , the youngest of
which is a , babe, of five months, . and
that he has been . guilty of infidelity
with ' a . woman named Jodee. She de
clares that; he 'arid the Jodee woman
h*a ve consplrjed to steal the Coret In
fants and depart.
' 'rEoxfa ;: B. ' Touhy sued^ Edmund J.
Touhy for divorce ,'on *ne ground •'of
cruelty. They; were ; married 'April 2
last, \ and I two'i months T later) Vshe says,
he compelled • her to associate wi th ' his
disreputable ; friends.
Did You Ever Stop to Think
What a - pleasure ■ it" Is ? to ; look ' at pretty
photographs?, /Get a camera and ..take the
photographs yourself. vWe, have cameras
from 80 • cents up. Films.i papers,* print
ins and developing. Sanborn,' Vail & Co.*
It Is announced that the first step
toward demolishing the Bishop building
on Market street and the erection of a
fine ten-story office .. structure in its
place will be taken early in the com
ing year. The central location of the
building site and the size and ccst of
the structure that has been planned,
give interest to the project of Herbert
E. Law, the owner of the property.
Next east of the^Xiaw building, which
will be known asthe Monadnock, Is tha
Palace Hotel; to the west is the Ex
aminer building- v The Law building sits
includes an area of 22.800 square feet
and this will be entirely covered by the
Monadnock. The frontage on Market
street is 142:6 feet and there is the
same frontage on Stevenson street, to
which the lot extends. Between the
Palace Hotel and the site Is Annie
street, and this gives an additional
frontage of 160 feet on the east.
For some time Mr. Law entertained
the Idea that he would rebuild the pres
ent Bishop building, improving it large
ly.by the addition of stories, to the end
that he might create another hotel for
Market street. Interest ran high over
the prospect of maintaining two large
adjoining hotels on the city's principal
thoroughfare. ..This, Idea was discussed
in and out of the offices of the 'broker's
of real estate and among others who
were able to estimate the Income that a
new hotel would be likely to yield.
It was finally concluded that an office
structure would pay better than a - ho
tel, also that, in the long run. it would
be more economical to expend a large
sum to provide something entirely mod
ern and up-to-date than it would be to
patch up an old building.
Since this conclusion was arrived at
architects have been drawing plans for
the Monadnock. Mayer & O'Brien, ar
chitects, who supervised the construc
tion of the Rialto and other large
structures, were Intrusted with the lat
est and most important of the Law un
dertakings.
The Monadnock will be fire proof
throughout. In all respects it will be
made efficient as an office structure
and will contain nearly 600 offices. The
Market street front will have only suf
ficient stone work to protect the steel
frame, - the purpose being to get the
benefit of the maximum of light, and
to take advantage of thetadvertlslng
value of Market street.
A central light court, 45x65 feet, will
supplement the light that come3 from
three frontages. This court will be
lined with white enameled brick. Five
passenger elevators and one freight
elevator will serve the upper floors. An
elaborate vestibule' and entrance hall
way will be richly finished in royal red
Numidlan marble and bronze.
. The basement will contain a larg&v
grill room and cafe, to be reached
from the main entrance hall or through
a separate entrance on Annie street.
The grill room will be in the Eliza
bethan stvle. The caf« will be in ma
hogany and marbles.
All the wood work In the building
will be mahogany. The corridors will
be wainscoted with marble. A barber
shop will be placed on the tenth floor.
The confidence that Mr. Law has in
the future of San Franci3co is shown In
his decision to demolish so good a
building \ as the one now standing on
the- site of the "future Monadnock.
The Ulshop building, as - it is. would
pav a larse v income for many years.
The amount of money to ; be invested
in the Monadnock Is riot given put
by Mr. Law or by those who represent
him. The. sum Is very large, probably
$l,C<h).OOO. " .•« _
.-.;' Specia 1 sale of souvenir shaving * ran *a
and shaving outfits. Deckelman ' BrtML.
106 E1113 street. •58
JOHX D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to ■■- ■
JOHN' McXAUGHT Manager ,
W. J. MARTIN' easiness Manager !
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Tftlsh.
Publication Of Bee..... Market and Third. S. K.
EditorUJ ltocnis 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cte. Per Week. *5
CU. Per Month. - Single Ccples 5 Cts.r
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Caeh VUth
Order) : - -.„ ~
DAILY CALL <lnclu<J. Sunday). 1 J« lr -"'°Sl
DAILY CALL tinclud. Eundar). 6 inos... 4.00
I»AIL,y CALL — By Single Month «•>«
fWXDAY CALL. 1 Year f-JJJ
WK7CKLY CALL, 1 year x:""^}iiZ
ggg !"»&«£ P i»
PObTAOE. 1 Weekly- 10 0 per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
fairplc "Copies will be forwarded " when re*
quested. .
Mail subscriber* In ordering change or aa-
£rc» should be particular to give both NEW
AN1> OLU ADDRESS In order to ln»ur« a.
Vrcznpt tnd ccrrect compliance with their re-
GttesX.
OAEXAND OFFICE:
10)6 Eroadwa*- Telephone Main 10S3
r^^XELEY OFFICE: '. r ;'-, :r£
J14S Onter Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaMorf -Aster is. Hotel; A. Brentaao. 81
t'Mon Square: Murrar Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hcrrxnsn House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Shtrctn House: P. O. New, Co.: Gj* at
Northern Hot?!; Tremont Houee; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Houee.
CHICAGO P.EPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROONESS. Manjuette Building.
(Lccg Distance Telephone, "Central 26l». ')
N1TW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: j
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square]
BUSINESS OFFICE cr the San Francisco Call j
corner Market and Third etreets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market Etreet opposite Fifth; open urtll
11 p. in. <
$27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open catll
8:30 p. ra. /
*0O Hayes street ; open until 0:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m. j
615 Lerkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh «treet; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church end Duncan streets;
open until 8 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. ra.
gEAX ESTATE — CITt— rO» 8ALZ.
MADISON & BURKE. !
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. i
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858. j
80 Montgomery et ..Opposite Lick House J
♦40.000 — Corner on Octavla «t., near Sutter; !
flats resting for over » per cent; lot '
<K)xS7:«.
$22.S0G — Haye c et.. near Gough; best block en j
Hayes et. : etore* ana fiats; large lot;
rented low at $120.
$20.000— Poweii-st. business property; «»-foot
front, running through to rear »treet; !
old improvements paying $1260 per an- I
sura; flne property to Improve. -'\*
$:0.730— Page «t. ; 2 up-to-date flats. « and 7 |
rooms and bath: annual rent $300. t
$3.200 — Montgomery uvt.. near Chestnut: 3
modern runny flats with large basement;
2 frontactti; ren-.s $504 yearly.
«2.&C0— Alabasci st.; large lot. 60x80. with S-
roora house; rauit be sold.
f6,000— Store and flat. ,6 rooms and bath j
abo\>. on-Oak et.: rent $630 per an-!
r.um; this Is worth looking Into.
$C,OOO— Bryant St.. near Third: modern flats;
well rented; lot 25x£U
$4,250 — Leavenworth »t., in choice location;
house of C rooms and bath; lot 22:6x70
feet; rtnt $3GCt per annum.
JS.OOO — Folsora st.. near Second, north side of |
etreet; large lot and house of 13 rooms, j
CHOICE INCOME PROPERTY. i
$5,000 — 2 modern flats; 5 rooms and bath ■
each; near Market and Guerrero sts.; '
rent $W>4 per annum.
$3,000— Two fine lote; Peulah st., near Stan- j
yan; f>0xlS7:6.
$2,450— Lot 25x125 en flne street, near Du- t
boce Park and gtelner st. ; flne lot for '
fljits; all new improvements on the block. I
9S.O00 — North Beach Investment; 4 flats; rent
$504 per annum; large lot. 40 ft. front,
en Bay ct.
fS.COO — Fine home. » rooms and bath, on Sec-
crd ave., near the i*rk.
Lets 27:6x127:6, oc Sutter St.. between Steiner :
and Pierce.
,
Buildtag lou, NE. comer Golden Gate ave.
and Baker rt. : in sixes to suit; prices
.'rcm $2000 upward.
MADISON & BURKE.
30 Montgomery tt., opp. Lick House.
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
.„„,_ 138 MONTGOMERY ET.
$40,000— No better Investment in the market
than this; Western Addition flats; 4 ani
Ti room*; modern and very pretty; n«
nurh thir.g as a vacancy: pays $4500 a
year; with a mortgage of $20,000 it will
pay IS per cent on your equity.
$30,000— A Slxth-st. comer; transfer point:
large lot and eplendid Improvements;
etcre and fiats; pay* a little over 6 per
cent; values on Sixth st. growing rap--
idly.
$17.500 — Harrison at.; northerly corner; large
lot with fair Improvements; store* and
flats; Jl&oo a year; good property to
hold.
113.000— Washington st. : north line: in choice
part of Western Addition; 3 handsome
modern fiaU; see these before buying;
pays $'^00 rearly.
112.000— Panhandle district: 3 flats nearlng
complmlM: all finished 'n flne shape;
will rent for $lt70 per annum.
$4.M0— Harriet- st. Investment; E. side and
therefore adjoining r«ar of Sixth-st
■property; large lot, which will be very
valuable as a part of a Slxth-et. invest-
ment come day; .flats paying $43. a
mocth; 12 r»r cent.
tI3.000— VaUcJo St.; modern house of 9 rooms
and 2 baths; very pretty and only 2
year* old. '
$»,20v»— N>ar l«th and Ca«ro «u.; modern *»-
story; 7 rooms; bm plumbing
$3,(00 — McAllister rt.. near Golden Gate Park-
very prrtty modern cottage
II.W0— 25th et.; &0 ft. lot and a cottage: the
lot alone *°«h o n»ore than the price.
$5,000 to $12, 000— Finest lots in Proaidlo
, n «y^ H<"!g*J»; views that cannot be cut off.
$2.200— Mission; *nsp; O ft. lot on 17th «t
. BOARDMAN BROS., ft CO..
1.38 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you realize that the growing city of San
Francisco has cniy a small' area of
Ocean Beach?
Artoundlng prices wl!l be obtained for lots
fronting the ocean In near future.
".-.-» effer the only graded Jots fronting right
on boulevard, ocean and park.
f !.*.!• to $1000— Unobstructed ocean and park
, i >tt Lots ca easy terms. None like
„ th*m in this city. Selling rapidly at
our low {trices and terms. Don't
miss (his opportunity; - se*
them to-day.
1100 to tZZO — Near park and ocean; $3 monthly.
Get off car at' our Ooranside branch office on
corner II st, and 47th ave.. open dally
' ' and Sunday.
1300 tc $1100 — Choicest Sunset and Richmond
. lets. Ob Installments.
tu< to $400— Level Excelsior Homestead lots/
Near cars. $3 monthly. ., -
f:2Cf' *o $3000 — Modern cottages in Sunset.
Richmond. Ocean*!de acd Mission;
, tasy terms. .
■L GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
P.ooxn M, fourth floor. Chronicle bids.
$700 FOR A LARGE BUILDING LOT, near
Key Route in Santa Fe, Tract, Berkeley; > 30
nlKutes from San Francisco: easy - monthly
3aym<>nt*; street tvwrk completed: good local-
ly. HOLCOMB. HREED & BANCROFT. 1060
Broadway. Oakland.
4. GOOD . 12-roore 2-etory house;" h!jrh ba»*>-
tnent; fine lars* lot; rood view; \ one block
from car line; $SOCO. Call 10ft Patton st.,
6e*r Mission, hours 10 to 2.
BEAL rSTATB— CTTY— rOB SAX.E.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery at..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$40,000— Rents 43000 per annum; O'Farrell St..
j close in; apartment house of S9. rooms;
nicely arranged " and under secured
lease; lot 27:6x112:6.
$32,000— Rents nominal; Turk sL. near Jones;
choice holding to improve with modern
! building; 60 feet front.
$28,000— Rents $1560 per aanum; Eddy st., nr.
.Jones; 3 modern -flats of 7 room* and
bath each; rants can readily be in-
creased; lot 27:6x137:6.
$27,500— RenU $1440 per annum; close to
O'Farrell and Taylor tts.; improvements
consist of thr«« 2- story dwellings; a
splendid holding to Improve with mod-
ern building; lot 45 feet front.
$23.000— RenU $2320 per annum: ont of the
beet corners In the Mission; a 4- story
and basement building, containing two
stores and lodging-house; a splendid
holding. fci'i"jKi<iafett*
$23,500— Rents $2340 per annum; 6 new flats,
eub*tantially built and with all the
latest modern improvements; "near 'the
park; price reduced to make a quick
■tale; lot 60x137:6; & snap.
$20,000— Rents $2100 per annum; Chinatown
property; 2 frontages, and leased to one
tenant.
$17,500— Rents $1344 per annum, which are
low; Polsom St.. near Fourth; good,
substantial Improvements consist of 2
store* and * flats; lot 50xSO; bound to
enhance.
$13.000— Rents $900 per anntwn. which are low;
choice corner on 6th st.; improvements
comlrt of 3-story building containing 2
stores and lodging-house; lot- 26 feet
front. ' '
$13,000 — One of the best locations In the Mis-
sion; substantially built 3-story and
basement building containing store and
2 fiats; occupied by a well-established
bakery; must sell owing to sickness;
the price includes etore fixtures, bake
overs, etc.
$13,750 — Price reduced from $16,000 to make a
quick sale; 3 elegant new modern flats,
handKomely finished; In the Western -Ad-
dition; 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$1740 per annum; magnificent marine
view; mortgage can remain. ■ " -
$3,500 — Bartlett st. ; a good convenient home
cf 12 rooms ar.d bath: lot 62:tixll7:S
to an alley; a snap. ■
$5,000 — Rents $7«S per annum; a desirable
corner in the Mission; improvements
consist of 2 * tores and 2 flats; a good
corner; lot 34x100. ■ :
$2,250 — Guerrero St.; choice building for resl-
j yi-f J denee or fists; desirable location; lot
1 25x125.
j $1,750— Fair Oaks St.; 2 desirable building
! lots for residence or fiats; surrounded
■ by choice residences; tot £5x123.
I For further particulars of the above and
J for the Real Estate Record, containing list of
! properties for *ale In all- parts of the city,
i Inquire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery St., "
Real Estate Dealers and Auctioneers.
! SPECK A CO..
i 209 MONTGOMERY ST.
Felling. Rents Collected.
Leasing. - Insurance.
] INCOME PROPERTY.
; $100,000— Choice business property on Ellis St..
I not far from Mason; good Improve-
] ments; lot 50x137:6; stores and lodg-
ings.
. $52.500 — Splendid new building; 56 rocms ani
20 baths; leased; cash security; rents
$1370 year.
$42,000— Post and Taylor els.; 2 frontages; 40
feet front: $300,000 In Improvements In
course of -erection opposite.
I $23,500 — Swellett W. A. corner; rented low
at $170 month.
i flT,, 500 — 50 feet on Poet St.. close In: $15,000
) mortgage can remain; pays 7 per cent
! net. , • ■ ■ . •
1 $20,500— Polk st.; 2 stores; lodgings above;
$152 60 month; mortgaged $10,000,
i which can remain; snap. ' .
j $17.500— Splendid 3CxlS7:0 building lot: renta
$30 month; close to Ellis and Leaven-
worth "«ts.
i $17,500—50 ft. corner near 6th st.^. fine im-
provements; pays over $2000 a year.
; ?15.C00— « fine Mission flate; rent J1S5; lot
55x125.
| $12,750 — New flats, close to Golden Gate Park;
i rents $137 M> month,
j $12.000— Fine buildings; lot 41x137:6; Pine St.;
' eplendid location.
$11,500—3 fine flau on Devisadero St.; rents
$100 month.
fll.MiO— Swell building lot; close to Pine and
Muon sts.; magnidcent view; cheap.
$9.00©— .1 fine \V. A. flate; lot 25x122:6; rents
$75 50 month. - |
$S,250 — MiMlon business corner; stores and I
flats: rents $94 month. \
$5.200— Lot 33x80; flats and rear house; now-
renting for $43 month.
! $4.0C0— .1 small flats south cf Market; rents
$35 month.
! BUILDERS' REMODELING' CHANCE
■ $9.C00 — SE. corner Sutter and Scott ste • JO
room reridt-nce; change ;into flats and
4 stores below- wljl rtnt.eaaUy for $175
month; co»t about S50W).
* RESIDENCES,
i $15.5CO^Callfomla-«t. ■ residence; large lot
and grounds; 12 rooms and bath.
( $15,000 — Pine «t.: lot C8:ttxl37:6; magnificent
; residence. 11 rooms and bath. !
: We hav« lots of fine residences.
| LOTS.
i $26, OCO — Elegant marine view, unsurpassed:
over b'J feet front and 140 feet depth,
with L; Pacific Heights.
I $20,000 Splendid 3O-foot corner in the who'.e-
rale section ; can make secured lease
v.-uh new building for $150 per month.
J $C,75C— 50x137:6 feet; Pacific Heights
$4,500— M> leet on First ave. boulevard, close
to Lake st.
I $1.500 — 6th ave.. cloee to park; SO minutes
from Market and Kearny tt*.
SPECK & CO.,
200 Montgomery st.
i ~~~~ nzm
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
. 410. MONTGOMERY ST. -
. MOVED FKOM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE i
. COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN ■ •• .
HAYWARD BUILDING. /
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
i THE IMPORTANCE
i Of knowing that the title to your property Is
> clear and incontestable is most apparent
! whtn you figure up the expense of litigation
j and the possible loss of your Interest*.
I We examine title*, and if through weak-
ness they are subject to dispute or contest
we protect you against all loss by insurance
Doesn't cost much, cither. ...-•-
A POLICY IN THIS COMPANY is. an ab-
solute protection to you and the «:oet mod-
erate.
• THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate record*,
■constructed especially for Insuring real estate
' titles like mod*™ plans of New .York Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities: reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted
undtr State charter; all matters controlled and"
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES: •
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pres. Bank of Californ'a
ROBERT BRUCE. - - .
■ Of Balfour, • Guthrle & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS.
- President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIEXTHAL.
: Manager Anglo-Californlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY. "
Olney & Olney. Atty*s and Counselors.
PAGE,
Pege. McCutchen & Knight. Attyu.
A. T. SPOTTS. » Y~*-.S*";';
Mgr. Ca:. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING. W '
j Capitalist. KiO California st.
LOTS $10 "PER MONTH
LOTS $10 PER MONTH
LOTS 510 PER MONTH
"NO INTEREST. NO TAXES
- PRICK $350 AND UP.-
TAKE GUERRERO AND 14TH ST, CARS
GET OFF AT CORNER CASTRO AVD
CHENERY STS. -
SEE THKSE LOTS TO-DAY: f>5 HOUSES
BUILT AND IN COURSE OF COXSTRL'r-
TION ON THIS TRACT. WATER MAINS
: LAID. STREETS GRADED. fc'EWERED AND
MACADAMIZED, ALL READY TO BUI I D
ON. ONLY A .FEW STEPS FROM THE
,: CARE. CONVENIENT TO STORES '
SCHOOLS AND CHURCHES. f.'
. REPRESENTATIVE^ ON GROUNDS~EV
ERY DAY AND SUNDAY. ■■•
i R1VERS BROS-. 205 MONTGOMERY ST.
SHIPLEY »V— Houxt and lot;.' sell 'on 'rent
plan. -Box 2101. Call office.
POINT RICHMOND. - - . . ..;
Best Opportunity on the Pacific Coast To-day
For Real Estate Investment *
Saata. Fe Tract Cream of the District
Lots level. Street* graded.
$5 monthly. -.•.-.„ :_. -.
McEWEN BROS.. us Montgomery street.
$6000— MISSION FLATS: 22d and Valencia- a"
flats. C.aodt: room»; always well\rented;
north side of etreet; make offer. • •
McEWEN BROS.. 116 Montgomery, st,
$2000— RICHMOND District cottage; 10th ave •
must be sold at once as owner n<>eds money'
j McEWEN BROe.. 118 Montgomery .t" y "
$6750— TWO fine flats; weir rented; big bar-
gain; Waller «t.. near - Fillmore. • McEWEN
BROS.. 118, Montgomery »l.' . - ■
POST st.. between Octavla and Laguna- lot
26:10x120 ft.; running through to rear street-
Improvements consist of 2 cottages; excellent
location for moAera ? flats : $7500; terms.'
Oceanslde. cottage;- a bargain; > neat 4-rootn
cctt&ge on 43th f ave.;, lot 25x114; ,$1700; $100
cash, balance like rent; price reduced for quick
tale. PMtef'^W. N. RUSSBLL.
301 California St.: San Francisco, Cal. ■
A SURE Dlace to locate m. home;. no dry years,
no malaria, no irrigation needed, -no booms:
t*n thousand acres of apple orchards now in
full bearing; celebrated for "its strawberries,-
! apples. aDrlcots, cherries, , potatoes, . onions,
lean* — which , urtow. that for . climate 1 , and
profitable ;.eroD», Pajaro< Valley. '- Santa Cru/
- Co., • cannot . be •' excelled, y -For s particulars, :
GAFFEY A MAHON, ■ 11 Montcomerj- tt.
THE SANvFtoNCISCO^CALI;}:^
BEAX. ESTATE— -CITT—-rOR SAI.13^
BALDWIN' & HOWELL, ' 1 ' " x --
•25 POST STREET.
City agents Firemen's 'Insurance Co. ; pub-
lishers of the Buyer and Seller, a real estate
monthly pamphlet, containing- articles of In-
terest pertaining to real estate and a fine list
of properties 'for sale; free; send for one. „ >
$13,500— ."-; .
Fine bny; ■ Sacramento at. : near East;
30 feet front; 2-story building; present
lease expires in ' about one year;- will
:'-. pay handsomely to. Improve.-.. •,'",'- "
$25,000— v »
., Cheapest buy on : the market • to-day;
{ cplendld lot and location for a new
. building: 45:10 feet frontage; close. In
on O'Farrell -.at. ;' downtown location;
present renu $80 per month.
$10,000—-. ')
\'r~.' ■■' Rents $105rper. month; NW.: sunny -cor-
ner: large lot.- 33 feet "frontage; • n«w
building containing' separate -flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath each; sunny and
J, cozy; not too large and at the rent at
j which they ar» 'always rented; Fillmore
and Market Ets.; cars within one. block;
: -- see this for a permanent- investment. ■♦
-..*.'.? "'Income $2400 per annum: new; improve-
ments on prominent .Western . Addition
■ business - thoroughfare; • large 'lot. .-' Ulx
137:6; 2 stores on (round floor and- 4
flats above (1977A).
. -
$16,000— • -- ~
■ . Splendid buy for development: lot-60x
120 to rear street: on prominent Wc«t-
f-rn Addition business street; within a
few feet of . transfer point on Fillmore
street; 3 bouses now renting for $37. < 50
.-'. per month; at small expense buildings
could be raised and stores put In which
would make this a flne holding. : j
Misslon-st. corner; 'budneec invesment:.
large lot; extra depth and frontage;.
i-tore, flat, etc.; rents $900 per annum;
. > mortgage of $5(A)Q can remain with bank
at 6 per cent.- . " *\, ■ ..
$10,500— , ' , '
Hyde st., near -transfer, point, tt Call».
fornia; substantial a-story . building:
store on ground ■ floor : renting j for $30
and 2 fiats above of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each renting low at $20 and $22 60
per month;- total rents $72 GO; inside
business property -at this low figure Is
seldom offered. This is your oppor-
$6, OCO — . ■
Monthly returns in-Tent are' $e«. This
Is a flrst-clacs buy for Income; 4 flats in
the Mission warm belt, : block from
24th-st. cars; flne '-condition; always
rented; large lot, 60x100. '. . -
$15.5CO—
Centrally located downtown Income
property; short distance from Pine and
Kearny sts.; frame and brick buildings
renting for $130 per month; mortgage
of $7000 with bank, can remain at 6 per
cent; lot 35x137:6.,
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Go cut to Parnassus Heights and take the'
youngsters with you. Fronting Golden Gate
Park, the Children's Paradise. TheX biggest
and happiest playground In Frisco. A home
there 'will give you — and them — a new grip
on life.
Parnassus Heights, the Ideal home, site.' The
advantage* of a country atmosphere, with all
the city's conveniences. Large lots., low pricea.
Easy terms. Street work done. Sewers, gas
and water In. Excellent 'car facilities. 25
minutes to Kt-arny street.
CALL AT OUR OFFICE
And let rs have a little heart-to-heart talk
about thie oroposrtion. It don't cost you a
cent to talk It over.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
'25 Post street.
Branch office on the property, ■ corner H
ertreet and Seventh avenue. Open Sundays.
1 HOAG & LANSDALE.
10$ Montgomery Street.
Seeond-at. corner, near Bryant: lot level and
ready to build en; 4.'x!>S; old Improvements;
*ure to Iricreaso In value; a flne buy; price
' .WILL TRADE' . : ;
; .. -.'. WILL TRADE <N " /".-?. '
For vacant property as part payment: -3 flne
new .flats, half block from Golden Gate Park;
built by day labor; lower. flat leased; -2- years
for !«32 r>0, middle flat leased 2 years for $3-'J;
upp«r.flat leased - for I year- at $32 50; lot -.'{Ox
100; price $11,000; make an offer; owner, anx-
ious, to^eell.
/-HOME ON SACRAMENTO STREET. ', ■
9 rooms and bath; stable in rear; in good
condition;- price $7000; offer wanted. ■' <-.
BRODERICK STREET FLATS.
Near Fe!l 2t.; f> and (J.rooms; 7-fcot base-
ment; cement yard. Owner muxt sell at once.
This property I* a bargain. Price $0500. .
See Fifth and Sixth aves., against the Pre-
sidio wall; grading Is done and bitumen aereet
work being done; get first choice In this .beau-
tiful property; no flats; large lots.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
A splendid NW-, corner.cn Bryant St.; close
to watfr front: 80x100 feet; price reduced to
I $10,000.
Se'nd for our list of fine building lots In all
parts of the city.
HOAG & LANSDALE. •
108 Montgomery st...a. F.
HAWKS & SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$12,000 — Three new flats, near Halght and Ash-
bury; modern every way; tt rooms each;
mortgage $(5000 at 8 - per cent can re-
>/•■■;• main; rents $1200. • :>. .....
$9,500 — North side Jackson, near Buchanan;
good house of 8 rooms and 2 baths; lot
'u3xll7, to rear, street. :'•-'•/-'■
$13,000— West line of Stelner, near Vallejo:
handsome modern house of 10 rooms.
1 furnace, blltlard-room, »olar heater; all
j. conveniences for comfortable housekeeu-
, ing; lot 27:tixllO.. •
$6,500— Octa via. near Broadwayjr,ge«d .house
cf 7 rooms; nice view of bay from front-
bare lot Is worth the price; 20x137.
! $8,000 — Northeast corner cf Larkln and Lorn-
; - bard; 29:0x110; has superb view, of bay;
i street work all done; neighborhood grow-
ing fast. .
$5,400— Lot*, near- Larkln and Lombard; 27s
110; grand view of bay and Western Ad.
dltion. . :•.-.; ,'
■ HAWKS A SKELTON, 823 Montgomery st.
i $4750 — DOj*you really' want th« best paying,
rhoatxs-t. newest, sunniest 2 flats In the
Western Addition, between - California and
: Sacramento it*., rented to the very best of
: tenants.*" Bank will loan you' $3500 at .0
! per cent If you'haven't all the cash; this
1 is a case of must- positively sell this week.
j DOLAN CO.. 24 Montgomery it. .
j $2500-^- Bay- window cottage, 0 large rooms;
brick foundation: porcelain ..plumbing:
': wooden mantels; tiling; high plastered base-
ment; 2 nice lots, 20x140; 2 frontage's, only
, i $250 cash, balance • monthly; title absolute-
> ly perfect. . DOLAN. CO. . . . . - ': :;>-r.>
l $250 each — 7 nice -tots ready to build on; cor-
ner Gates, and Blalne s>ts. ; block from beet
school , In clty:B minutes' walk from' 29th
\\ and Mission; we furnish money .and" build-
ing material for hemes, payable back same
-i as rent; yet -our" plans; you will profit' by It.
i- DOLAN. CO..' 24 Montgomer>' St.. :"',
$2S0O — NICE cottage; warm belt; near Bryant
ave. and 21st st.rlot 28x100. ••
$2QC0 — Cottage, near 23d and '- Valencia ; lot
32x03. ' -:
$2000 — Modern cottage, neac Falrmount" School:
.wlot 25x112. • ' - -, ■/ ■
$3000— Cottage of 5 rooms; one block from
Ocean " boulevard. - ■:
$4500 — New cottage, 5 rooms, ' etc. ; Third ave.
' and : B et. ; lot , 34x95. ., ,
$CO0O — 2-story: house of 10 rooms, etc., -near
Halfiht and Brodertck sts.: lot 23x100.
., JOSEPH STRAUB. .630 Market. st. \v
" $5750— 2 new flats on Folsom et.',' near Army •
5 , & 6 R. ; & , B. ; ront $47.60 month. ':
$C500 — 2 new flats on '. Dortand -St., near .'Do-
lores; 5 & 6:R.:& B.;-rent $02.50 per
month; s tabl " "" IdflTiflVlsTt ' . '
$4500—2 new flats on. Ryan ave.. near. Army;
. : .1 . A 5 R. • & • B. v rents $38 . per ' month.
$4300 — 2 new- Hats on Vermont,' near; 22d- st.:
.',••■; ... 4 & 6 '< R. . Jt ■ B. : rents ■ $38 . per month.
D. COFFIN. ' 2528 Mission, , near 21st. " '
SAN FRANCISCO Is the , place for ■- you 1 . . -
$30,000 — Rents $3760 yearly;- near Hyde st." ■"• •
; . $5260 — 2 new Cat»j • eai-.y ".terins; - lot 26x105;
In Richmond. J :-'$rN'/iB>'%B*M*$8K^ : *W.'--'- > <
; .*:. $4000— Permanent martn* view; lot 48x100;
sheltered ; a : safe . lni, "TOBfy/lflUil »!l pipi J M
i ,$3100— McAllister -«t.,^ near. Cole; 8 -rooms;
i sunny;»nice view. ■■■"- • — ., - — - ...
: H. . E. POEHLM AN, 304 Montgomery st., fi.', F.
■ DOYOUWANT TO MAKE MONEY? « -
Buy a. lot In the city > of -. Richmond, '-Just
across the . t>ay, ". where ; the . Standard : OH Com-
pany; Santa -Fe .Railroad' and; other big cor-
porations are spending millions of -' dollars. V- .'"*
fcf LOTS ONLY $5 PER -MONTH. . -
Call-for maps, -free." ' : '■''•'■- • V' ; . --v-«-''.
RICHMOND j LAND " CO.. ' Crocker, bldg.,; S>.
: LOT/inboiu .30 ■ feet \ front, 1 not ; over $2000/ . for
flats. Box 2774. Call offlc*.
SEAL E3TATE— CWZ— FOB SAIJ}.
SAGE, DEALEY.& CO. '
038 Market at., Opposite Palace Hotel. "
Real Estate Agents: and Auctioneers.
|*° u ,?ea Rented. H«nts -Collected. Insurance.
$32,500-^4-nory building on Fillroore st. ;
. etrictly. business ■ property, renting • tor
$225 per' month; Investigation' will show
that this property is one of the very
,„_ /w . safest investments on the market to-day.
$25,000— A large improved corner. 80x826 feet;
Inside of Fillmore st on O'Farrell,- con-
siatieg of 4 substantial 2-story dwelling*,
■ containing S rooms, porcelain baths.
•■ flush toilets, etc. •• In each; renting for
$150 per 'month j'tlrlB property is on level
block; houses could be raised and 4 store*
' Placed underneath at a cost of • $4000;
$300 a month rent guaranteed if our sug-
gestions are carried out; making a total
investment of $29 000.
$2O,0C0— CO-foot frontage on Sixth St.. 25 feet
= : < ■ > of lot runnlnir • through 165 - feet to rear
j- street; 1 3-story buildings, i.storts, t
- upp«?r floors" each; 2 flats on rear street
. rented very low at $142 per month; bank
•ortn^r mortKageof $10,000 can remain.-
$20,000— A large; holding on Bush st- ( near
■ ■"■; i. Powell; lot 30x112:0' feet; large 2-story
dwelling thereon renting for $7fl per I
• '. month; this Is magnificent site with
' ft great future. . '
$18,500— An exceptional investment on Eddy si.
east of Larkln: large 9-room house rent-
Ing, for $65 per month: land worth more
•■■ money than asking price. > '
$1.,000 — Don't --fall .-to Investigate this mag-
nificent : Second-st. property; 70x85. feet;
■■■, brick bulldtng/and larse stable thereon;
.^^^raarket value $20,000.
$17,000 — A sacrifice on Third st., near Folsom;
3-story building thereon; stores and
large house above; the only piece for
rule In this block at anywhere near this
ftgur*.; • : . - ,'.•.-,
$15,000 — An exceptional corner on Laguna St.;
best portion of the Western Addition;
55x155 in depth: •■ ' r ■
$12.50C-^-Strictly down town"*" property on Fell
•st.,. near «Van Ness ave.: 27:8x120 feet,
running through to rear street; 2 sub-
stantial dwellings thereon. .
$12,500—68x187:0 feet with large brick build-
ing and other old Improvements; situ-
ated on Mason st., near Jackson; this
Is a* strictly- business block;, stores on
• .either eide of property.
$12,000—50 f««t frontage on Sixth st.. near
Harrison; 2 substantial frame houses
renting for $50 per month: could' be
raised and. stores placed underneath to
' ray handsomely. '■ ':■■
$9,250—2 cozy flats on Golden Gate ave.. n«ar
>cott st., GVJ rooms; lot 27:6 frontage;
: ' renting for $75 per month; mortgage of
• $3600 can rerrraln. •' : ■ ■'' '■ f
$6,000— A very' fine 8-room residence, bath and I
attic; best portion of Western Addition.
$4,250— A thoroughly modern 1%-story cot-
. tage ' of 9 rooms; porcelain , bath; gas
grates; cement wash trays and high
basement; larse lot; situated on Third i
ave.. near Lake st. j
$■"5,100— A large corner. 135 feet frontage, on
Clement St., Richmond. *•
$2,250— A corner on Thirtieth St.. 50x125 feet;
a positive sacrifice; Mlsslon-st. cars.
$2,16Or-A new C-room house, porcelain ,bath,
tiled sink, etc; 30 minutes' ride from
town; off Mission st,; ' $1500 mortgage .
to remain. •
$2,100— Seventeenth st.. near Market; a: sac-
• rlflce In a building lot, 25x198 ' feet in
., depth; owner must sell; mortgage $ i CM). :
For sale or exchange — 2Vi acres In the!, .best
portion of Berkeley, with magnificent 2-
story dwelling;* an Ideal home; 11 rooms
and bath; laid out in variegated fruit
SAGE, DEALEY & CO..
C38 Market, St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
OSCAR HEYMAN....'. 14 POST STREET
OCEAN BOULEVARD DISTRICT 1 ..
$450- $600 each— Lots 150 feet from the grand
Ocean Beach boulevard; graded, surveyed and
fenced; branch office at Ocean boulevard and
P St.; representative on the ground every Sun-
day. ■ , : .
FORTY-EIGHTH AVE.. NEAR J STREET.
Two elegant lots.; Including '4 sets of cars;
easy term*., ♦'■ r.-'
SPRECKELS LAKE AND GOLDEN GATE j
. . PARK LOTS.
Lots overlooking- Spreckels Lake and the
Park: only # block from the extension of the
Fultori-st. car line; only a few left; destined
to be the finest resident locality north of the
Park. .. -' ■ ■■„ . : . . .-:.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Lots on Third ave.. 1 block from the car line
and overlooking the Park; street bltumlnized;
cement sidewalks laid. *_. " -■.; 1."
EIGHTEENTH ST. AKD FALCON AVE.
Only 2 lots left; cars pass directly in front
of the property. .
-EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD."
$150 and upward: choicest- lots .In that
district, ..-■ . ■ :
■■ •-."- BAT SHORE LOTS."--.'' '^ C - : C-
: $250 each; only 6. . lota *left; within. 1 block
of ..the. Kentucky^^'^lJ»rj^ru^"' i -,^y^ 1 f:,*'-. -JU*-*"
T .". ■. p'OTftEKO -' tOTS^^ : "- ■ -'
$300 each ;*iotr' ready to build v t)n; only- 1"
block from the Kentucky-st. car llne.T . -
RICHMOND DISTRICT. .:
$450 each: lots on 23d ave.;.l bluck from the .
car line. ■'_- - . -,.
BAKER'S BEACH LOTS'. •
■ Lot on 2Ctb ave.: magnificent view of the
bay. - - ; :- ; " : „;.•/....;■..■;„ '.,;».,
-. .LOTS -ON "WEST AVENUE.; ,
$?00 each — Lots 150 feet from Mission St.. on
West ave.: all street 'work done."
COTTAGES FOR YOUR' RENT MONEY,
t Start the new year in your own home. Do
not let another year go by throwing your
money away to tha landlord. Our terms are so
easy that anyone who pays rent can own their
own home.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 POST STREET
MARKET-STREET Extension Lots.
;'.'■ - - J
Market-Street Extension- Lots. ■'• .■>
$$ / itZ
These large ■ choice level lets arc In the
* center -of the clty/nearthe switchback of the
ISth-Bt. -. electric i car line. . and have one of
the grandest, .views of the city, , bay and bay
counties," day and nisht," tvhlch view can
never be shut- off. ..They also" have a grand
> future-- before . them, being In line -.of- the
; Market-srtreet extension, close, tq the Golden
Oat» Park and In" a 'Vicinity that Is rapidly
Improving. These lotfi without a . doubt will
triple In value ln?lde of i two j;fars. See and
! b« eonvlncfd, anil don't miss your chance of
'. netting one., Agent on the ground.
; JOOST SONS i—CO:. I.....; -320 Bush St.
SELECTED LIST— LOW PRICES. ■' '
$125 'only for two' lots. 1 25x100 each, at Ocean
View. ': •' ■ .'•..-.■'.•_ , ■' ' ■ . ■■ ■ ' . ■ ■
" $100 each— Lots south of park;' 25x120 each.
$250 — Half value; three fine. level lots; cor-
ner: 75x100;. at Ingleslde; cost $400.
■, $C50-i-A snap; lot 27:6x114; on. Twenty-fifth
St., i near Castro. ■ ■:'"*"., '■ ■-■: .'.-•
• $C5ff— Laripe corner; ,-80x100; on the gTade,
Satt'Joee ave. ; at" Ocean View. .
$2200 — Want offer; 7" rooms and bath; - new
hcuse,. on Elizabeth St.; * near "electric cars.-;
$370O-^-Paysl2 per cerilon Investment; four
neat-" fiats, nepr -5th "and -Folsom: •: lot -23x80:
'. rents $37" 60; ' 10 * per - cent .-■- Interest; 1&B£%BtPyBtA
. ,$5000— Big tot. 30x1-17:11,'. with plain two-story
house, 'with bath' and etabj*; Stelncr at.,', neat
.Puge; .lot alone worth price. ■'-■•'( .. '■'■■■■ ' ■■:•■
. $C50O— Two houses; lot 71x120;, on Greenwich
.st.inear Fltlmow: make an offer. ' '
" $75W) — Two- modern » flats, ' on = Fillmore : st.,
near-Oak. / • ■:>; ■ - - . . .
-' $6000— Modern: bay-wlnflow two-story house;
'ID .; rooms = and bath; ; large -lot; ' 42x137; choice
part'-Western /Addition;, all; In flr.e order;^rare
bargain: house alone cost .more. : i
■) t $22,500— Thr<»e-*tory- modern • building:-. *tM-»
anft flats: : Haves ct..- two -blocks .from -Market;
trood' Income. *• i ■.■!•■ ■- '"-.■ , ■ • ;.•'■ -• :
* . i-'ROTHERMEL* A •CX>.. i o07 -Callfprrila st".*. :
$750 FOR A ; liARG2 ; BUILDINQ < LOT,- near.
Key, Route ■: In Santa » Fe ; Tract.'J Berkeley : 30
minutes '' from i: San . ; Francisco;-' easy monthly
payments; -street work; completed: good -local-'
lty.V HOLCOMB,' BREED & BANCROFT." 1060
Bread way. ; Oakland.'*; -T^SUStSBSUffPWiSBBtBl
BARGAIN; ready 'Christmas— .1 new modern 7-
■ . room house*.-, bath," •tone steps.' concrete ba»«-'
-.- ment. fine yard; car* pass door; cor. 18th and:
,• : Douglas r easy terms, sariie' as .-rent;, open.-< bo
% see \ them. v» MOIBB,-? Owner^- aao^Sansome ; st..
$7500-^-FINE rresldence; 4 hard wood '- floors ; i"ma«
-rlne view. Owner, box r277fi.; Call office. ,.
SEAL ESTATE— CITY— T OR SAI.E. J
; ;' - THORNE . it KILPATRICK.
;312 BUSH ST., , , " : Near Montgomery.
BUSINESS PROPERTT. CHOICE LOCATION.
$10,000— Fine cor. on Fillmore st. t near Cali-
• fornia: 27x85;- ttore -and - bay-wlndoT-
flat above; 2-story' house on rear of
• lot; northeast corner. -«s«$BaWBKSgW»$S
$20,000— McAllister • St.. nr. Van Ness ave. :
-. '40x100; first-class: Improvements; -2
stores i and 'Jystory flats abovev
•$31,000 — Northwest cor. on Turk st.,"nr. Jef-
ferson gq.; 52:15x80; old Improvements.
$32,0CO — PaysO per "cent; flne business prop-
erty; 12,600 square ft.; .well Improved;
Browing location;- a chance to double
. your investment . In a short time.
$41,000 — Turk st.', nr. Market; 25x137:6; ele-
gant new building; 3S rooms; a bar-
ealn." »•
$42.000 — Turk-st. cor. nr.,Van Ness; 77.CxSO;
improved. • • . '
$137.600 — Turk st.. nr. Jones: 137:6x137:6;
< ■• would Subdivide. • • :
$17B,0CO— A choice cor., 2 blocks north of Mar-
ket; In retail district; 137:6x137:6;
woufd subdivide. .
UrJ'ON ST.
I : • ' • "Z «J
? ' o : ,:__ J: >
t
ma ~ ~ ~ . . , : io
: — — — : <o
■rt : 111
TJ 2 — —^ Z
, t; o o« i
r?« ltT4 I r»« I rr« I tr« I rr» 1 ■«t.fv» M
' GREEN"; ST. A '
WEST SIDli OF. VAN NESS AVE., NORTH
■-. BipE Bi°&yF E 5SiS-Bg UTH .
• L,\RGE LOTS. >; \ .
ACCEPTED STREETS.
Level and on grade.
Van Ness ave., one of the finest, widest
streets In the city, is destined to be one of
the best business and hotel streets; these lots
are absolutely certain to enhance in value
very greatly; selllnB now at bargain prices;
don't miss the opportunity; they are the cheap-
est good lots in town: surrounded by flrst-
claes improvements; sizes 27:0x137:0 and 27:6x
101:7 4-5 (see above diagram).
• C '-;'•■ t ' ■■ ■' FLATS." .. Ji ; .ivlv
$7,200— Chestnut su. nr. Leavenworth: 2 new
flats, 5 and C rooms, baths: built for
a home; all Improvements; marine
view; rents !750 yearly.:; .'.
flats, In best renting neighbor-
hood In the Mission; never idle; very
desirable- to live In and low rents: 4 and
5 rooms baths; large lot. 38x166; con-
dition first class; rents $1344 yearly.
RESIDENCES.
$2,975 — "Well-built modern house, 6 rooms,
porcelain bath; nr. Geary-st. cars, /
$3,000— California St., nr. Laurel; house. 6
rooms and bath; stable; lot 27:6x132.
$7 i OO0_Green st., nr. Gough; 8 rooms and
bath; finished basement.
Near Fillmore and. Green sts.; elegant resi-
dence 11 rooms and bath; all sunny; maxlne
view that cannot be obstructed: large lot.
60x137:6; lawns and flower garden; all. In per-
fect condition: cheap at $15,000. but owner will
take less; make an offer, you may get It at
ycur own price. . .
LOTS.
$2 500— Sacramento st. (north side), nr
" Spruce on Turk and Eddy car line;
25x102:8. £.
$3,500— Cor. -California st. and 6th ave.: 50x
SO- on Turk and Eddy car line.
$2,C00— Including completed street work; key
lot, 25xW2:«; cast side Leavenworth.
north of Chestnut; surrounded by fine
new imrrovements.
FACTORY SITE.
17.1x2C0;'2 frontages; on Bryant st.. through
to Florida, nr. 14th.
'Improved ar.d unimproved property. In all
.parts of the city. 1 ,..[.', •*>.*?*'
THORNE & KILPATRICK.
'. '. " " - ■ :U2-Bnsh st -' '*
A H ATJDIFFRED. 414 Kxamlner bldff.,
' ■ : • REAL ESTATE.
$4C00. SPECIAL'. ■- ;— ' " $40C0. -
Only $40CO cash required to buy 3 new. flats
near Church and Market »ts.. contain-
ing 6. 6 and 7 rooms and baths; rent-
Ing for $97 60 per month; flats Just
completed and rented; all latest Im-
provements: buildings finely built; call
early for . further particulars; .a ; . great
chance. . -'vv ■'■I-3
$10 OCO — Four modern flats; inside of Leaven-
worth st.; swell bay-windows; , llgbt
and sunny; containing 5, 5. tt and 6
rooms and baths; renting for * 1200 per
• '•• year; pays 10 per cent net; fine large
lot, 40:8x100. ' "
$7,750— NE. corner In center of Msslon: store
and 5 flats: renting for $840 per an-
num; lot 25x105.
$6,250 — Clo«e to 4th and Mission sts.: 3-story
building ; rents nominal: a. grand specu-
lative buy.
$5,3CO— Two elegant flats on Guerrero st; 5
and 0 rooms and baths; rents $540 'per
' annum; lot 25x100.
$4,250 ; —'Rent8 ?4H2 per annum; 2 up-to-date
flats, 5- rooms and bath each: 25th st.;
Including adjoining lot. 50x100 feet. ,
$3.5C0— Reduced from $IC00: a bl^ chance to
. ':■ make a good' turn; 2 bay-window flats;
containing 5 and 6 rooms and baths;
. rentB for $400 per year: on Church. st.;
t level ; bitumtnlzed ; ■ lot 25x100; mortgage
of $2000 can remain.
A. II. AUDIFFRED. Real Estate." •
i '._•",• Examiner building.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
• 613 CALIFORNIA ST.
$32.600 — A NVV. corner, east of Fillmore st.,"30
xlOO: improvements consist of -7 modern
fluts, renting for $231 per month.
' $20,000— Corner Sacramento and Steln-r; lm-'
provements consist of cottages aid flats,
renting for $lo2 50 per month; strett
work accepted."
"$5,000— C8:9xS0; Federalist., near Second; Jm-
" provements consist of flats which with a i
■ small expenditure could be made to pay
■- -large Interest on the investment.
$12,750— 25x100; three new flats on the north
line cf Pine st.,' near Fillmore; renting
/^ for $105 p«r month. : t -
jgjQp — Webster, near Jackson; well built
" house of 11 "rooms and bath.
tf^CQ— 25xlC7:0; Sacrsmento st.,' near Spruce;
' ' :t modern flats of 3 and 0 rooms and
'■• bath; renting for $C0.
511 OCO— 25x80; '4th St., near Folsom: improve-,
! ' ments consist • of 2-story ..house, with.
1 btore and -flat, above; there has been no i
vacancy In the last 4 years. • ■
' SS 250—25x125; -Clayton ', St., near Frederick: J
j " -A-ell built,' modern . residence, 10 rooms j
!' ". ." and bath. ' .' . ' ' ' !
$7 CCO— 72x107 feet; wlll : subdivide: corner
' Lake st." and Eleventh ave.; one of "the
: ".-' rr.Cst' desirable corners on , Presidio
Mlelghta. - .■ ■ . " .
B GETZ, Room 22.' Chronicle bldr.,
OWNER .-AND -DEALER: '
.•; ■ ■ ..V . . .■.-:. of the ■ •■ ■ •.
Finest Ocean Beach Block put on the market!
Graded and Fenctd! 1 .! Grass Bottom!!! :
- Between 47th and 48th avenues. ;
Lot6 Ready- to " Build Upon — Perfect Bargains.
Near Electric Car. Line!! _Very Easy Terms!!
$100 to $350. Ocean Heights Lots. * $3. monthly.
$330 to $1200. Sunset Heights'* Boulevard Lots! !
' NORTH"' OP THE PARK 5 LOTS!!! '
3T>th eve. Lots— Opp. Spreckels Lake and Park.'
Level Lots on Grajeay Plateau — Easy Payments.
Only.One Block Fronr Electric Car Line. -
RICHMOND. DISTRICT— LEVEL LOTS!!!
Graded. Sewered, Gas and Water — Easy Terms!
■$150.'Un — Excelsior Homestead Level Lots!!!'
Best and 'Cheapest in the District— $5 monthly.-
S100-A)cean View Level- Building Lots— $5 mo.
$lCOOUo $3000 Cottages; and Houses on Terms.
Buy Direct .From the Owner!!!
.. . For -Map and Diagrams" .". :
Call; at "my of flee.- .!;•: Room . 22, '• 2d- Floor,
'-..• Chronicle building.
-.S25CO— COTTAGE. '
$2500— COTTAGE: • "
■\- On terms to! suit;- gmallcaeh payment. If
you are < looking , lor < a\ hope ; don't '■■ fall*, to ■■ 8Cf
this; to-day ; \ 735 > Andover . st; j \ take '• M lsslon-sl."
! cars i to » Crescent f ave."- Z Further.; particulars "■ at
9SiiSuttcr;Et.;?from'6, u» T>9A ' ' -*' ; ££$&£3&MSfl!
' ■ .JBJBA1J ESTATZ— COT- TOB S^Pj-,
SHAINWALD/ BUCKBEE & CO..',--*'
21S and 220 Montgomery at.,
• Mills Building.
' $3,250— Pays $S5 per- month; new building:
store and two flats above; store leased
- for five years.
$30,00T>-Eacramento St.. near Devisadero: _Cve
new, flats, leased for $260 per month.
' 'lot 55xI27:8>i feet: must be sold.
$35.0C0--MARINn VIEW RESIDENCE •
First floor: Large living room. 34x17 feet, nn-
lshed In uak. with beamed celling; re-
: ' ception room. , dining-room, kitchen,
etc.; hardwood floor* throughout.
Second floor: 'Contains •* bedrooms
and bath. ': ■ ■ j !.»♦»,
"Attic:- Contains 3 rooms and batn.
•Lot 65x127 :»%; view can never D*
taken away.
$12,600— Washington St.. near Spruce; rrand
. marine view; lot .68:9x127 :8ii feet.
, 18.600— Larkln corner, .near Lombard: grand
. ■ marine view of Golden Gate and bay.
. . - lot 25x105:9 feet.
$5,500— Rents $55 a month: 4 modern flats. 3
and 6 rooms and bath; always rented;
this property is positively a bargain at
$6600; near Valencia and 14tn ets.
$13.&00— Flllmore-st. business property: store
and 2 flats; rents $90: rented' very low.
close to transfer point; lot 23xW.B'K-
to alley.
$7.750— California St.. near Baker: two fine
flats, 0-7 rooms and bath; rents $65; lot
- 25x90:2 ft.
$17,500— Valencia st. - near 224; best block on
Valencia st.; '64 ft. front, with two.
stores and one dwelling; rents $80; this
is gilt-edge. *
MARINE VIEW.
EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
OverlOoklnr the GoWen Gate; 27th ave.,
north of Lake st.:, these lots especially
adapted for homes, being 37:6 ft. wide
by a depth of 120 feet; price $1300 each;
or terms; street work and sewer com-
pleted. Agent on land Sundays to show
lots.
i $12,000— Pays' $125 -a month: smalt street
south of Market, near Sixth: rents can
be raised; lot • 60x117:0 feet; flno ln-
• vestment. •
S15.00O— Ellis St.; near Polk: substantial im-
provements; lot 27:6x120 feet to rear
street; flne Investment.
$7,000 — Shrader st., near Carl: flats. 5-7
rooms and bath: Just finished; every
modern convenience; rents $60- ■ per
' month; both flats leased; lot 23x100 feet;
an exceptional bargain.' ■
$5,700— Shradfr st.. near Carl: Panhandle:
' residence Just finished; every modern
Improvement : 7 rooms - and bath; lot
25x100 feet; very artistic.
523 000— Beautiful marine . view residence on
Washlneton St.. near Locust; thorough-
ly modern In every respect; containing
all up-to-date conveniences; lot 55x
127 :8*i feet.
POPE TRACT.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTS.
CREAM OF THE PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
SITUATE ON COLE. SHRADER. GRAT-
TON AND ALMA STREETS.
FIRST SUBDIVISION. '
Streets and lots graded, macadamized and
sewered; every lot ready to build on. For
further particulars, prices, etc., inquire at our
office. Special Inducements offered to builders.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale. ■
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
21S and 220 Montgomery st.. Mills bldg.
A. J. RICH A CO.. REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
112 Montgomery street.
$135,000— Mlsslon-st. Investment, between New
Montgomery and Third sts.: large
frontage; make an offer.
$24 C<Xt— Magnificent new residence- on Wash-
--•■-.. ington "St.; containing 12 rooms and 2
.: c .baths: hardwood floors; furnace and all
: ,>.-'■-" modern improvements; lot 60x127:844- -
$13 r>00— Sutter and Laguna sts.; corner resl-
.- • denee; .tot 27:6x112 ;«. » . . .• : • - •
$12,000— JJnlon st.; 3 new flats, near Gougn
.- st.; rents $1CO per month; lot 25x137:6.
t 0C0 — Buchanan-st. residence; between Sac-
ramento and Clay; 0 rooms and bath;
lot 25:6x110. -
$19,000 — Residence on Franklin St., between
■ Pacific -ave. and Broadway; lot 30x120.
$10.000 — Pine st., between Gough and Octavla:
residence of 11 rooms and bath; lot
23x137:6.
$8 COO— Jackson-st. house and lot. near
Baker; 10 rooms and bath: lot 25x100.
$40,000 — Mlsslon-st. Investment; near 4th; loc
40 feet front.
$12,500 — 16th-«t. corner, near Valencia; 93x
• '114:6: flne business location. *
$15,000 — Vallejo-st. residence. 10 rooms and
bath: lot 37:6x125; near Buchanan st.
$4,600— Callfornia-st. lot, 27:6x132; near
Baker *t.
$10.000 — Clay-6t. residence, near Devisadero
St.: lot 37x127 :SVi; house of 10 rooms
and hath.
$12,000 — Vallejo-st. marine view lot, £0x137:6;
- ■ near Laguna st. -•
$21.000— Folsom-st. Investment: between 5th
and 6th sts.: stores and flats above;
never Idle; f.ne Income.
$27,000 — Mission and 24th sts.; corner lot,
126x117:0; to rear street: 3 frontages.
$26,000 — Broadway residence, near -Buchanan;
lot C8:»xlv7:6.
$5.500 — Two new flats near Park; rents $50
per month: lot- 25x100.
$4, SCO — Golden Gate ave.;. 2 new flats of '5
and 5 rooms and bath; rents $40 per
month: let 25x137:0.
$12. OCO— Northwest corner of Pine and Pierce;
. hoi's* of 11 rocms and 3 baths; lot 24:6
. ■*• x86:6; rents $S5 per month.'
$15. COO — Devisadero st.; large corner, 75 feet
frontage; fine location for stores and
flats. A. J. RICH & CO...
112 Montgomery street.
"
BALDWIN & STETSON. .
317 Montgomery st.. near Pine.
Real Estate Agents. Rents Collected.
Telephone Grant 137.
City "Agents German-American and Phoenix of
Hartford Fire Insurance Companies.
Get our. circular. It contains lists of all
kinds of properties for tale and flats, etc. to
i let In all parts of the city.
• - SOME SPECIAL BARGAINS.
DUBOCE PARK FLATS. V :>
i $15, SCO — Rent $1932 per annum; 6 new flats of
.-.-■: 5 ar.d 4 rooms and bath; always 'rented-
33:txl50 feet.
MISSION WARM BELT COTTAGE.
$3,100 — Cottage: one of the nicest, cleanest,
up-to-date; 5 rooms and bath; 23x100 ft
, • MISSION FLATS.
$0.250— Rent $600; 2 new flats; near 16th and
Market: C rooms and bath each- 25x115
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
$5,500— P.ent $70S; 0 flats and room for more;
~~^ WERSTER-ST. FLATS.
$13,2C0— Rent 413C2; 3 new flats of 7 rooms
i and bath each; 25x*J5.
j BALDWIN A STETSON.. 317 Montgomery.
LANDGREBE, MacNEVIN 4 JONES.
, 834 .Bush st.. bet. Kearny and Montgomery
$50,0CC — Bush st.. near Kearny; four-story and
j bagisment ■ brick building; chance for
i speculation. • .
| $45,000— Goary st., near Mason; • four-story
j building, store and lodgins-house above-
rents »j- IU per annum.
$-11,000— Apartment-house; near Van Ness ave
"• ■ \ and Sutter st.; rents $4800 under secured
. lease for first fiv* years and $5400 for
last five years.
$27.600 — Rents $235 per month; Western Ad-
■■ ' V ■- dltion business corner; Improved ■ with
six flats and three stores; mortgage $13 •
COO at tf per cent. . ' '
$10,500— Hyde st.. south of Sutter; 3 swell flats;
make offer."
$10,5CO— 53x120 '.feet on O'Farrell st.; two
• f ront ago «; rents $120 per month.
$1C,5CO — Ellis : et.. near Van Ness ave.; four
fiats; lot 00x120 feet.
$12,500— Western Addition corner; three swell
, fiats; offer invited. - ; -y
$S.40O — Bush? st.,; near Laguna; rents $80 per
month;' lot 37:6x137 :« f«at.
. $6.250^-Webster St., n<«ar Halght; three flats;
lot alone , worth $4000.
$5,000 -Pierce st., one half black from Alta.
■ ' Plazi; bay-window house of 7< rooms
and bath. .,:'-" "
$5, OCO— Four flats of^ four rooms and bath
each: Natoma St., near Ninth. - "
$4,5CO— Four fiats near . Eighth and Howard
st«. ; rent* $40 per menth.
$3.500 — R^nts $:CJ per month: four -flits' of. 4
- room* .each; near Seventh and • Folsom
LANDGREBE. MacNEVIN & JONES.
4:334 Bush st.,, bet. Kearny and Montgomery^
O'FARRELL ST..
NOT FAR FROM MASON ST.
Good- frontage and extra large depth back to
rear. street.-- -. - -" ' •.--■.-• •■-■-.
• Over . 4200 sauare feet on ground floor.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
- : . •••".•_ "-." 5 Montgomery; st.
FOR sale — Bargain ; northwest cor. lSth ana
.■- Colllngwood -sts.; : store.l 3" living room*;, flat
. C rooms ; • bath ; stable ■ and , wagon : she d ; size
of lot; 28x75. Sec owner on the Drcmlses. •
OJSJLX. E STATS — CITT — 7QB SAUL
LYON HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
Send for our .printed list of properties for
sale in ail sections of the city.
■ l MISSION 1 BUSINESS CORNER.
'$ll,0CO— "A flna business corner on Sixteenth
St.. near Mission; tenants have established
business for years; renta $2(55; corner, very
large, contains over 7C00 square feet; owner »
non-resident; must be sold.
GOOD INTEREST PAYING FLATS.
$2S0O — Renta $3C0; '2 good flat*. % rooms and
bath each; brick foundation; everything In
rood condition; near Natoma and 14th sts.
-••-' FINE PROSPECTIVE VALUE.
$3500— Kents $570; 2 brand new flats, ex:ep-
tlor.ally well built; 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
finished in latest style; street fcl cumin:.*. ■ i;
on good business etreet in Richmond section;
this property bound to Increase In value.
MARINE VIEW FLATS.
$13.&00-*Renta $1260: » brand new flats. 7-7-9
rooms' and bath; beautifully finished; ajl tha
latest- improvements; flne sanitary plumbing;
sunny side of street; grand marine view.
- WESTERN ADDITION COR>TER.
$12,300— Three brand " new flats of « rooms
and bath each; very large corner; portion un-
improved; ttreets accepted; flne marine view;
° neS BARGAIN SOUTH OB" MARKET.
$360U — Rents $408; -house of 6 rooms and
bath ard 2 tenements In rear of 2 and 3 rooms;
solid Improvements; -flne renting locality.
SPLENDID FLAT NEAR PARK.
$C0OO — Price reduced; rent $G36; 2 new flat*.
0 and 8 rooms and bath; everything first class;
street bituminlzed: 2 car lines; 1 block from
Golden Gate Park," \
RESIDENCE IN MISSION AT BAPvGAIN.
$5500— Splendid hom« in tha Mission; 2-story
basement and attic • residence; 8 rooms anJ
bath; hot-air furnace; large, sunny rooms;
built by day's work.' charming views; over-
looking new Mission park; owner about to
leave city and determined to sell.
LYON tt HOAG.
lid Montgomery st.
EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
LOWEST PRICES IN THE CITY
If you want a good larje lot at a moderate
price look at these we are effering in tha
Jordan tract, near California st. and 1st ave.
Prices $163O. $1700. $1800 and $1850.
No lot less than 30 feet front; nearly all
kits 33:4x120: streets 80 feet wide.- graded.
sewered and macadamized; water and gas on
th* tract. :■>'. . ' _
Terms, ene-flfth cash, balance in 1. 2, 3
and 4 years.' •
Building restrictions, prohibiting th» erec-
tion of any building for other than resi-
dence purposes, including not more- than two
flats to a lot, are enforced; no stores, etc. :
these restrictions and the large lots, together
with the low prices, make. It safe for you to
buy and build. • : -„ '
Lots adjoining this property ar« selltnff for
much more money: where can you buy for
$55 a front foot land as desirable or as apt
to improvo as tills? Excellent car facilities;
Eddy, Sacramento, Sutter and Geary-st. lines;
send for diagram, with prices. &
116 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION!
ATTENTION!
Look at the splendid lots w* ar* selling on
the sunny side <north) of Waller St.. be-
tween Asnbury and Clayton: -you can have
what frorttase you like; depth 137:6; ac-
cepted street; level lots; stone- walks, etc.:
the prleft Is only $110 a front foot, or $2730
for 23x137^6; Just a few of these, the best
and cheapest In the Panhandle district.
• LYON & HOAG.
US Montgomery st.
DO YOU WANT -
A FINE LOT
FOR $350:
$100 CASH, $10 MONTHLY?
If so. look at those in the- block bounded
by J and K sts.. 10th and 11th aves.; pricea
$S50 to $050; only 2 blocks from Golden Gate
Park tnd electric cars; on a slight elevation,
commanding magnificent views of Park, ocean
and the Golden Gate; lots at this price, well
located and with 'unsurpassed views, are cheap
at above prices; the terms are so easy it will
be ycur own fault if you do not secure one or
more: an investment here Is safe and will
prove most profitable. &
US Montgomery st.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 643 MARKET ST.
•g OCO— The lot, 42:1x137:8. Is worth $150 per
front foot. The handsome two-story,
high basement, lo-room and bath resi-
dence Is easily worth $6000. It can b*
converted into three flats at & very
small expense and a large profit made;
near California and Steiner sts.
EXTRAORDINARY BARGAIN.
$3 S3O Sunny modern residence. 7 room* and
porcelain bath. etc.. on a northeast cor-
ner fen Birena Vlsta-ave., near Haight
and Brodericlc st».; magnificent viaw.
'•■r--V -The lot alone ia cheap for the money.
;'—!**i The house cost $45C0 to build. "•
•3 000— Two new substantial flats. 4 ,and 5
rooms and bath each; near 18th and
Douglass; an abundance of sun and,
light; lot 2ux90.
• 1«» 0C0 Rents . $1440; Guerrero St.. clos» • to
Market at.; 7 substantial money-makins
flats: alwavs rented: lot 60x100; don't
hesitate. . This ia what you hav« been
looking for. The biggest kind of a snap.,
rj (XX) Two handsome flats. 4 and • room*
and bath: on San Bruno ave.; renta
$oG0; lot 27:0x100.
$3 250— A beautiful cottage, 5 rooms, porce-
lain baths, cove ceilings, handsoras
mantels, largo, basement; cverythlns
strictly modern: lot 25x111; on Hill «t.. ■
near Castro; easy terms.
C. M. WOOSTEB CO.. 61S MARKET ST.
THE apprcai-hlnK holidays should remind you
ihat you have a duty to perform — a duty to
yourself, a duty . to your family. Many of
you readers are now paying rent, have you
ever reflected how ■ this same wasted rent
money might pay for a "Homer'
If you have neglected to provlda a shelter
for old age. start In now. we can show you
that 10 years or less will pay for your Homer
with the same rent money, you are now
If your means are quite limited, begin by
buying a suitable lot. which you can obtain
en a small cash payment and a few dollars
each month: when you Intend building th»
payments en the lot will ba considered.
To the unmarried man we would "suggest
to buy a lot with his savings, as such an
.investment will bring him tha largest return*
in a growing and prosperous city.
We own lots in the Western Addition. In
various parts of the Mission, lots near th*
Beach and have Just purchased two blocks
In the Richmond.' right on the car line.
Give u» a call, we will glv« you locations
and our terms, also show you the class of
houses wo are building. .""
WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.. Home Providers.
61(1 Sacramento Street.
W. B. McGERRY & CO..
2.J0 Bush st.. Mills Building. Ground Floor.
$25 OCO^ — Sansomi'-st. business property 44 feet
frontage; flne brick building, rented low
for $l*oO per year; gtlt-edge investment.
$11,250— Washington st.. 75x100 feet, near
Lycn; cheap buy; fln» sit a for apart-
rr.ent-house or flats.
$3,5C0— Cheapest corner In the Mission; near
Twenty-second and Valencia: store, 'flat
and stable; large lot; must be seen 'to
. be appreciated; no reasonable offer re-
■ fused.
15 000 — Minna St.. near SeTwnth; 2 fin* flats
cf 4 and 5 rooms and bath; brick founda."
tlon stationary tubs, all modern plumb-
ing: m flne condition; must positively
be sold this week: make offer; lot 25x75;
alone worth the price. • . .
ATTENTION! MANUFACTURERS.
WATEIl FRONT— We are authorized to offer
a very desirable water front property abova
Martinea, consisting of 552 acres, with half a
mile of wat«r frontage: S. P. and Santa Fa-
railwavs pass through the tract. . The price on
this is* ' - s '- about Its value as a ranch. Best
buy on th? bay. Price and full particulars on
application.
CHAS. F. O'BIUEN * .CO..
30 Montgomery st.
CORNER LOT CO.. 230-2 Crcasley Buildtnir.
We deal In business corners, especially
those paying gixtd Incomes. < This Is tha most
desirable Investment for any one. Coma and
■ee ua.
I —^mmmm^m
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEHTC
- - NO INTEREST. NO TAXES. .
$?0O for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on gradn;
close to flna school and Misston-st. electrto
cars; bound to doubla in value.
$100 each, en Installments of $10 p»r month;
I no taxes; fine >ots, near Ocean boulevard:
best residence location aouth of Golden Gata
Park: these are the cheapest lots in this dis-
trict; advancing In price rapid!y.>sjESH[
■HMW W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st. r. S. Phcne Main 570k
$10,500. INCLUDING bltumlnlzing of stre#t:""'
terms to suit: 3 swell flats not yet corn-
pitted ; rent.«r$ir,S0 per annum: every known
possible latest improvement: IA minutes from
City Hall; Sev«nth-ave. boulevard, near Ful-
ton St.; close' to the park: all- night car
service. CaM from 1 to 4, Seventh ave.. nr.
Fulton st. " "
$750 FOR A LARGE BUILDING LOT. near
Key Rout*- In ~ Santa Fe Tract, Berkeley; -SO
minutes from San Francisco:' easy monthly
• payments: street work completed: good local-
ity. HOLCOMB. BREED & EANCROFT, 1060
Broadway, Oakland. '
FOR SALE.
McAllister rt. s 3 flats, nearly new; good eon-
dittui; rents $71 50. can be $75; askingr prtee.
$S«tx;-' will' be -soM (his we»k for - first fair
offer. Pleas* call JUL1EN SMITH, real estate
agent. 420 Montgomery st.
NICE cottage. 5«rooms. bath for sale. Apply
on premises. 4272 23th St.. bet. Castro and
' DUrtUiUj. HMHHMMM
THl siii . -FK^^^^^^M 'RCA I. -STATS— CITT— ?QB 3A^ S .
li -Vcux-crscry K.. U ck' »„£ E ; cc _
• vc tn-T- r - 4 '" 1 caratr; *ub«jta_t_l m-
:-w -\- V;-? turcs -* * *-'*: resting
«£«£ en* &em a U lncrea!cd , : •«
5 ~"* UW n«2L 1 ! U w " l " ; Da e-'»«»U l °nf^fitore«,-.4
"*xiCt) * Acr S - {A>: Citra ch:#iLe to*.
--^chfr^ ?_S^S
J! C f^«^:Y£^x_T= »Hi *~%=
-einrr «. c;o Se to ' Fultoa-2 handsome' Bain"
V£t"f . ? r £ " 50 ■** month; lot 25xlCS;
line et b '* cSer ™=s!dered.
' »iv«» i° FtIU 'kiin— Choice fm-ertraent.
•.V^? S r* r ~«t net on S22.S00; lot
j o . "-'"-U; —VCitlsatr.
• ~ • t -~SuLstasti£i 2-story res:deneo; 10
«-V«£3* , an<1 haih; coniinaj'dintr marine
i^Bo r '. .^ lot - SO**': must be *old.
Tvi *."* *' Z>: tlv " Ilev - fl3lt » < n Ihe Jordan
~ »<_ <-o« U> Vtrst -\e. sad CjMtvr-
-rrerj «... . :ra ,. Fourteenth-— 1 modern fi.it!..
-o manufu« urcrs . Kor raio _ & , V€rll , choice
'• c Vif y *' lC! ' * Ith rallrcr.d facilities:
*• VV* class r,r property is United, it
lie ti-o!1 to aec us Immediately;
™T_i£ lhl? ~ properties can be reached
»y both the southern Pacific en] SaniJ
1 e i_lroa_s
__, cEN"n:n & spader.
£* v° :d — * «a*3*. S flats of S rooms
. £^.™ • McAI1 i*t<r si-, near Baker.
• JS," 1 - n «a»iy n«v; « r . Second ave., neat
- tJniVi m V C at8 of 5 *»oms ar.d bath each.
rTJl. - cr 5 '" acoept $7000 to
aie ' rUANfiA & co - C27 Mont -
J750 FOR A LARGE BC1LDINC. LOT. netr
!S" , Ki ' u »* tn Strta Fe Tract. Berkeley: 3fl
• ir.in^.fs from San Frar.c'.sco: easy monthly
h,. tfAV * trf ~ t work <^apleted; good l^cal-
U J . HOL^ 1) H». BRKEU & BANCROFT, 1W30
B.-oadn-ay. Oakland.
GR>N'D chance to buy elegant building lots
. cfceap; P.lchmond LMstrict and Mission: also
_ nice residence and laree lots in Oakland on
. <>asy t»rms or exchange: must call L-rsonal-
,''.- *2? Err.ma Ppreckels bui'.dlr.g.
• MISSION narm belt, new 5-roora cottage.
modern and complete: part cash, balance on
mortgage. Apply to R. C. Oark, 320 Bush.
A SNAP: for a few div B only: must be seen to
-De appreciated: elegant 2-etory modern re¥i-
# «lence. . rooms r.nd bath. newly refitted
throughout: I^apidKe st.. near 18th. Apply to
*,. L. o'.AST. «ieent..ll Montgomery st.
S BUSINESS rr-porty. iteAUlster st.. nr. park;
-•>xl3. :r,- store tnd C flats in 2st-c!ass condi.
tion; always rented; chtap at $11S; pric«
$1S.^5O. Bjx 20CS, Call.
.BARGAIN— <:cttag*. 4 rooms, with modem
imprcvemenrs; terms, same as rent. Apply
own*r. '.umberj-ard, ccr. Army and Condon.
fl S?V CcUEfr ''- * room!! . «"»«" coal yard; let
gr,M business location: wagors. etc
>jlsfioa Realty Co.. 3297 Mission street.
FOR subdivision— Three tracts; swellest prop-
ositics in s^tate. J. E. L,K\VIS. Real Estate
Agent. KentBeld. Mario Co. P. O. Ross.
-GJtAND view; let on Alpine st. near Duboce
av<? .; eayt front; by owner. Box 2746. Call.
H'»L?ES and fiats built cieap; plans free,
»-asy tfrrrs. Builder, room 4 >«, Parrott bldg.
OO<^r» work our motto; prices nv>derate. AHL-
HA''H A.- MAYER, flumbers. sr.tj Howard ft.
— EAL ESTATE — COPSTB7 — Tor Sals.
wmTt: & BAYLJSrJ
Successors to_
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERTWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
fi &<• per acre — « miles of Cloverdale and
ra:!rcitd: <vmj acres, comprising the btt-t stock
'*"•* ar -^ ecpedalljr adapted 10 thet-p; 2 fine
liviiu: tireamt run several miles sbruueb the
liiyixr iXjr: larciul estimates place the uak
_etuir.|-age at l_5.t0O cords, fur ■uhich we have
a:i cnVr ul 25 ctmts i>er cord on coiu:act with
« at-!i imyveeat annually « bethi-r w«.hx1 is cut or
J'ft; Wiji,^ *iuii e mors than payt fur the place.
tll'.joo— 3M acres rich alluvial boil; 2 miles
-oi i.\-i> thrivjive raiiruad towius and not fax
.Jrciu l^x!i. j^a.n Joa<iuin County: email almond
■i-;..!;»rd; tuuU Iiuum-. «> ruvius and house for
Mlij; rine bam h^idint loii tunt; uajjon shed:
blick^ruiiti fclicji; win«lmi:i. 5oou «allun taiik;
:<..-i t cJ ar.d jTWS-feaoed; terms or exchange;
ti.i-e<Jsc bay property*
SSO00 — On o'.ltd drive; I mile of Livermore;
**i actvt healihj. full btariug vineyard; about
•*> a..n-i :ru:t; j.Lnin dueiling; barn; good well
•and VtaimiUi 2 > cars' crop wUl pay for this
putee.
i*>oo — 2i acres; 1 mile of Courthouse and
H:_h 6c_)0l; i seres nne alfalfa: lo acres
liai-tlftt and almond*: balance alfalfa
la::J: 2 l.t-li*; tuily equlpt>ed pumping plant:
<Jtr ciii_r, Larn, poultry houtts; drying plant;
fcalf «at_.
$4oo<»— 3S acres level loam land near Eln-.ira:
VI acres at-rievt*. Vi French prunes; family
orchard: 5 acres BartUtt pears; 5-rooia cot-
**»*!• barn; 12 l>oultry hGUse>>: brooder
Kju«f; 2 wells; windmill and tank: would
•subdivide on easy terms or accept unimproved
lots in part payment.
50«K>— Almost adjoint, stores. P. O. and 0
miles cf Anderson; 10 acres; 6 acres bearing
peaches: cabin 16x24; under Irrigation ditch;
wf-il fenced: poultry men. investigate quick.
$1(KK> carh required, balance any time to
pleat-e ycu; 4y acres all und«-r fine Irrigation
system: '^> in fu:: bearing fruit: 5-room and
bath oottat-e: barn, stable: 5 acres rich hay
' land for elfalfe; balance timbered pasture; 1
mile of Courthouse and depot; don't wait to
.Tit*, but come and investigate. ,
$300 down; 1 mile of R. R. town: IS acres
level black loam: no building*; well fenced;
13 acres fu!l bearing pears ajvl French prunes;
fine creek for j>oultry: price (SOOU. any term?.
$4C«>t — nert hop land in Sonoma County; 4:)
SLcrf-y. « miles of. Santa Rosa: large hophouse;
• head of Jersey cows: hess: 4Oo hens; warca.
buggy. 2 sets of hsmeee. span horres. farming
tools, dairy utJnFlls. furniture; buy this and
zn£ke RMDCjr fatter than they do In the Mint.
fK5<K»— -ciefe to Nana (Tty: SO acres rich,
level land; 3"> tcrcs in orchard 12 years old:
rood S-rocm house; !anr«? barn, windmill and
tank: drying plant, poultry yards; horses, cat-
tle: faitr iinj tool*; good furr.lture; fine income-
half cash.
C2500 — 23 acre*, half rolling and ba!anc«
level; near Har.ta Roi=a. 3 miles of Kenwood:
rich land; 2 acr-s orchard: vineyard: creek, 2
wells: dee cottar*. 5 rooms; large barn;
fenced ir.to 4 fields; B poultry-houses large
wt— nettirs? yard*. 150 laying hens': rood
hcrse. 3 cattle; rprlng wss-on, top baggy; 4
tons hay: ear" term?. /
f47rf»— Or. Gusdalupe Cretk. south of San
Jcse; C3 a.-r«y; 12 lr> full bearing orchard In
f.ne condition j baiarce e-er.tly sloping fine hay
:a:-.J; fine creek; 2T. ir.arnific*-nt oak trtes; 4-
room cottar*; rood rt«b!»: fc» Income: 'we
have n choice list of tma!l home* i n Fauta
Clara County; pleased to drive you around and
(how them.
$2950 — 2 rr:!!es cf Sonoma City; 10 acres level
*art!en soil; SH acres bearing vine*; 1 acre
fruit; gix.'d dwelling, fcarr., poultry-hou»«s;
horse. 1 uracon. carts, plotrs, 3 sets " harness!
tools, v.-'.ae rirss, tanks and tacks: furniture;
f.r.e crc?.
S1700— 25 acres, c>o«w» to Cellstoga; adapted
trt vine* and tree«; family orchard; coxy S-
roorn cottage; good tarn: fine water.
$400 down — 5 acres good land, with new,
Jiard finished cottage of !i rooms and bath;
jiirge br-xxler-house. 2 lnrubatcre. brooders; all
farrniiic tools; near PetaJuma: price $2000.
J35O0 —^3nly 1 mite of Haywards: 37 acre*
f.ne lar.fi; 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
house, C r"vir-.* and bath: flnpy*. barn In caunty,
alone c*>tt J4r>00; Cne view; this is the best buy
!n tbe vicinity.
LODI. LODL
T~r.» town that hae the "FSAT" to it: the
•*cticn «h»t ha« the most fertile sell In th«
P_r Jrg.^uln Valjey; Cut roads; water trans-
portation.
\V« ar» pu'i>dlv!(!ir.r a choice tract In JO-*cr<>
lots: only 2'.2 : .:>v from town; surrounded by
xr.<v!"WT! horr.es and f.ne crchar<S3 snd vineyards:
roil rirh. biack. rnndv loam. 12 feet deep:
' rchool m the tract; *73 per ac—; this will not
la^t over "9 iayt; first eorrt, first served.
Jl— 30 — :r» Rcrr-s in vine e:id fruit belt, neat
\yf_\- n?Ay ioeai: S-rcom hous» and barn.
ffend stercp for the largest and most dlversl-
PpKCttd H^t on the coast.
WIIITn t BATT^T.
Kur»-ea«Ars t.i
25 -!cr.t:r;rrer>- st., rV>om S.
Preperty Exchsnge a Specialty.
FOn SALE cr <rcUange — J2S,fi00; 212
rcres, !i> minutes from Et. Helena. Napa
County; CT> acres re*i»tant vines: !* under
a .high etate of cultivation and is the best
watcrc-d ranch in the West. t=plen<lld mod-
ern refider.i.-*. and cut LuIMluc*. This f«
one of the finest country 1'rcperties th*t has
«-vcr l>ecn o«r«-r<-d on th» I'aclfic cotict. and
has oosi the owner $C»,C00. Might ex=L_rge
1 for i'e.n Francisco income propertj-. Uood
rras-ni" for esTlficlnr. Iyt «• E jve you fall
partlccl.TS. -GEf». F. COSBY, room 105
Earcn Uork. Oakland.
FOR BALE or exrhsr.TO— $25,000. .125 acres
rich loam foil. 6 miles from Et. Helena!
NapA Ovjr.ty; Ho acres full bearing resid-
ent vines: floe v.inery: cor^^rage: gaod rcsj-
Aencc: t.:'I«-n<1l<l r.vt buildinc, etc.; abuntf-
nnce n{ wood and water; $<nr.O peryoral
IToncny r° with ?alc; everj-thintr complete.
- Will r.et $:;0<X» t-^r an-.ium. V.'ill sell on
cary trr—? cr xi'Al cschanpe for Sen Kran-
clt^o or Oatlaad rro;.erty: ?73.O0O ha« been
exr'ef'ed on thif ranch. A chaiic* here for
«.rr.*>bTdr to make monry. I>»t n« g|»e you
full oartlctilar*. GEO. F. COSBT, room IC5,
Eacon binek.* Oakland.
I32C0 — T, ACRES, p-'joltry ranch: Just outsid* of
rtty I'.niit" of Pc-taiunis: furnlshe<l house of
S rr-crns. lar^e bam. and stable. 12 rticlcen
bou»e». -t r/roodcr Ji^>u?e«, windmill and WlOO-
tank: who> jilaoe In crrhard. apples.
i»rur.p» oni r^-srs: :•.:!. ft-nced o::d crose-
fer.w-d Into ohlcken yardr; wire netting;
rraE3rn'.j> terrrp if dfslred. Call or write
V. TC." liVUKl.lt. ffffvjfr KruItvaJe and
vVa*hlB£tc;i ttreets. Ftult\e.!e. Cal.
SEAL ESTATE — COUHTB? — Tot Sale.
BURR & YOUNG.
40 McrUruriti-y nirett. Phone John 1S3C.
LOOK AT THESE BARGAINS.
$700 — »i s a-rcs uil cleared; facing ma. a
county road: close to stores, churches, etc.;
t> f tiil<-H from Watson vllle. ,
flo'-'j — 0 acicB level land: good dwelling: H
mile iron It. li. station: near tn:all tov.n, «
rnilps from Watscuvllle- would maie eplenJid
loultry rancli.
St'JZo— t, ucres cf rich land; mcdern 5- room
dwelling: 2 irllen from Watscnvllle on main
county read; 4 ucrts Newtown pippin apples;
orn. cf the rtrust homes in Pajaro Valley; elec-
tric cars will run by tbu place inside 01
n?:;t twelve months. •
f^OC*i — IS acres. 'J tnilc» from Watsonvllle:
10 arrc? i:i a'^Iss, apricots and berries; Rood
B-rootn liou*?. bain, etc: 1 cow. "J50 chlckeii3,
2 fcors.v. double and tingle wagons, 1 disc
cultivator 1 plow, '1 harrows, 12 tons hay;
household a:.d all farm Iwulesicr.ts; also
sro-.vir.jf orc^s co irlth the:i>Uce.
SHXxj — r*> ;u-rfs i-.:ii acd valley lar.d. 3 miles
from Calis'-cra: 1 mile from school house: 1
acres LeaiinK vines. :; acres orchard: good €-
ro->m i-cuicp L^rn and ontbulldinc*. well: good
i.-iron;.-.
* 1200— S 14 acre*, one-balf m!le from Calla-
tcjra: 5-n cm hcuw, 200 fruit trees.
?35C<f— :u\.. acres fine valley land: 3 miles
from Caiisicra; 2-itory house, burn; near
■cbootj
J27OD— 8 acr«s eanUy land. 4^i miles from
I'etalun-.a; huu&e, 3 nxims aiA furniture, barn,
3 brooder houses, «3 brooders, 4 poultry house*.
« acres vineyard; sold latt year's crop for $200
on vines; 30 laving hens, 5i» pulleis 3 months
old. COO chicks" 8 weeks ol&: wagon, harness,
pl^w. cov.-, etc.
$-45CO — 12 acres socd sandy loam; 7-room
h'.uw and bath, barn and windmill, tank, very
good orchard: rear town.
• ?l5tK)— 14 acres, li m!!e frcr.i Cloverdale; cot-
tr.ge. 5 roorrs ar.d t«sfir;r.t; good barn and
poulir> houses, several springs of water, good
t-earirjr vineyard, small crchard.
$."?100 — lo acre*, house 4 rooms, pantry.
closet, etc.; good Imrn, nrlndral'.l and tank;
water rlwd to different places; S poultry
j houses. Incubator and store hous*. 240 hens.
2i'<0 ch;cU». sow, family orcha'rd; good meney-
| maker. '
11.100 — 64 acres hill land, 3 miles from Mar-
1 tirwz, J, mile from station; SO acres plowed
1 land, balance pasture: barn, wagon bhed, fine
I spring water; lot growing oak.
$23<iO — 20 acres, l«i miles from Clayton;
I good houre, 4 rocirs, bath; chicken yards and
houses, wagon and tool shed. 2 ac,res of or-
«-h«rd and vineyard, coring water i>lped to
lious«e and barn: all good tillable scil, e*pe-
I daily fine for crape?.
; $50 i>er acre — ?20 acres of hill and vaJley
land. 4 miles from Martinet on country road:
I all rocd tillable land; fair hou«e of 4 rocms;
1 large barn, granary, well, windmill, tank,
I cistern, family crchard; nicely located.
$45 p»r acre— 42 acres rich rolling land. >•;
mile from Aronas and 6 miles from Wa'.sin-
vllle^ lagcon on place; splendid buy.
! - $3000 — .15 acre* of land; sood dwelling and
i barn: spring water; 2 acres timber. C acres
po'atovs. balance grain; 0 miles from Watson-
vllle.
TO EXCHANGE.
«3-rocm cottage, worth ?2u0o. in Oakland, for
ranch in Santa Cruz Co. ; will ray difference.
Grocery. Sl.%00; 5-rcom cottage, worth $2000.
for ranch not over J4<XX»; will pay ca«h differ-
ence for srr.nU ranch near liiKh school in north
I half of State: also many other city properties
i to exchange f<*r ranches.
Do you wish to buy city or country real
! estate in California? If sj 4jcp us a line.
1 giving us a desorlotlon and tne locality you
j desire and we will «r.d you list of cur best
I bargains.
Have >ou city or country real estate to sell
I or exchange, and want to find out the best
I way to do 90, by dropping us a card, we will
I se-nd you our plan free.
BL'RR & TOU.VG,
! 40 Montgomery *trect, San Francisco.
ATTRACTIVE BARGAINS.
640 acre's ulfalfa or general farm land; 2
■ artt-siar. wells; house and large barn; $15
1 per Ecre; terras.
f25 PER ACRE.
Any numb'r of acres alfalfa lands In the
Modesto, Turlock districts.
?40 PER ACRE.
00 acres general fa*n: 15 acres S-year-oId
orchard; eood six-room house; large barn; ad-
Joining town.
20 acres: small house; barn 24 feet; wind-
j mill; «ood well, also well and pump near
■ bouse: irrisation canal alone: and on rear of
I laud; near railroad elation, school, ttc; price
! J1S00.
10 acres: new seven-room house, barn, wind-
■ mlil, «-tc. : t; acres to fine bearing Tokay vines;
I 1 acre alfalfa; irlce $45C0.
; C acres on Irrigation canal; finest fruit, vine
I or alfalfa land on market: price $450.
i 13 acres on canal, facing fine road: fenced
• on three sides; canal along west line; elegant
I sandy loam coil for ail purposes; price $975.
5-acre tract; black loam' soil; school, rail-
road : ration, postofflce and • stores \? mile;
price ?300.
10 acres; nice 3-room cottage: barn, well,
cement floor brooding-house; hot air heated
for chickens: well for irrigation; school, rural
delivt-ry and good neighborhood; price $2400.
160 acres fine rraln. vine or fruit land; ele-
gant improvements; 9-room dwelling; wind-
mill, lank, barn, etc.; rural mall, etc.; price
JG5 ;vr acre.
15 r.cres: new house. 6 rooms, bath, closets,
etc.; windmill and tank; water to house, barn
' and yard: barn and chicken-houses; Irrigating
plant, 5-borse-power engine, oil cr gasoline;
\ price ?4000.
24 acre?: 5-room house; barn, windmill and
I tank, chlckfn-houses, etc.; small family orch-
' ard and vines; faces county road: l'i miles
] from railway station; two miles from cream-
! ery; f24CO. i
■ 1
60 acres orchard, in foothills;- good im-
1 provemenU; splendid water; near railway sta-
I tion: good buy at $3000.
P. H. JORDAN CO.. fi3S Market Bt.,
or RHODES & DUDLEY, Stockton. Cal.
FOIl farms, stock ranches, orchards and vine-
yard land* call or send for catalogues.
ROTHEKMEL & CO., 5(J7 California st.
Several tracts of redwood timber lands; 160 to
iO.OCO or more acres.
j $S an acre — 600 acres fine redwood timber land
near sawmill and ocean landing.
I $75 an acre — ISO acres tule vegetable lands,
; producing large crops potatoes, corn, beans,
; etc.; rent for $8 an acre; on way to Stockton.
515OU — 166-acre mountain ranch, near Uklah:
5-room house, barn and sheds, orchard and
vineyard and stock range: Includes horses,
■ cows and'pyultry; a bargain.
$l«C0— Hill ranch of 240 acres; S miles from
i Ft. Helena. Napa Co.; with house, barn,
! orchard ami vineyard.
! $1500— Good roadhouse stand near Calistoga: 2
acres in crchard; S-room house and barn; 2
well*.
$22I>0 — 13-acre fruit and poultry farm, with 5-
roum house and barn; all In orchard and
vineyard; near Sonoma; a nice home.
$2500 — Level valley farm. 20 acne; near Santa
Rosa: with a house and barn.
$1750 — Ranch 1C0 aerea, on creek near Clayton;
part bottom land, with new houss and barn.
See our Contra Costa list.
jr.OOO — Farm. 16*i acres; near San Jose; all
valley land; god house and barn, orchard,
etc.
$C500— Splendid farm: rich valley land: ha'.f
mile from Napa; 50 acres; nice house and
barn and 2.") acres In paying orchard: see this.
%i an acre only— 1670 acres on Russian River
ana at railroad station; in Mendoclno County;
several hundred acres level bottom and pla-
teau land: rich soil for grain, alfalfa and
fruit; r^st Is hill, pasture Vnd wood land:
nearly enough wood to pay for the land; rare
bargain.
$15. 000 — F*.ne ttock ranch: 3400 acres: one lins
of railroad, north of Willlts, with buildings:
. several hundred acres farm land: running
' -water snd thousands of tan cak and wood;
mu5t et-U to close estate; best bargain In
Mt-ndoclno.
ROTHEP.MEL & CO.. 607 California et.
$5000— SO ACRES cf land, all under cultlva-
! tion with Improvements. In orchard section
of Sutter County; only three miles from
county »eat «md on line cf new Irrigation
ditch. • i
A sn»p ir taken soon, but wllj not kwp.'
M. J. NEWKOM,
406 Second st.. Marysvllle, Cal
A BEAUTIFUL Swim chalet and outhouse*,
ali.up to date, and 6 acres of prime land
planted to apples: situate on Lake Pinto:
climate and scenery unsurpassed: 21$ rr.lles
north of Wawonvti!". Santa Crvz Co.; gram-
mar school within a few hundred yards; 60-
acre apple orchard adjoins above; will be
sold «-parate!v or an a whole: owner absent
from State; wlreJ u*. "sell." ,
GAFFE V & MAHOK,
11 Montgomery st.," S. F.
10- ACRE lot» In the celebrated Santa Clara
Valley: 2 miles from Mountain View; 1 mile
from new Catholic University and 5 miles
from Stanford; the electric road may go
throuph the tract: $170 to $200 per acre; lib-
eral terms. I. J. TRUMAN, Call bide.. 8. F.
SPECIAL bargain— Dairy and grain ranch, 400
acres in Ss.cran-.ento valley; will divide Li a
places, ICO acre* with improvements. S20 per
acre: K*> acres at $15 per acre, and SO acres
In growing grain. $.';«; part os»h, balance at
5 i*r cent. See P. C. LA Si EN & CO. 463
Tenth nt.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send pottal lor catalogue of the best lanf
bargains in CAKlorai*. C. M. WOO5TER CO..
«S Market st. ■
WE have for sale the Muir ranch at, Martinez;
SI acr«?« in vines: '-j on resistless njots; mod-
ern 10-room house, packing rooms, cold stor-
age, etc;, going at a bargain. F. F. POR-
TEi;, 4CQ Eighth et.. Oakland.
MANY email ranch**, fruit and poultry;' In. bay
count!?*. MOUSE & SCHXEPF. C32 Market.
CONTRA Costa Ocsnty Ke«l estate , for s»!e.
;Scnd for IUk. V. J. WEST. Martlnei. CaL :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER- IS,: 1904:
HAYV/A3US BSA_ ESTATE.
P. V.'ILBERT. REAL ESTATE. INSURANCE.
CHRISTMAS OFFERINGS OF REAL RES-
TATE IN THE GARDEN OF EDKN. MOKE
rOMMONLY CALLED HAYWARD. ALA-
MEDA COUNTY, CALIFORNIA.
7 acres, with small house and barn, well and
pump; l'j miles from town; near electric
line and new boulevard; $H00.
Vacre*. with tniall house, good barn. 3 chick-
<n-houses. well and pump, plenty wood and
v.ater; .t;C0<). . ,
23 acres, with fine large house, barn.- several
acres in fni!t and vines: fine place for sum-
r.i.r boarders; l.-nprovements worth the price;
only SJ50O.
r«Vi a-.-res. with 5-room house, barn, numerous
chleton-hoosea. well and pump, several acres
In young fruit. 30iJ fine chickens, cow, horse,
harney« and buggy, 2 brooder houses, chicken
yards separately fenced: everything In good
shape to make menty; a positive snap; only
?3fO0.
Unimproved land in subdivisions to suit: fine
for fruit or poultry, in the famous Cartro
Valley; only 5175 per acre.
12-3 acres: nice little stock ranch, only 5 miles
from town, comfortable Improvements, good
road, fins trout stream runs through the
place; only 5." COO. •
12^i acres, obcut 1-3 in full bearing fruit, new
lioutse of 5 rooms, barn. well, windmill and
tank, fine cistern, chlcken-hous**, berries
and irrigating rilant. horse, spring wagon,
cart and chickens; Sne read; near town;
only .?7<>0O.
Fine m<K!ern high basement cottage of 4 rooms
and bath, barn;' lot .V>x1«M feet; 0 blocks
from postoffice: only $1300.
THESE OFFERINGS "MUST HE SEEN" TO BE
APPRECIATE!*. CALL EARLY AND GET
FIRST CHOICE.
P. WILBERT,
Castro, near B St.,
Huyward, Cal. :
$175 PER acre. 2'"> ucres unimproved; fine lo-
cation for chicken ranch: good orchard
land: IVi r.-.Hes from Hayward.
$7600 — 2.">*i acres: boova 6 roomn. barn, out-
buildings, tank and mill: mostly in fruit
and trails; nice location; 2 miles from
Hayward.
$4750 — 41'. arres. good house, 7 rooms, -barn,
mill" and tank, partly 1*1 fruit, chicken-
houses and yards. 300 chickens, cow,
horse, harness, wason and farming lm-
* plements; nice home; 1 mile from town.
! $250d — lo acres, small house, barn, chlcken-
house and yards, partly In fruit and
grapes; rr-jar new boulevard: 1 mile from
electric cars: this Is a snap.
$1200 — 7 acres, house, « rooms, barn. 6 chick- !
en-houses, mill nnd tank, running water
through place year around, 2 miles from
Hayward: close to school; improvements
worth rrice aslted for whole.
KAMAYE & KTANTON,
Castro, near A »t.. Hayward.
SAK SATEO _EA_T_STAT_7V
BAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
I We have a choice 'list of excellent residence
I properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fail
i to see us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
I Park, the ideal property of them all. Lots of
I about one acre each. Bound to be most valu-
: able; $900 up.
HAYWARD ADDITION.
Adjoining, the towo. Business and residence
lotB. Street wcrk complete. Covered with ma-
jestic oaks. Easy term"'. See our local agent,
Frank S. Grummon. San Mateo office open
Sunday.
BALDWIN - HOWELL, 25 Post st.
LOMITA PARK.
As an investm-.nt or for a home site, a 50-
! foot lot in Lomita Park offers exceptional ad-
: vantages. Only 43 minutes from the city on
' the San Mateo electric line; outside the fog
I belt: well located and drained: artesian water;
I streets graded: water and sewer pipes laid.
1 Terms — A nr3t payment of from $10 up and
[balance at $10 per month. Easily within the
! reach of all. First placed on the market Aug-
I ust 1 and over half now sold. Must be seen
j to be appreciated. Go down and Investigate or
I write to-day — to-morrow may be too late to
j secure a choice.
c-ELBY. RODGERS & CO..
; Main 673. 110 California st. £
I Also at LOMITA PARK.
> ELMHUEST REAL ESTATE.
! T
I $600— ACREAGE: 5 to 10 acre tracts, $600
per acre; on S. P. R. R. track. '.:■?,■
j $1000— 4-room house and lot; bath, pantry and
toilet; half block from electric cars.
1? you want suburban property see JAMES
J. OTOOLE, Elmhurst.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
ALVIN TRACT.
$75 each — Lots in the Alvln Tract, only 1
block from the station.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
1 C0I.MA BEAI. ESTATE.
FOR SALE.
COLMA REAL ESTATE.
Large lots; acre lands; near line San Fran-
: Cisco. Inquire 4lt» Hearst bldg. R. S.
THORNTON.
HEA- ESTATE TO EXCHAWQE.
i FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
$25,000 — 325 acres rich loam soli, G miles
: from St. Helena. Napa. County; 110 acres full
I bearing resistant vines; fine winery cooperage;
I good residence; splendid outbuildings, etc.;
1 abundance of wood and water; $4000 pevonal
! property go with sale; everything complete;
j will net $."5000 per annum; will sell on easy
terms or exchange for San Francisco or Oak-
'■ land property; $75,COO has been expended on
1 this ranch: a chance here for somebody to
; make money; let us give you full particulars,
i GEORGE F. COSBY, room 1C5 Bacon block
Oakland.
i EXCHANGE— $2C00; 3 acres with new mod-
■ era bouse of 5 rooms and bath; good well,
, barn, outbuildings, etc.; no Incumbrance; In
: flourishing little town 8 miles from Berkeley;
I . will exchange fcr cottage In Oakland, Ala-
! meda or Berkeley and pay from $500 to $1000
j difference. GEORGE V. COSBY, room 106,
I Bacon block. Oakland.
I VINEYARD o r orchard land In 20. acre tracts-
j worth $75 p f r acre; in town of Parlier, Fres-
! no County: school. P. O.. a packing-houses,
■ store, water through tract; will exchange for
I Oakland, Berkeley. Alameda or S F. real
j estate. Address owner, I. J. TRUMAN, Call
I building. t?an Francisco.
: GOOD Oakland pj-opt:rty to exchange for coun-
I try property. L. A. SPENCER, 472 Tenth
; st.. Oakland. '
!* BEAli ESTATE WAKTED. '
j , ■
! WANTED— Modern cottage, with stable north
j Mkt. : spot cash. Williams. 157 New iiontgy.
j WANTED— For cash, house and lot- from prl-
' vat« pf-rty; no dealers. Bos 2141. Ca!l._
WANTED— 2 flats. Western Ad., or Mission"-
50000 to SSOOO; no. agents. Box 2247. Call.
J WANTED— Home fcr $2000 by paying a small
I deposit and balance monthly. Box 2670. Call.
j PASMS A2TO BAJTCH_S~TO~_EASE.
20 ACRES; hcu*e C room's." furnished; barn-
stable; chicken hou«es: for a term of years-
cheap. JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market. 8. F.'
ALAMEDA ADVERT ? S ? -TTS
A-A3SESA BEAI. ESTAVF.
CALL ON
HAMMOND ft HAMMOND,
The Leading and Reliable Real Estate Brokers,
A!&meda.
Do you want to b^iy a home: large or small:
If so. call on us; we have the largest and
choicest lUt to select from; terms cash or !n-
• „ llmenta. 1
JUST A FEW GOOD BUYS.
$1200— House of 5 rooms and bath on Grand
St.: lot 25x110; bargain.
$1500 — Good cottas*}. ft rooms and bath; north
side of street; lot 40x130; good buy.
S22CO— Just completed, beautiful modern 5-
room cottage; centrally located; lot 80x100-
thi» Is a snap; don't overlook.
$2350 — Modern 0-rcom cottage, completely
furnished: large lot, COx 1 10; Investigate.
$3250 — Will buy a modern 0-rcom cottage in
course or construction; lot 42x145; snap.,
$4750— Beautiful 0-room house on north side
San Antonio ave.; built for a*- home; 7 not to
sell: owner will sacrifice on account of leaving
State; if you are looking for a home don't fall
to see this property: lot 40x150.
BUILDING LOTS A SPECIALTY.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND
, : 1422 Park st.
, Alajneda.
Office opento-day from 8 to 2:30.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS • ■• ,
WIU build you a borne and let the rent pay
for.it. Several new homes for Eale; low price
ar.d easy terms. Choice building lots In all
parts of Alameda on terms to suit. It will
pay von, to »je;us if you Intend to own your
own home. Corner Seventh and Railroad ave.
LARGE lots. 15S feet deep: any frontage; : S10
per front foot; .$50 cash and, $10 per month
Callat Railroad ave. and Fifth Et. and see 3
II." YOUNG, owner, at new building.'
52100— FOR fa!e: new cottage of 5 rooms; now
• In course of. construction: " lot S3xl55; - easy
terms : : call " at :■ Rullroad - ave..- west » of Fifth
st. J. IX. -YOUNG, ■cwr.er and builder.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S ? M'TS
Beautiful Homes for." Sale in- Alameda.
Beautiful .Homes for Sale In . Alameda:
ON EASY TERMS.
ON. EASY TERMS.
BY THE ALAMEDA LAND CO..
150O Park Et.
Now la the time to purchase.
Look at our bargains.
Houses and' lots at all prices.
Terms. to suit.
A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS..
$2230 buys new 5-room cottage; good size lot;
a snap.
$2D00 buys a new 6-room cottage; corner lot;
worth $3250. -:■■-■
$2500 buys 5-room cottage; ' lot 40x170; very
cheap.
$2750 buys new 5-room colonial house; lot 30x
20a.
$2750 buys elegant 6- room house; Clinton ave.;
a bargain.
$.',C0O buys 0-room Hi-story colonial home;
fine location: laree lot.
$4000 buys I-room house; choice location.
$4500 buys S-roora house and stable; lot 60x150.
J55CO buys house of 8 rooms and bath: floe
corner lot: cheap: must be sold. •
fCOCO — 8 rooms and bath: lot 37:6x150; Central
; -avi.
Houses Built, Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st.'. Alameda.
- ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
A HOUSE FOR EVERYBODY.
Thirty lots from $10 to $16 per front foot:
five, minutes from Fifth st. station; $50 down,
balance easy terms. ' .
Homes from $1000 uo on terms; must ( be
seen to be appreciated, j
V\:. -.-"-FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A fine 7-room houss, modern, near Morton
st. station; for SaJi Francisco property.
'''i-:.\l: JUST SUBDIVIDING.
One of the best blocks on' Santa Clara ave.:
3 minutes' walk to either narrow or broad
gauge station; will be sold on terms.
Suitable for a residence and laree garden:
electric cars pass the property: a block of land
on San Jose ave., near Versailles . t station:
200x235; a bargain.
. Also a block on Pacific ave.. between 8th
and Wood sts. ;. fine location; one block from
MuMick station.
Two 4-rocm fiats in fine location on Pacific
ave.; at a bargain.
One-story and basement cottage; upper flat
pavs Investment.
A. R. DENKE. 14C0 Webrter St., Alameda.
Or C. A. POMEROY. 11 Montgomery St., San
Francisco.
GREAT BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE. ~"
$13.CC0— Sherman St.; house 12 rooms; lot
75x150.
$7000— Sherman St.; house 8 rooms; lot 50x
150.
$3500 — Cllntcn ave.; house 3 rooms; lot BOx
HO.
$2500 — Lincoln ave.; cottage C rooms; lot 50x
130.
$2.150 — Park ave.: cottnse 5 roon-.s.
$2700— Eagle ave.; elegant cottage 5 rooms;
lot 40xl5o.
$4500 — Chestnut 'St.; modern house, 7 rooms;
lot 40x150.
All these properties ar« modern, choice lo-
cations and' are belnsr offered for about one-
half of their value. Give us a call.
■ E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park St.
WE have a choice selection of lots In Ala-
meda; best residential section; on which we
will build to suit purchaser, on terms of
$3in> and $500 cash, balance In monthly pay-
ments. Fame as rent: we have In course of
completion a 6-room high basement cottage:
basement all plastered and cemented floor
with all latest Improvements; near school and
station: lot 42:6x135. ■* V".-'-';
Price $3200. v
We have a list or cottages and two-story
houses for sale from SXOO up; call and see us.
WILLIAM DUFOUR & CO.,
232S Santa. Clara ave.
Near Park st., Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOME LOTS.
The finest subdivision In all of Alameda;
beautiful lots fronting on Bay st.. San 'An-
tonio ave. and the bay; size 50x150 each; cov-
ered with trees; prices reasonable.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.-
1 ■ Or ' ■ --
1 E. D. JUDD CO.. " 1*24 Park et..
: - Alsmeda: ■ ■*_
ALAMEDA STORES TO LET.
A RARE chance for a butcher; an old stand,
stables, etc. : low rent. Apply A. R. DENKE,
14M Wcbuter at. ■ .
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY SEAL ESTATE.
PROFITS In Realty are made by knowing
what REAL ESTATE to GO BY
And what REAL ESTATE TO GO
BUY.
This office has always made a prac-
tice of handling \nd disposing of >
properties strictly on their merits. "-*V
7 Investors consulting us for an ap-
praisal before purchasing property
• ' get a ''sure thing."
.We , design and. build Berkeley
Homes of the most modern and at-
' tractive styles, for rent or for sale.
. Intending purchasers or tenants are
• respectfully invited to Investigate our
services.
1 • - --
We have successfully served others.
We .can successfully serve you.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO.. '
2140 Center St., Berkeley Station.
Key Route Ter^nlnus.
NEW 5- room cottage: bath, pantrj-. foldln"
doors, mantel, gas nnd electric light? flxt
tures and everything complete- concrete
foundation; city water; good lot; 'pood loca-
tion; street work done; 2 blocks to Key Route
and S. 1\ stations; price $2500: terms $300
cash, balance came as rent— $25 monthly
p. R RUDOLPH. Lorin Station. South'
Berkeley. . Open, Sunday*.
SNAP— Almost new 4.room cottatrc. bath hleh
basement, bay-window, brick foundation «ta
tionary tubs: lot 4Cxl32: street work do'n«- "
blocks to station. -school, church and sto'»s"-
price, $1600; terms. $200 cash balance *$1«
monthly. Open Sundays. O. A, RUDOT PH
Lorin station. South Berkeley. j -ir'.
A. '-MOST new 5-room cottage; bath nantrv
!»>k foundation: lot COslCO: all fenced- mice
I -,*-,>): terms $150 cash, balance $20 monfhlv-
jck to electric cars and main street O*
. \ /RUDOLPH. Lorin Station South her!.-*'
>^.<y. Open Sundays. ' . 7?'.
BIG bargatn— Almost new 8-room house- bsth
pantry, mantel, folding doora. electric 'llch««'
lot 40x110; % 2 blocks to station and' stores :
everything In nm-elass condition- mice
$2100; terms $250 cash, balance S2o monthlv
- O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin Station. s O u tn
Berkeley.; Open Sundays. . ouul
J2000— NEW cottage, ft rooms, b.-th- eTfoot
basement: lot :{Oy.l05: grand view chctce
location: street work done; sidewalks laid-
will sacrifice for quick sale; owner colne
vaway; must sell and; will sell; a reason-
able offer will not -be refused; If you are
locking fora snap this Is your chance- 1
block from- stations l5 o'
$3250 — Elegant new modern house, \ S' rooms
finely finished: In hardwoods; one mlnut«
from stations ;- fine neighborhood- $°50
■ cash. $35 -per month. -■ - . ' 141 ■
$2«00— Bunfralow. 5 rooms; 2 blocks froTi «ta-
- . tion: $300 cash. $25 month. " j^A
$1600— New, cottage. , 4 rooms, block from sta-
tion: electric lights, etc.; anything rea-
sonable down, balance same as rent 123
$400— Lots level and ready to build; $106 cash
$10 per month. - '. •
HEDEMARK & JACK CO .
3217 Adeline st... Lorin-Berkeley.
City office. 11 Montgomery at.
• ■• ■ /-.■;:•■■■■■•.- -.- "LOTS. "' .-* : " ; *
. $1100- T 50xl25 on .University ave. : .north ■ side
near Grant. - - ■ ' . . ■ -. . ■ '.
$300— 40x135; Russell st., near King. -
$300— 40x135; Oregon St., near Calais.
$950— 40x100: Virginia St.. corner Louisa. '
$$50—40x120; east of College ave. .
$3000— $400 cash., balance 8 per. cent: new
C-room house: lot .40x115:^1 block of cars- 1
block of; station.. , • , „ - ■
$1500—4 acres.- within 2 blocks of station:
not far out; weir worth J2T.00.
$400— -Lot. -100x135; : Franklin, et.. > near .Vif-
=lni^* MORAN- & SWAIN.
; ■ Opposite - Berkeley,. Station.
1500-^GOOD 50x100: rear school - and
car lines: If taken soon., $2650; good 5-room
cottage : ' lot-: 50x135: street t- work all <■ done.
'■•'. LITTLE ■ & WOOLSEY. 2110; Shattuck ave.;
: Berkeley.-' Csl.>^^gggsJ|^^^g^jj(|y|||||||||pW
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BEB— E— SY BEAI. ESTATE.
BUY IN BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY.
WHY DO I SAY THIS?
BECAUSE I BELIEVE IN BERKELEY.
I have lived here for 23 years, and know
how nearly It approaches the Ideal in all the
elements of a residential city.
Its climate la among the best, "neither hot in
cummer . nor cold in winter. The natural lay
cf the lajid affords perfect drainage.
In beauty of situation nothing surpasses
Berkeley. The outlook either upon. the hills
to the cast, or the glorious panorama of bay.
mountains and Golden Gate to ' the^tvest, ' is
lovely leyond description. Berkeley Is the
educational center of the Pacific Coast. Its
schools are maintained at the highest. standard,
and here is located the great University of
California, with nearly 4000 students, and fast
becoming one of the foremost educational ln-
liUtutlcna of the land.
Berkeley's elements of growth are many.
The advantages enumerated above draw to It
in constantly increasing numbers from all over
the. coast those who seek such facilities and
surroundings for their families.
In addition Its nearness to and superior con-
nections with San Francisco, the commercial
heart of the coast, makes Berkeley specially
advantageous for those wishing to engage In
business In San Francisco. Thousands of the
clerks, merchants and professional men of that
city reside in Berkeley, and the numbers. are
increasing at a wonderful rate. Two ferry
. lines connect the two cities, running 5 trains
per hour, and making tha trip within 35 min-
utes. \
Berkeley Is growing now at the rate at about
3000 per year and this growth Is sure to be
augmented. | The university will become larger
and- grander and Its Influence more far reach-
ing. A great metropolitan, population U bound
to settle upon the shores of San Francisco Bay.
The superior transportation facilities now pos-
sessed by Berkeley will be further addea to
and perfected, making It a still more conveni-
ent point of residence. -
To be the finest residential city of the coast
is the certain .'destiny of Berkeley. If you
think cf securing a home, or have money to
Invest, buy In Berkeley. Houses and lots for
sale In all parts of town. REMEMBER, THE
BEST BARGAINS ARE ALWAYS LISTED;
WITH OLD RELIABLE AGENCIES. KOR
FURTHER INFORMATION INQUIRE OF
H. D. IRWIN 32C4 ADELINE ST.. --<■•.
LORIN STATION, BERKELEY.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
BERKELEY. CAL.
End of the Year Bargains.
We can trlve you the names of hundreds
of people in Berkeley' who have made money
this year buying Berkeley property. There
are still rood opportunities for the man with
a little money, and a desire to better himself.
LOOK AT THESE!
450— Good lot on Stuart st.; 40x135: macad-
amized and sewered.
$600— Splendid 60-foot lot on Hearst ave.:
macadamized and sewered.
$550— Good 40- foot lot on Rose st.; macad-
amized and sewered. We can make terms.
Don't think you have to have all cash.
$750 — Another good buy on Louisa St.; 40x
135: fully .Improved.
See us at once,
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center st.. Berkeley Station.
Here Is a list of some good houses for sale:
$2600 — New 5-room home; all modern; near
station: terms to suit.
$•'5000 — Pretty borne on Grove st., near Key
Route.
■ ?320O— Comfortable home, on Ward st.
§4000.— 10-bouse on Vine st.; near depot. A
snap! / x—
$4000 — New briox house on Fulton st. You
must see this! Good-sized lot, 45x120; terms
if desired.
Call on V.'. J. MORTIMER & CO..
Berkeley Station.
$4500 — Mcdern home on Walnut st.; now
rented for $37 net.
$1500 — See that pretty home In the Wheeler
tract. A good renter.
$5350 — A eplendid new home on Hllgard ave.;
near can and college.
$7500 — Fine corner home on Walnut st. ; mod-
ern In every particular.
$10,000 — See that fine home, corner cf Euclid
\and Virginia.
$17,500 — One of Berkeley's magnificent
homes, situated on Channing Way, near Tele-
graph. If you want something nice, this will
suit you.
We are loaded for any kind of a proposition.
Make us a call.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center st.. Berkeley Station.
. A SNAP— BEE IT!
$1450 — $250 cash, balance $15 per month:
new 5-room cottage, hot and cold water, bath
and toilet, high basement, brick foundation; 1
block to cars. - ■
$6000— House of 8 large rooms; all modern j
and up-to-date, with ■ a . block > of land; well,
windmill and tank, barn, , chicken-house, fruit
trees; house cost more than I am asking for
the property.
$1850 — New 5-room cottage; high basement,
fine mantel, stationary tubs, bath, toilet, etc..
large lot; 1 block to cars.
$2800— $S0O cash, balance $25 per month: 8
large rooms;' all modern; lot 50x135; fruit j
trees: work all done.
$300 to $000— Street work all done; $25 cash,
balance $5 and $10 per month."" '
$1500— $320 cash, balance $15 per month; 4
largo rooms; good well and city water; lot
40x135. >
$2100— $2C0 cash, balance $20 per month; 5 I
large rooms and bath; stationary wash tubs; !
fine mantel, high basement; cement walks; I
street wcrk all done; 2 blocks to both trains. • !
$2200— $1100 cash., balance flat mortgage; 8-
room house; lot 70x100; 3 blocks to train; re-
duced from $3000 for quick sale.
W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
"TRUTH IS MIGHTY."
In these columns we have been telling you
some truths about Berkeley property and many
persons have been Investigating and have con-
vinced .themselves, as our sales will show.
Do you realize that
A HOME IN BERKELEY
Is a step toward Independence? Why not In-
vestigate at once? Why pay your landlord 12
uer cent or more when you can save half of
It and have your OWN HOME In the end?
THINK ABOUT IT!
• 35 minutes and a 5-cent fare to the city.
We have some tine properties or will build
what you 'want, tfor your interest look up
the McGEE TRACT. 4
FRANCIS FERRIER.
2121 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
Aftfie Key Route terminus., ■•.;■-
* " ALBEE & CORYELL.
' SPECIAL BARGAINS TO OFFER .
${200 — For the next 10 days we offer for <»ale
' ». two new. modern. 5-room flats: lot 5ox ■
i:l5 fett: centrally located, east of :
Shattuck ave., at *4L'C0. They will
readily rer.t at $5C a month. This Is an 1
exceptionally jjood i>urcha?e and only i
open to you for a few 1 days.'
$13 000— Choice business property, centrally Io-~
cated: easily worth $20, OCo.- Party wants,
to ye!!. ...
$300 a front foot — Cor the best vacant busl-
-.. ivcss '. corner In Berkeley. This is- a i
,. .unap; the cslce will double in three!
ytar?.
I $U,SC0-fFor choice business frontace: second
to none. in Berkeley; will pay S to 10
per ce:-.t net. • -
$.10.000— Choice business block In Berkeley*.
paying ::oc-«l Income on the Investment.
$1SCO to .?25U»-*-Severzl rr.cst dejirabl« resl-
- dence corners -in- Berry-Bams* tract.
-Other business property, residences acd resi-
dence Iota, choice locations at . reaswi-
■ cblc prices. .Several houses and flats
, for, rent In choice locations. We are al-
ways nt your service. -
• ALBEE & COKYELL,
Real Estate & Insurance, 21.IU Center st.
Office phone North 5S. Res. r>hone Stuart 155.'5.
$2200 and $2500— Two five-room cottages now
-belnc; built:, will finish to 3uit; central;
-.' south front: Investigate.
$135O— Lot CCxi:>T>. terrace, south front; cement
: walk: central; snap. , .
I SloCO— Lot CC-foot front; corner; terrace; ccn-
I tral;: Investlrato.
51200— Lot 50x110: sightly: overlooking entire
bay; view can never be cut out by build-.
, ings: siwp.
$2700 — 6-room colonial house; new; central;
--your own terms. ■ -
I Grocery store, small stock ■ with horse ami
wagon, wocd. coal and feed; horse and wajocs;
We show* nothing but bargains." Office open
to-daj. xSGRIGG & HARRIS;
X. w..cor. Dwlght way and Shattuck ave.
$2500— LOT,. 75x150 ft., with new mcdern cot-
. tago of 0 rooms; one minute from Key Route-
electric lights;, modern plumbing: street and
sidewalk : complete: this is -an unusual bar-
gain and only offered this week; 14 cash, bal-
ance bank mortgage; don't letithls opportu-
nity go by. : •-•
- - GEO. F. COSBY,
.--Room 105," Bacon . block.' Oakland. _.
NEWTON & NEEDHAM. ~ .
Good lot, street work all done. $475.
Two corner lots, 100x270, with 2 houses and
chance for four more houses paying rent, $20
per- month/- $3400. «•.-■■ ■•
Cozy 7-room cottage, corner lot: $3300; $500
down. j^ewtON • & NEEDHAM.
• 2131 , Center . ; Street.
MILLS. ; tbe real ' estate \ man ' of ; Berkeley, has
many special bargains for the holidays; save
some of, your Christmas. money, and secure a
home: ln f beautiful Berkeley. : At any rate/
call . and i see % the * real estate ; man.' MILLS, :
.2107 ShattucU ave. ; phone i Mason 21S2. .
BERKELEY ADVEET ? S ? NTS !
SESXELSY BEAT. ESTATE.
FAIRVIEW PARK.
Prices will positively be raised Jan. 1. V>05.
UNPRECEDENTED RECORD.
SALES IN THIS - TRACT UNSURPASSED.
Full 50- foot f rcnieze lots for $000 till the
new year.
All streets sewered, graded, macadamized
and sldewalked.
Only one-quarter cash, balance. 1.2. 3 years.
PRICES RAISED JANUARY 1. 1905.
Get mao and make selection* at once.
Take electric car» at Lorin station. -
PROCRASTINATION "is THE THIEF OF
OPPORTUNITY.
JOS. J. MASON.
Office at the park or Berkeley station.
San Francisco office. 421 California st.
CHENEY & CO
RL'AL ESTATE INSURANCE.
WE BUY. SELL AND EXCHANGE;
WILL BUILD YOU A HOME /
ON SMALL PAYMENT DOWN.
BALANCE SAME AS RENT
FACTORY SITES IN WEST
BERKELEY. WITH TRACK
FACILITIES.
A FEW CHOICE BARGAINS
IN LOTS.
CHENEY & CO.. :V,v-'
TEMPORARY QUARTERS AT ROOM 12.
UNIVERSITY PAVINGS BANK BLDG.
■CHENEY & CO..
$1600 — I r.; modern; paved street: near cars.
$2250—5 r.; nearly new; near station.
$3tio0 — 7 r. ; modern; fine location; near In.
$4200 — S r. ; modern; sightly situation; near
station.
$4350 — S r. ; new; nice: sunny; fine views.
$4500 — 0 r. ; nice; fine location; near In.
$6000 — 9 r. ; modern: very nice; choice loca-
tion.
Good lots on paved streets in various part-
of town at prices all the way from $350 to
$5000. . • .
LYMAN ALLEN. 2129. Center st.
READ THESE SPECIAL BARGAINS.
XMAS OFFERINGS.
For sale— Swell little home in North Berke-
ley; house of 0 rooms: lot 50x135; price $2C00;
two hundred cash, balance $25 per month.
BEST BARGAIN IN BERKELEY.
New shingle house of 8 rooms, east of the
track; beautiful marine view; owner must
raise some money before January 1. price $3750.
BEAUTIFUL HOME.
House of 0 rooms; lot 50x135; east of the
track; price for a few days only. $2C5O.
Also other bargains in houses and lots all
over town.
J. P. HALE.
2515 Shattuck ave.
,*/ 1511 Shattuck ave.
Phone Mason 2102. Berkeley. .X* v
4 ACRES adjoining the University grounds on '
the east, graded road to land; living water
on it; price. $2000.
$1500 — Large lot, 52x140. Berry-Bangs
tract, near Derby st. and Telegraph ave.;
fine for home or Investment.
$3000 — S-rcom house on Benvenne ave.,
south of Ashby ave.
$3100 — 6-rcom house en Oxford st.
$3i5n — H-room house on Hearst ave.
$3500 — 6-rcom house on Dana st.
$400 — S-rcom house on Benvenue, near
Parker.
Small houses In Daley ""Scenic Park tract.
3 blocks of University grounds; magnificent
marine view.; just the place for students at-
' tending the Unjyerslty; price. $000; easy
terms.
These are all good houses save the last
named and will pay 10 per cent on money
Invested. R. A. BERRY & CO..
■ • Postofflce block. Berkeley.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$27CO — New B-room house; In fine location;
street work, sidewalk and fences all In; this
is a snap. v - y ■ . : * -
$3500— 6-room house, nicely tinted walls. '
good hardware, electric lights, fuel gas; every-
thing abcut it Is complete; a bargain.
Are you interested In lots? If so. we have a
corner on macadamized street for $675: inside
lots for $450; street work done; others for
from $650 to $3000; . flno locations": we have
many bargeins in. houses and lots ranging- from
! $2000 upward; please give us a call and be
convinced.
F. H. LAWTON & CO.,
Phone Derby 1192, 2147 Center st.
ANTICIPATE THE SPRING RUSH.
$25(iO — Handsome new 0-room house; mod-
ern; gas; porcelain tubs: every room tinted;
large lot; all street work done: delightful view;
close to Key Route station; $300 cash, balance
$20 per month.
This is a sample: I have other new and up-
to-date 5 and li room cottages within 3 blocks
of Key Route and S. P. stations for about tbe
price above quoted.
Easy terms on all of them.
C. C. EMSLJE. Real Estate, Ashby, station.
$700 FOR large lots, beautifully located on
the Alcatraz and College ave. car line; com-
manding a grand .view of the Golden Gate:
street work and sidewalks at expense of
seller; terms one- fifth cash, balance $13 per
month: lots 40x135: 50-foot lots. $U0O; secure
one; there is no better Investment in Berke-
ley or Oakland.-
HEDEMARK & JACK CO.. j
3217 Adeline at., Lorin-Berkeley.
City office, 11 Mongomery st.
ARTISTIC, modern, new .house of 15 rooms,
with stable: In best, residence district of
Berkeley; size of lot $5x130 feet; must be
sold- offer wanted. For particulars apply to
1 VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 Cal-
ifornia st.
j_ . ■
$750 FOR a large building lot, near Key route.
In Santa Ke tract, Berkeley: 30 minutes from
San Francisco; easy monthly payments;
street work completed; good locality. HOL-
COMB. BREED & BANCROFT. lOCO Broad-
way, Oakland.
HOPKINS TERRACE.
. ■
1 This beautiful tract. 000 feet elevation, more
. than half sold: 00-foot lots for sale from $500
i upward; beautiful view; easy terms; all street
■work done; map and prices to be had from
JOS. J. MASON.
SE. cor. Center st. and Shattuck ave.. Berke-
ley, or 421 California St.. S. F.
I $2750 — 9-r. house; new. modern; improved
street:, snap. $20C0 — 7-r. house: barn, etc,
and other bargains in good locations. Lots
\ &'M. Open Sundays. D. R. RUTHERFORD.
I Notary Publtc. Lorin. South Berkeley.
S. B. KENFIELD & CO..
REAL ESTATE.
SEE OUR LIST.
2113 SHATTUCK AVE..
* TERMINUS KEY ROUTE.
« ROOMS: modern; lot 40x73;. fine location In
. South Bsrkeley: 4 blocks from Key route:
■ $2000; $200 cash, balance like rent.
W. . N. RUSSELL.
301 California st., San Francisco. Cal. '
BEBZEIEY HOTTSE3 TO LET.
$25— NEW, modern 7-room 2-story house ; 3
blocks from station: SO.minutea from city.
LANDREGAN. Golden Gate statrSn, or 435
Battery st.
FRUITVALE ADVEBT'STS
rgtTITVA— E SEAL ESTATE.
i h A PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal.
$700— Cosy cottage of 4 rooms and bath: lot
35x115; ,1 block from . car line; thU is
a- trreat -opportunity.--.- .-.
$975 — Neat cottage of 4 roomy. . closet, pantry,
etc.: barn: fruit treos, berries; lot 50x
108: 2 blocks from .car line; $130-dowu
. balance, $11 W) per month.
$10C0 — New cottage of 3 large rooms; lot
56x250 having 2 frontages; handy to cars-
sniall sum down, balance less than rent.
SIGoO — Brand - ne— ' cottage of 4 rooms bath
hall and basement, etc. : all modern in
every particular; lot 50x125. on macadam-
I Ized "street, near school and. .postofflce:
J $2C0 down,- balance easy payment*.- 1
' $1350 — Modern cottage of 4 rooms*, basement
i bath. etc. ;" fruit trees, chicken houses; lot
' ::7:exlO5; only 4 blocks from FruUvale
; station -.easy terms- j *m_aSHns_^B
$22C0 — A grand home of 5 rooms: new and
modern; fine reception hall: brick mantel -
porcelain . bath; lot: 53x150: 1- block from
- car line, and In best part of Fruitvale.
$2100— Modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath
and half acre of good soil: barn, chicken-
houses; fruit .trees; terms to suit; will
also exchange. _»H~MB|
$2000— New and - mcdern " cottage of 5 rooms,
hall.' bath and high basement: lot Bt
125: - only - 4 blocks ■ from • local station -
tert*s very easy.
$1850 — Modern 5-room " cottage. Just completed:
hall. bath, basement, porch: magnificent
view; .fruit ;tree«: -nice and/dry location;
lot ! 50xl44; a big bargain.
Three acres orchard in a choice location;
(CCO ocr half acre. --= 4EBMMM0 /pMJBPBj
Also 1 00 lots* at $75 per lot ana upward.
. H. -A. PLEITNER. ;Fruttval«. Station. CaL
FKUITVALE ADVT'SITXTS
rKtrrrv a zji bsal estate. _,
CHAS. F. LEE. . Pbone Vale 29G.
Office one-half blotk from Ftultvale station.
*200 cash — 2-reum cottage, unrtnlafaed; city
fc tcrj _"sOst to ksx t% _ t tii.\ school * ox_ \\\ £•■
ground: b»autlful view; lot 45 fett fronrage;
price, a^l told. «45O.
itlfW — X«w cctta^o of 3 rooms: stable, wagon
shed; chkken-houses and yards; graveled
walks; nice gardon; beautiful lot, J frunrages.
C0x?SO; close to care.
!'-•'" — Xlce rustic cottage of 4 large rooms;
Far.tr>-, butterj': all sewered: chlcken-houscs
end yard3 ir.i :•..■•• <1 in wire fence; nice garJen:
lruit trees and flowers In abundance; t-U»* tu
street cai- and school, lot 33x204: nice creek
flows through prv-perty; large khade trees.
$115C — Neat. 4-rocm. hlgh-baaement cottas»;
all nicely fenced; cood schools, churches and
postoffice close by; property SOxllO.
OXLT $'JCt> cash— Beautiful home of 3 lame
rooms; fine rcceo:iou halt: bath, porcelain tub;
patent toilet: larre uantrr: choice location:
nnts view; car lines 1 block away: fine »cnoo»
and t-hurch close by; trice, all told. »_W); lot
f-'S."^) — Eeantlful 5-room bungalow, all ele-
gantly panel-rd and decorated: handsome art
mantel: elegant bath; larze S-story barn: car-
rlage-houst; chicken-houses: over acre of
ground: el?ctr;c ears pass the door: nestles at
the base of tit* foothills; protected from the
high winds: close to the main county boule-
vard, whlih makes this very desirable prop-
erty; grammar school and postofflce near by;
terms can be given with small cash payment
down: all Improvements brand new.
$nGO cash — Beautiful home of 4 Urgs rooms:
high basement: concrete, foundation; fine well
of water; all set out in small fruits: will maks
a fine chicken ranch; no cold fogs or heavy
winds; n-stles at the base of the foothills;
street cars, school, church and posiofSea closo
by; fine randy soil: nearly 1 acre of ground;
price, all told. $2C00; THIS IS A SNAP.
"WILL, SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD
TO17 A HOMB ON EASY MONTHLY
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee tract: fln*
soil; grand view: new homes rapidly going up:
no coM winds or wet fogs, and lots only $73
each: $5 down, balance $'J 50 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1_3 Frultvale ave.
SNETSINGER & MATTESON.
1214 Fruitvale ave., Fruitvale. Cat
Phone Brook 632.
$1100— 5-room cottage; lot 80x122: near •tee-
trlc cars anj school: trees, berries. Cow.
ers, etc.
$1200 — 9-rcoxa house; lot 4_141; fine location;
wtll; terms.
$14CO — l-room cottage; lot 35x113: fcalf block
from- else, cars; 1 block from new boule-
vard: SCO cash, balance as rent.
i SICOO — l-room cottage: lot 10Cxl20; corner; on«
; block from elec. cars; near school.
$2000 — 5-rcnm cottage; lVj blocks from sta-
tion; goo-J siifHl lot: high ba.ttment; bath:
•fas; el*c. ; city water; sewer; $1(X> Cowu.
balance as rent.
$1650— 4-rcom cofta«: new; lot 50x123; flno
location, near school.
fl'JOO — J-room cottase; lot 50x120: high base-
ment; chicken-houses; fruit, lierries, flow-
ers: near car lines and school: short dis-
tance from station: own*r 1-avln; and
must sell; a gonulr.c bargain.
$22C0 — 5-rc-om cottage; lot 50x125; 1 block from
elec. cars: east front: good location; fruit
tries; .sacrificed to close an estate.
52C0O — 3-rcom cottage: let 30x120; 1 block from
car line; excellent location; reasonable
terms.
,«$2S0O — 6-rcom bungalow: corner lot. 3Oxt23:
Mission style throughout; shades. nxtur«J.
• floor coverings: near school and elec. cat*:
e4evated location In warm belt; sacrificed
on account cf misfortune of former buyer;
easy terms to resoonsible people.
SNETSINGER & MATTESON,
1214 Frultvale ave., Frultvale, Cal.
H. BARKMETER. 12U8 Frultvale ave., Frult-
vale. Cal. Tel. Brook 1721.
$75O — House of J rooms: high basement: lot
5uxl_. macadamized street; one block
from school and car line; 5 short blocks
from Fruitvale station; $10o cash, balance
t'J t>er month.
51000 — flOQ cash, balance $11 per month: ele-
gant hous^ oi 5 roc ma; tine mantel and
fireplace; corner lot. 50xlm>: 4 blucks from
car line; worth investigating.
$1200 — Completely and cozlly furnished cottags
of 3 rooms: lot 5ux2t!5; all fenced and
cress fenced; :i dozen chickens and pig-
eons; chicken-houses; small fruit trees,
berries and flowers; 2 blocks from car
line: In walking distance to local train.
J240O — Small chicken ranch; about 1 J acre of
fine land, fronting on 2 streets; house of
« rooms, pantry, etc. : 2-story barn, cow
stable. 5 chicken and duck houses; all
fenced off in runs; good well and pump:
in upper Frultvale, 4 blocks from Fruit-
vale ave. USSS3
$2100 — An excellent Investment on Frultval*
ave.. Vi block from Fruitvale station: 2-
story building containing two modern flats
of 5 rooms and bath; rented for $24 per
month to good steady tenants; will net
about ft per cent interest en your Invest-
ment: this Is a rare opportunity; owner Is
anxious to sell.
! $CtXK> — Reduced from $."!50O: 4VS acres of good
land, mostly In bearing orchard: cottaga
of 5 rooms, pantry and closets, barn and
chicken-houses, brooder-house, incubator,
etc.; extra good well of water, windmill
and large tank; situated in the warm belt
In Upper Frultvale; 15 minutes' walk to.
electric car line; terms very reasonable;
this I." a bargain vand speculation. s
For particulars apply to
HENRY BARKMF.YKR. 120<S Frultvale &v».,
Frultval*.
. ________ .
1320 Frultvale ave. Phone Val» 290.
|5G0 — Blacksmith shop; fine location; elos« ,
to the local train; pays $230 per month;
good one-man stand. '
$1650— $250 cash, balance easy payments; new
house. 5 rooms and bath, pantry and high
basement; close to cars and local; lot
50x146.
$1650 — New house of 4 rooms; clos* to local;
first-class location.
If you have a lot partly paid for or If ytm
have part of the money to pay for a lot and
would like to start tr> build.
COME AND SEE VS.'
We have the plans or will draw them to rait
you and will build you a house, pay the bal-
ance on your lot and furnish the money to
build with - and let you pay It back In easy-
monthly payments. •
FOR RENT OR FOR SALE. .
One. acre and 4-room house, close to eleetr!»
cars; rent $13 per month: sale price $23O&
M. C. GIBSON.
(Pbone Vale 290). I
1326 Frultvale ave., close to East 14tll st.
Open evenings and Sundays.
VT. E. RUDELL.
Real Estate and Insurance.
Corner Frultvale ave. 1 and Washington st.
$12C0 — House of 3 rooms, barn, chicken*
houses and yard; A block* from car line. 19
minutes' walk from station; lot 30x250; terms
If desired: this Is a snap.
$900 — House of 5 rooms: chicken and pigeon
houses, flowers, etc.; lot 100x100; near caur_,
$&0 — Part cash: lot 50x110; location can't
be beat: close to school and depot; street Im-
provement* all finished.
$650 — $400 cash: house of S rooms: la good
location: lot 35x125: 10 minute*' walk to da-
pot: dose to car line.
$750— House of 3 rooms and bath; city wa-
ter: small barn: 2 blocks from 14th-«t. car
line: terms If desired.
$2500— House of 8 rooms and bath; lanro sta-
ble, chicken houses and runs; good well with
force pump: fruit trees, berry bushes and -vege-
tables: corner lot: 133x143; 2 blocks from car
line; reasonable terms.
W. E. RUDDELL, Fruitval* are., yroltrala,
SPECIAL. ""
FOR THIRTY DATS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LIJJDA PARK.
The terminus of 3- cent fare. Haywards ears!
streets graded and graveled: stone sidewalks;
depot on tract: lots from $30 to $200; $20 cash
aud balance $10 per month: 13 blocks to local
train- best located property on San Leandro
road-' graded school on tract. Apply to 8. 3.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
JUDSON'S subdivision on Frultrale are.; five
minutes' walk to station; lots 50x143 at a
bargain • terms to suit. For particulars call
at JUDSON & CO.'S. 1318 Frultval* are..
Fruitvale. ■
$05O— CUT from $750 to make quick sale:
choice lot. 60x163; in frnlt: half block oft
FruitvalK ave.: nice homes all around: worth
$3w>:easV terms. BEI__t*. 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
IN buy ins a borne b« rare to select a healthy
'locality such a Place Is upper FroitTale.
situated in the hills; Sccarfar* from Oak-
land- 15c fare to San Francisco. J. W1L-
Ttl'R* <- CO.. Dlmond. Alameda Cotmty.
OAiaAyPAPVEKT'S'M'Ti
OFFICE. 101« BROADWAY.
OA—IAKP USA— E3TATB.
s-a ca^H 51 30 monthly: nne, high and dry
hits "5xlW>; only a limited number left:
here's the chance of a lifetime; 100x100 will
cost but $200 or $30 rer lot: grand vl«— of
mountains, valley. and bay: away from fogs
and raw winds: near electric cars: fln»
school aad In a building-up locality, adjotn-
ln East Oakland: sandy loam soil. Call or
send for circular. - 455 Seventh St.. opposite
• Broadway station. Oakland. Carriage free.
H. Z. JONE3. owner.
For Additional Classified AdYcrt_e-
. .menta See Pace 60.
5960
ADVEnrsggrs j
OAXX.ASTD SEAL ESTATE.
TATLOH li'.'.'.o:. i: CO..
r.e*I Ertrte. Ir.suresc- tnj i'.n-r.w.i! AS«-S.
Teicjhone Cedar 351. IZSi Urcad*'3y./3*kUnd. j
f l.ttP— Exc»!'ent litUe ccttase cf 3 toorr.?: j
lZcrt OaklanJ. Cat; ciuee to car jins
find school*. 1CS3
EXCELLENT COTTAGE.
• il _ v — A «lar.dy cottssf. hanr'.zomely dec-
orated throughout: hardwood mantels:
everjtHr.s complete; email ca*h Jisy-
nient b*:ar:ce- to cult: near new Key
rc-ute' trains; Jot o":till5 feet ■ 17v4
GOOD INVESTMENT.
J2.4OO-- Flats In I-*ke Morrttt District; owner
r* 1 *:^-* in loucr f-st and rents upper tor
$:s 1 .r:ncrth_Thi 3 i s v e rych,. P: iai a
BUNGALOW COTTAGE.
IZ .CCO — A dandy, up-to-dstf. little homo; fl
roon;s. combination fixtures. sei»er and
rtreet work comjiJ-te; lot o7:0x!15 feet:
two blocks of r.fw Key route; *1«W
' cash tilanc? arrarx^d to suit. 1C33
MUST BE SOWD.
fS,CO>— A fcindscTTU* 7-ro-m UweUinr; very
attractive and m?-<l?ra in every respect: 1
c»>mbin3ticn fixtures; best of open J
pJumbing; fine Isrse bathroora; situated ;
in or.e of the choii/est locations in Oak- i
l«r.<l; 27;h et., near Telegraph ave. J
This nrice hi* actually been reduced j
$10<A Owner In the Eaft acJ wires us j
to get offer. l ai3
NONE BETTER FOR THE MONET.
j^OuO— TcJtet this ftr.e colonial dwelling;
double msntel*, modern throughout: !
electric light* : within tr» blocks . of j
Produce Exrhar.ge Market: ground .
-lalues here $100 iwr frost foo'_ ;
CfVESTMEXT. ;
f 12.RW— I»t 105x150 fe«t, vrith'.n three blocks <
cf J4th and Uroodwsy; a 17-room resi-
dence thereon. In perfect condition; nod- \
«te i- every rerp^ct and is now renting J
for $*a per month. Present t?rant wlil- j
ing to --j.t~ 5 rearT" lease ani pay ad- '
diUcsa.1 rent for roonie aZded. There !
s.re U0 feet of BT«SUbl« building ground
adjoining the house which could be im- j
proved and in worth at least $100 per I
frost foot This rrop^nr is surrounded '
by the flsewt bcrae% In Oaklana and rep- |
resents a cost of over $23,009.
rNVESTifENT 14 PEn CENT.
INVESTMENT 14 PER CENT. I
;7«00 — Four ne« flats, recently built: lighted 1
by electricity throughout; gas for fuel j
use: fire rr.arte'.F; elegantly finished and |
decorated; re;:tir.g for $10SO per anr.urr.. :
<~fcange of resiserce forces owner to s*!l. I
These fists are close in. 1C38 j
RARE IN"VEf?TMENT.
S10.2S0 — Four flat flats, can-iprlring 30 rooms. !
xria:in 5 raisutes' walk of City Ka'l: ;
all are occupied artd are now briucirg j
in an income at $1IKX> per annum. This ;
property is situated in a progressive 1
luslac&s locality and ground alone is I
worth the price. We invite inspection. |
•we are exclusive agents for i
bon.e"»'ard heights. tuxedo park. !
lakk view terr-\cb and have a j
nvmber of choice residence lots
left in heartiftl peralta heights. |
with marine view. only one to
three blocks to the fourth ave. !
ket route. 40 minutes' service to
san francisco. special induce-
ments as to terms and plans fur j
n;sheu for building to suit pur-
OM?ERS.
WRITE TO US FOR OUR BULLETIN AND !
ILLUSTRATED LITERATURE OF OUR
SPECL1LS AND OAKLAND IN GENERAL.
TATL1H BROS i CO..
:2T»« BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
tO THIS
Take Use Piedsicnt avenue car; ■ get off at
Vernal and Oakland avenues; walk <So»n Oak-
land avraur one block to Bonita avenue, and
■■n the southeast corner, opposite the hand- I
torn* residence cf Beach Soule. you will find I
•i let surrounded by an evergreen hedge, from j
this lot you will «ee one. of the grandest marine ■
v!fw» in the world. Tfc« lot Is 35 minutes from i
£an Francisco, and the price lew than property j
m same neighborhood. This lot will be sold i
ss a whole or In subdivisions. SO MUCH
FOR THE LOT.
Want to secure a portion cf sll this
fromeire at rrtce* charged for property half
as r»:h1. call on me.it my offices. Rooms 62-
€3 B&con Building.
WATCH THESE COLUMNS
FOR MY ADS
A 6 I WILL OFFER
FiEAUTIFUL HOMES
AT EXCEPTIONALLY
LOW PRICES.
"KARL H. NICKEL.
ROOMS «2-63,
BACON BLOCK,
OAKLAND.
. .
WHERE TO INVEST TO HJlKE MONEY.
IE THE QUESTION*.
WE ALL KNOW THAT TIME SAVED
IS MONEY GAINED. ■;•"--• -^
The Key Route electric train and ferry
makes th« trip from Fortieth street and Tele-
graph avenue In 30 minutes. The fare for the
round trip is only three dollars per month;
single tar* only ten cents.
We have a variety cf lots within walking
distance cf the station; terms and prioe* to
suit; caU and you win be convinced.
RICHARD J. MONTGOMERY,
Real Estate Owner and Dealer,
K«r Route station. Fortieth st and Tele-
graph ave., Ontral Oakland.
DR. MXRRTTT ESTATE PROPERTY TOR
- . SALS.
We have been appotnted exclusive agents by
ths trustees of the Samuel Merrltt Hospital for
ths saJe of all the property belonging to the
said hospital and fronting on Jackson, Madi-
son. Oak, Twelfth and Thirteenth sts., Includ-
ing "The Willowe," oa Oak et, extending back
to LsJce Merrltt recently under option to the
City of Oakland for park purposes; also the
Merrttt homestead.
W« have both improved and unimproved
properties to offer; most desirable residence
properties In Oakland.
FOR PARTICULARS CALL AND SEE 'US.
■ • J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1052 Broadway.
WALTER E. LOGAN & CO.,
- 100S Broadway, Oakland.
C2000— 25x110; cottag*. 6 rooms and bath;
hlfh basement laundry, etc; convenient
to call of railroad.
(4000 — 43x133; S rooms and bath; - rents $40
month: walking distance City Hall and
narrow gauge..
J1B00— 45x100; SW. cor. 27th and West sts.;
szjip. Mnrnt
1*000—45x100; 9 rooms and bath; high base-
ment: brick foundation; house partly fur-
nished.
rin shares Plerc* Hardware Company; cost
tiOO; owner will discount It $25.
1*000 — e0xK«>; 2-story house, 8 rooms and
bath.; room oa the corner to build store
and flat: near San Pablo ave.; splendid
prospective property.
WALTER E. LOGAN & CO.,
. IOCS Broadway. Oakland.. -
CLEARANCE BALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
Ws have been exclusively euthorired to sell
tin easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
ender foreclosure of mortgags.
W« win sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If. you wmnt
a. bargain call or write us for particulars
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
10S2 Broadway.
$2*X> DOWN and balance like rent will place
you In possession of a beautiful new 5-room
cottage, porcelain bath snd modern through-
out; lot 60x105; closo to street cars. Key
Route or schools; price $2000. -
E. J. STEWART.
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
— — . — _ .
TEH per cent net' Income, payable monthly
In advance. :
Strictly modern 2-story bull&Ing on northeast
corner, 1 block from San Pablo ave. and few
minutes to City Hall; a good bond Invest-
ment; tltln guaranteed.
HARRY L. HOLCOMD. . ,
314 San Pablo ave., Oakland, Cal.
CITEAP for cash — Fine Orove-st comer; 45x
130. Apply 7J1 Fifty-ninth -«t, ''Oakland.
OAKLAND ; AD^SM^TS/l
'; * :-: V OltlAliD SEAL ESTATE. j
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
400-402 fcih St.. Cakland, Cal.
WATCH I'S GROW.
Population cf OaklanJ. Cal.
IS30 ..:.... --'.. 4S.632
iyt*) w.&rn
j . XMKl S2.674
19O4 (new directory) 106,CeS
, ■ . - -
LAYMAXCE REAL ESTATE CO..
iOQ-iCl EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND. .
- $S000. * _-' r \. -'■■
Flr.# resilience; 7 sunny rooms; corner. IOOx
123: b*m;- lively view; one of Linda Vista's
ihoiccft corners; flOCy sacrifice of a choice.
Increasing value property. .-■.■;
' ■ . ' . .■ S7**r»o
Extra choice corner rislde-ice in the heart of
the-cUy;-S rooms: bath; 5 minutes' walk to
banking center; never occupied.
~$t7co7
Handsome modem new 2-story house; S rooms:
bath, icmficc; -Lekesld* district, near busi-
ness ctTU^r; meet be sold.
$0000.
: Elegant reBidence: 7 lsrge sunny roonis; steam
heater: hardwood floors; £0x120; Vcruon
Heishts.
$5000.
I Pair nrvr modem flats, 5 rooms each; rents
I $50; near -Telerrarh and 27th sts. ■
! Stcre and Cat;- good business corner en prom-
inent street; Income $43 50. \. "" •'
: $1000.
1 Choice residence. S rooms, bath; 40x156; one
, of the best residence sections, near Telegraph
ave.; clcse In; owner urging sale; fine home
F&criflce. ;".- •
$5S00.
Six tenements and cottage; 75 ft. railroad cor-
ner; Income 567 50; owner leaving; Al sj>te-
ulation.
$4000. >•,:»'
{ Fine modem colonial; 8 rooms: sunny expo-,
1 suk; select neighborhood; near 31st and
Grove.
$3500.
! Modern Swiss colonial; 7 rocms. bath: base-
ment: newly tinted; 2 toilets; bam; 103x130;
one block from upper Frultvale -ave. ;• bar-
gain.
VILLA SITES.
A grandly situated property; charming hill.
glen and marine view; 4 lots. lOOx-00 each;
! conMguous to four f 20. 000 to $40,000 homes;
: orv» residence site just sold; only 35 minutes
: to S. F. ; must be seen to be appreciated.
■ Fine new Swiss colonial home. 6 rooms, bath:
37 ft. ?rontar<?: street work complete; $50O
cub; Linda Vista; this is a dandy for the
money. .
i Very attractive hotr.->. Queen A me style; six
roo:rs. bath; picked lumb;-r; nicely arranged;
?.SxlO3; near . Telegraph ave ar.d Key routi
fen-ice.
.$2600.
Modern .. cottare. .6. rooms, bath: .basement;
combination fixtures: 3S:6xl2u; street com-
plete; 5 "■'.'} cash; near 35th and West st*.
$2250.' - ' .
Modern l s «-story Queen Anne cottage; six
rooms, bath; nearly new; electric lights: flna
sunny lot 50x150: near 11th ave.. East. Oak-
land; reduced from $3000; bargain; be quick.
QUI«?K SALE DEMANDED.
$600— Fine West st.^lot north of 40th st; 50
ft. frontage; owner must selL . . .
$2000. * r
Good 2-story; S rooms, bath; Klrkham st. cor-
ner. 32x106; easy terms.
$1850.
ilodem cottage, 5 rooms, bath; basement; cor-
ner, 30x140; rents $17 50; near locals.
$1650.
I Neat cottage. 5 rooms.' bath: basement; lot S3x
111; near ISth and Adeline.
$1700.
i New cot tag*. 4 rooms, bath; basement; up-to-
date; $300 casU. balance as rent; Frultvale.
$1700. '
Modern cottage. 5 rooms, bath; basement: near
locals; $300 cash, balance bank mortgage of
$1400. •y-* a i- :
Neat cottage. 4 rooms; basement; street work
comrlete,; near Key route.
$1250.
House, 7 rooms: 75 ft. frontage; barn; chicken-
housce ; near San Fa bio ave. ; easy terms.
,. A LOT BARGAIN.
$300— Elevated lot, 75xl25w glen view; street
macadamized; rapid transit service; owner
demands immediate sale; see this.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
■460-462 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
■ -E. J. STEWART * CO..
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
WE HAVE ON HAND AT PRESENT VERY
DESIRABLE PROPERTIES, BOTH IM-
PROVED AND UNIMPROVED, IN DIF-
FERENT PARTS OF OAKLAND AND
BERKELEY. SPECIAL ATTENTION
. GIVEN TO OUR SALES DEPARTMENT.
f3600 — Snap; -fine Investment; -two flats of 4
and tS rooms, respectively, and cottage,
all in flrst-class order and modern in
every respect: within two blocks of 7th-
r*. local train to S. F. ; In fine neighbor-
hood: close to churches and schools;
street macadamized and concrete walks;
rents continually for $43 per month; see-
th)5 et once; exclusive agents. .
$20010 — A beautiful home of 6 large sunny
i rooms, bath and all modern conveniences;
nearly new; good location: -stable; large
-'"—lot: street work -and concrete "walks.
$2000 — Best' Income . property in - Oakland for
the money; two flats renting for $25 per
month: always rented; cement founda-
tion: fine basement; street work, side-
walks complete; a pick-up.
I $1650 — Foreclosure sale; beautiful 5-room
house, with high basement; brick founda-
tion;- fcath; stationary tubs; hot and cold
water: lot 60x180; barn; chicken-houses;
berry bushes: fruit trees;'thls property is
located within one block of-S. F. trains
and car lines In one of . the choicest lo-
cations in Oakland: owner is obliged -to
sell this property this week on account
of mortgage.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. "-
. . -V- READ THIS
12 to 15 per cent Investment property; 2 new
all modern flats of 12 rooms, 6 each, bath and'
lot 38x112; central, to business ; rents $57 50
month; price. $4000; also 2 fiats, 10 rooms,
with cottage in rear; rents $43 50 month; price
I3C00: a snap; owner must ha\-« money: 4
new all modern flats of 22 rooms and lot 50x
100: rents $96 month: price $9500: also several
others which we have photographs of at the-
office of THB ALDEN CO., 1233 Broadway,
Oakland.
$8000— We have also for sale or exchange
60-acre ranch. in raisins, grapes, peaches, figs
almonds, etc Also 20 acres In alfalfa and
pasture.: good Improvements; house, barn and
fine driveways to town;- a typical and good
paying place; owner's ill health and a«r» cause
of sale. - We have also 87 acres, all- Improved
except buildings, well located, between Loa
Gatos and San Jose, 2*4 miles: $150 per acre.
Call on or address THE ALDEN CO.. 12S3
Broadway. Oakland. •
BELDEN* S BARGAINS. '
$667— Will buy lot S3:4xll5 on . Edwards
st. bet Telegraph ave. and Broadway.
$1100— Reduced; choice building lot 32 -6x
112: north side 34th st. Just off Telegraph ave
$1150— Beautiful high lot on Vernon st •
Vernon Heights; 40x132; superb view: nice
homes. * • • • —
$27 50 per foot; chance for speculators; 110
feet on Orange st. opposite Senator Perkins.
H600— Lot 50x129 on 22d - st. .bet Grove et
and Tclerraph ave..
$450— Cheap lot on 2Sth st, near San Pablo
ave.. 25x100. * .
-.,•,■;• BELDEN, Real Estat*.
. 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
WE have an', elegant and thoroughly well
built S-room dwelling, with every conveni- '
jence which modern architecture can suggest I
occupying a large lot. located In -the most !
desirable part of Oakland; absolutely new-
for. sale within, the means- of any, -thrifty '
farcllr; ■ very low price. Call on or address
ROBERT P. DEY. 836 23d st. Oakland. Cal!
FOR sale— $S75; on Peralta Heights' East'
.Oakland:. choice lot sunny, southern expos- '
"ure; sidewalk and street work complete; con-
vergent to lake and boulevard ' and only 2
blocks to new Key Route car line. I
-. B. H.WELCH A CO., ,
. . Fifth avs. and East: 18th st, Oakland. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -^SUNDAY, DECEMBER IS, 1904.
OAKLAND ADyERT'S ; 3I ; TS
OAKLAHD KEAZ. ESTATE.
£. K. DODGE & SON.
1100 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
21S1 CENTER £T.. BERKELEY. .
MAKE TOITRSELF A.CHRISTMAS PRES-
ENT OF -A HOME.
•WE HAVE OPENED- OUR BERKELEY
BRANCH OFFICE FOR THE SALE OF A
SPECIAL LIST OF BERKELEY PROPER-
TIES, or WHICH WE ARE THE EX-
CLUSIVE AGENTS, AND WE ARE SELL-
ING LOTS AT A GREAT BARGAIN
WITHIN EASY WALKING DISTANCE
OF THE UNIVERSITY AND CLOSE TO
ALL THE CAR LINES.
WE CALL ESPECIAL ATTENTION TO
■ OUR BUILDING LOTS AT DWIGHT-WAY
STATION. SELLING AT FROM fSOO
tITP. THESE LOTS ARE LOCATED ON
t-HATTUCK AVE.. FULTON AND ELLS-
WORTH STS.. WHERE THESE STREETS
ARE CROSSED BY WARD AND DERBY
STS.: LOTS 44 FT. OR 50 FT. FRONTAGE
ON THE NORTH OR SOUTH. EAST OR
1-WEST b'IDi; OF* ABOVE STREETS.
CALL OR WRITE FOR .MAP OF TRACT.
THREE NEW HOUSES GOING UP IM-
MEDIATELY ON THESE LOTS.
We have some sylendld lets In Piedmont,
snd they are selling very fast; 18 new houses
. are gain? up on this tract, and they are all
- One oner. Th* view takes in the bay an.l I
mountatns. the valleys ami the cities of Ala- !
meda. Oakland and San Francisco. Nothing [
finer ar.rwhere. .--.;»•■; >
AMONG THE FINE BARGAINS IN OAK-
LAND ARE THE FOLLOWING, JUST AS
SAMPLES: »
$".600 — A very nic« C-room cottace on lot
31x100: rented at $22 5a
$1,800 — To close an estate; 7 rooms and bath.
. . .- on lot 50x150.
$2,100 — 5 rooms and bath: modern: dose by
street car; in a growing neighborhood;
' rented to a good tenant, at $17 50 per
month.
$2.500 — 7 rooms and bath and barn; lot
40x100. • ''{•'Aft ■- '--■ . . ■
?n,000— ELEGANT FURNISHED HOME;
Colonial Etyle: very attractive; has fur-
• nacea connected with every room; Illumin-
ating and fuel gas; hot and cold water
• ■ - up stairs and down; well lighted by elec-
tricity and gas; sunny exposure; on a
large lot; carpets and heavy furniture go
v.'ith the house; possession, given imme-
diately: this Is a genuine bargain.
. REALTY SYNDICATE CERTIFICATES
TAKEN AT PAR. GOOD AS GOLD.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
- Thsee very fine lots in' Berkeley for Just
enough to pay mortgage foreclosure and
costs. See our signs corner of Deakln and
Woolser sts.
WE OFFER A FINE BLOCK FOR SUB-
DIVISION NEAR THE KEY ROUTE STA-
TION AT A PRICK LEAVING A LARGE
MARGIN FOR THE PURCHASER. TO
SEE THIS IS TO BUY IT, IF YOU ARE
IN A POSITION TO HANDLE THAT KIND
OF PROPERTY.
We have several good bargains which we
are. not permitted to bill, but will gladly
tBhow you if you desire profitable Investments.
See' our signs In Berkeley. Oakland. Ala-
raeda. Frultvale and elsewhere and then
1160 Broadway. Oakland.
. . 2131 Center st, Berkeley.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
ELROD & HULL.
IT WOULD TAKE A PRETTY LARGE
STOCKING TO HOLD A HOUSE AND LOT.
BUT ANY OLD SIZE WILL HOLD A DEED
TO ONE. MAKE YOURSELF AND FAMILY
A PRESENT OF A HOME— IT IS THE TIME
OF THE YEAR FOR JUST 8UCH A PRES-
ENT AND NOTHING IS MORE SUBSTAN-
, TIAL AND APPROPRIATE- TO THE SEA-
SON. WE HAVE A NUMBER OF NICE
PLACES THAT ARE ALL READY TO BE
KNOCKED OFF THE CHRISTMAS TREE.
ARE YOU PREPARED TO CATCH ONE OF
THEM?
No. P3 — $1750— 3-room house with high base-
ment: Just fichshed: lot 60x115; near good
school; 6-cent fa:e; close to San Leandro road;
$7.*i0 cash, balance on time.
No. 34 — $3500 — 5-room cottage: high base-
ment: bath, hall and laundry: lot 41x138; a
3Sth st. corner; 3 mln. to Key route; $1000
cash.
No. 33 — $3500 — New 2-story house: colonial;
C rooms, bath, pantry, closets, etc.; street
work all done; near Lorin; close to cars; will
also rent this place for $25 a month; should
be seen.
No. 21— $2S50— Reduced from $3500; a real
bargain in Elmhurst; 2 stories; 8 rooms, bath;
hot and cold water: windmill and tank; chick-
en-houses and yards; barn; . fruit trees, etc.;
lot 57x280: beautiful home.
- - No. 4 — $4400 — A new modern 2-story house of
9 rooms, with all the modern conveniences; lot
35x140; close In: SCth st: It may be. a little
high for some, but It Is good.
• No. 4 — $7000 — 2 new flats of 6 large rooms,
fcath, pantry; closets, etc., each; lot 37x144;
now. rents for $70 a month; close in,' near Tele-
graph ave. ; a home as well as an Invest-
ment
Of course we have cheaper places and also
more expensive ones, which we shall be pleased
to show you if you will favor us with a call.
We have in course of construction several cot-
tages .in Frultvale. which will soon be on the
market. Take a look at. live goods. .-.-, j
• We have lots at all prices and on all kinds
of terms, as well as suburban acreage. Im-
proved and unimproved. We can please you
here, we think. ,,'-r.:. ; V .-■.':-.
.
TO OUR EASTERN FRIENDS WT3 WOULD
SAY THAT WE HAVE A NUMBER OF EX-
CELLENT FARMS IN ADJOINING COUN-
TIES AND ALSO SOME STOCK RANCH
PROPOSITIONS .THAT ARE REALLY A
ROCKEFELLER CINCH. IF YOU DO NOT
BELIEVE IT." CALL AROUND AND WE
WILL CONVINCE YOU.
ELROD St HULL,
PHONE RED 5SS1. 1200 BROADWAY.
CHAS. C. HULBERT.
Tel. Main 1024. jf-'v "A 911 Broadway.
BARGAIN LIST.
$2650 — Fine cottage, furnished; 8 rooms and
bath; BO-tt frontage; on 21st st, near
Linden.
$3200 — Elegant new house of 7 rooms and bath:
gas . and electric light; near Telegraph
ave. ; will rent for $25. per mo., subject
to sale; $1000 cash, bal. $29 per mo.; lot
40x107.
We . ire excluslx-e . agents 'tor . 26 flna lots In
Golde.n Gate: prices, $275 to $300.
$3250 — Buys beautiful 2-story house; 6 rooms
end bath; gas and electric lights; lot 37x
100; high ground; East Oakland: close to
two car lines.
COTTAGE.
$lS00 — Buys a ; nice cottage of B rooms and
bath; with lot" 50x120; East Oakland.
$3500 — Buys fine 2 T story. S-room house, nearly
new; on beautiful Vernon Heights: mag-
nificent vl«w; term?. $1200 cash; balance
$25 per mo., including Interest; lot 35x
100; exclusive agents.
CHEAPER THAN PAYING RENT.
$2650— $660 down, balance mortgage, for an up-
to-date, 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; near San Pablo ave. and Southern
Pacific local. '
FOR SEEKERS OF A FINE HOME".
Most attractive house on Grove st, of 7
rooms and- bath: gas and electric lights; fine
stable; lot 50x150. '
CHAS. C. HULBERT.
911 Broadway, Oakland.
$2600^ — GOOD B-room cottage, on Chestnut St.,
near Sixteenth; .lot 84x100.
Manufacturing comer on Fifth st...near new
Southern Paclflo freight depot; can't be
beat as to location and price.
$100 each — Lots near San Leandro road and
■ ■ Fltchburg: get one and make money. ■■■
$2500—2 cottages of 5 rooms each: well rented;
street work all done, and -less than ■ five !
minutes' walk to local station; car line
one-half block; very -easy terms.
$6750— Lot 75x100; on Twelfth at, near Lake
Merrltt. .
$9000— Beautiful home on ,' Filbert et, -i near
Twelfth; double parlors. • finished In hard
woods, best of finish throughout: cost
owner $15,000 to build; lot 84x125.
$4500 — Good 7-room house In Piedmont; half
block 'from car line; lot 150x200; • easy
> terms; foreclosure." ' '.'.*■. 7. •
$4750— Nearly new 2- story." 7-room house; cor-
. ner lot; situated ' near St Mary's College
2 blocks to car line; excellent condition.'
THE-E. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY.
1018 Broadway. Oakland.
Or Room 232 Mills bldg..* San" Francisco.
NICE modern house, nearly .new; near Lake
• Merrltt; ■ close to new street car extension
Just in operation, greatly increasing value; 7
..rooms; lot 65x232; price reduced to. $3000-
$200 cash, balance- like rent
» rooms; modern; lot 60x100: ■ lying high
with cement retaining wall; In. East Oakland
near new Key route service; $3500;' $300 cash
balance like rent' ■■•'■ , • ' . • ,
Mansion in East Oakland; 14 rooms;*6 lots-
: suitable for sanitarium . or private hospital*
I $6. r >00; easy terms. W. Nr'RUSSELL. -
■ 201 California st. Ban Francisco, Cal.
'. .- ";.','"" ' "' • *
$3000-t8-ROOM house, near Telegraph ave.- all
modern conveniences; lot is 50x125- sunny
side of street: price reduced from $4000-'
this property is 5 blocks from Key Route
station. -.'.-" ■' ' . *} ,'■
$1750— 6-room. cottage; barn and driveway; lot
37:Cxl25; two . blocks from Key Route
station at Fortieth and Telegraph ave
C. K, i MARSHALL, 1070 Broadway!
OAKLAND ADVER'TS'M'TS
OAKLAND SEAL ESTATE.
PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. '
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. .PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. ; PIEDMONT.
, Thirty-five minutes
from San Francisco
By Key route ferry— 20 minute service
— itt trains daily.
OPPOSITE THE GOLD*EN GATE.
Elevation 400 feet— '
High above the fog.
CENTRAL PIEDMONT TRACT.
3 THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SUBURB
OFSAN_FRANCISCO.
Prices from $30 to $-10 per front, foot.
Highland Terrac-— 2 minutes' walk from Key
route statlcn— $25 to $30 per foot.
This is a safe, quick investment. .-
Acreage and villa sites in all parts of Ala-
meda County.
City lots In Oakland. Piedmont and Berkeley.
HOUSES BUILT TO SUIT PURCHASERS ON !
INITIAL PAYMENT OF 20 PER CENT
TOTAL COST OF HOUSE AND LOT; BAL-
ANCE MONTHLY AS RENT. . . J *v- :
Purchaser can occupy his house on a smaller
outlay than the cost of the lot alone.
The easiest building offer on the market
SEND FOR" OUR ILLUSTRATED LITERA-
TURE ON PIEDMONT AND ALAMEDA
-COUNTY. OR, BETTER YET, BE OUR
' I GUEST AT PIEDMONT ANY AFTERNOON
OR SUNDAY.
SEND US 'YOUR NAME AND WE WILL
MAIL FREE TICKET AND PARTICU-
LARS.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
14 SANSOME ST.
' 1212 BROADWAY.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT, Inc.
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$500 down, balance on terms, will buy a 4-
room cottace, modern plumbing, gas,
electricity and only one block from San
Pablo ave.; only $1SOO.
$1300 — This 6-room house, located on Filbert
st, is a cheap buy and won't last long.
If this price suits you come early.
$1000 — North Oakland- snap; lot alone worth
the money; 50x150 feet and a story and
a half 7- room house; only a block from
car line.
1326
$2000— Half cash, balance on mortgage will
buy 4-room cottage on lot 32:6x137:0;
one block from Grove-st. electric car and
Kej- route. -
$2400 — 6-room cottage on Brush, close in;
■ could be turned into flats at very nom-
inal cost and made to pay good interest.
See us for particulars. This Is a bargain.
1130
$2850 — An elegant new 5-roora home in North
Oakland, close to Key route; only one
block from street cars. This house is
partly furnished and will sell Immediately.
Just put up for sale. Less than half
cash down will buy it.
$3S0O — This elegant new bungalow Is all that
can be desired by the most exacting peo-
ple. Th» best of locations, the best, of
neighbors and surrounded by. fine resi-
dences. This is near town and only a
few minutes' ride, in walking distance.
You must see it to ba convinced that you
can't find its duplicate anywhere for one-
third more value. Eight rooms and bath.
Complete In every respect .>v*.v
BUILDING LOTS.;
$525 — Located close .to cars in growing neigh-
borhood; only one-fifth down, balance easy
terms. . A rare chance, for speculation;
prices bound to advance. . ;,k *
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. Ina;
. 1000 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. ,
' V . ,V C THISt .; ■
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A SNAP IN
A FIRST-CLASS, ELEGANT HOME. HOUSE
OF 9 ROOMS; LOT 60X150; FINE MARINE
VIEW: TERRACED LAWN: STONE STEPS.
.WALKS AND WALL WJTH IRON FENCE
AROUND ENTIRE PROPERTY: 5 OAK AND
MAPLE MANTELS: OAK FINISH IN. HALL
AND DINING ROOM: CONSTRUCTION
GUARANTEED. AS THIS WAS THE FORM-
ER HOME OF OUR GOVERNOR, AND
BUILT OF THE BEST MATERIAL MONEY
COULD BUY. PRICE ONLY $6250. EASY
TERMS. ' ' '
$3250— Modern. Queen Ann home, located in
the exclusive neighborhood of Hamilton
place, choicest eeotloa In Linda Vista; 7
large, sunny roonis., bath: modern plumb 1
ing; side entrance with large sunny
porch; 2 open fireplaces: china closets,
- .-etc.; large basement with Inside stair-
way; less than 15 minutes' walk from
Fourteenth and Broadway or narrow
gauge train; easy terms. This is a great
•sacrifice as owner must leave town be-
fore January 15 on account of change in
• business. .-■■•;-.-- '•»
$1200— New, modern store and flat A rare
chanoe to get a good piece of business
property.locatsd at the terminus of. Key
Route. Flat rented under two years'
lease at $30 per month; store will rent
for 125 oer month. Good opening for aay
kind of business.
KREIES & HORSWILL.
. 1070 Broadway.
SEE THESE BAliGAIN& ' .
$4500 — The Elmhurst Hotel, nearly new; 20
large rooms above and 15 below, besides a
i^?t Btore separate from the hotel; lot 11 5x
136:7; building 50x100; cost owner $10,000 cash
five years ago; -wras then rented for $30 per
month; a great bargain at the price asked-
ov , n ,VL ovrr 80 years old and in feeble health.
$1900— House at Frultvale R. R. station- 5
rooms; nearly new; $150 Cash, balance Install-
ments.
$1550— New cottage at junction of Piedmont
ave. and M. V. Cemetery line; 6 rooms; $350
ca 2?A^ alance * 15 P er month.
$1200 — Good 6-room house at Frultvale R. R.
?V£Sv : J15 ° cash » *»»»*■<:« $1* Per month. .
b 1^500 — New house at Elmhurst; ten rooms,
barn, shop, windmill, chicken.houses and bear-
ing fruit trees; lot 200x150; small cash pay-
ment; balance installments.
. ' EXCHANGE.
I HAVE A LONG LIST OF GOOD CITY
AND COUNTRY PROPERTY. FOR EX-
CHANGE. INVESTIGATE.
IRA C. JENKS.
1200 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2600— 887 THIRTY-FOURTH st: a fine new
Eastlake cottage. . high basement, enameled
bathtub, nickel-plated plumbing, wash trays
tine mantel, gas fixtures, hardware the best;
lot 31x100; street work complete; near Key
route and electric cars; easy terms; key at
; office.
* We. have a. .pretty cottage of 4 rooms, por-
celain bath, electric lighting, hot and cold
watar; very sunny; Fremont St., near 55th; 2
blocks from Golden Gate station ■ and San
Pablo- ave.; open to-day for Inspection; pay-
monts like rent; go and see- it.
$2400— Two flats, 6 rooms and bath; hard-
wood mantel; lot 36x100; also rear cottage, 4
rooms, included in above price; a snap; fine
location; cars. pass -door; 3 blocks from local
train in East Oakland; Twelfth ave., near
East Sixteenth, st ,-. .
GEO. W. AUSTIN,
-. • . ■ •• 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$4000—18 all w« ask for a new and modern 8-
room house; electrio.and gas; N. side of
• - Santa Clara,. near cars. 470-1
$3000 — This is a chance to make some money;
8-room house on Edwards ■ »t ; Investi-
-Eate. ' \ -, 610-12
$2600— Excellently built cottage. 5 rooms and
. . . bath; Isabella, near San Pablo; must b«
- seento be appreciated. . '500-3
.For fair treatment and quick sale*, list Trlth
F. F. PORTER. 466 .Eighth Jgt.
A LITTLE, SUBURBAN HOMEL , . '• ;
S1200— % acre,: with new modern cottage,
barn, chicken-houses, good well of . water,
shade, fruit trees, shrubbery etc.: '30 minutes
from Broadway.. Oakland; 8 blocks from San-
Leandro car. line and. cornering on 3 open ave-
nues: $400 cash, -. balance bank mortgage, t 4
years at ; 7 - per; cent" or ' monthly ■ payments;
this Is a snap and only offered this week.
GEO. F. COSBY, rm. 106. Bacon bik.. Oakland
$760 FORa larg« building lot near Key. Route
;. v ,ln Santa , Fe ..Tract , Berkeley, - 30 ; minutes
. from San Francisco; easy ; monthly ; pay-
>j ments: street work ; completed ; ■ good locality.
. ' HOLCOMB, -"BREED '& ' BANCROFT, < 1060
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S'M'TS
OAKLAND BEAIi ESTATE.
HOLIDAY OFFERINGS.
Oakland Heights. Vernori st; 6ood two-story
hou;e of eight rooms; $3600.
flWO— Lot 50x100; on Verncn st.,* close^to
Senator. Perkins' home; cheap.
Vernon st; choice lots $1000; on easy terms;
or build to suit.
Telegraph ave. and 34th st. ; north side of
street, close to Telegraph; 05x110; $2100.
Corner on Telegraph ave. and 23d st; this is
the best corner left.
Walsworth ave.; good lot, 2SxllO; $750.'
SOxlDO; on : Glen : Echo Heights, close to Key
Routs station. Piedmont; will be sold for $900;
only cno fare to the city; 25 minutes' ride; see
this; we have others. ! •'
East Oakland, close to 4th ave. and Hop-
kins; 75x100. for $S0O; bargain.
$500 for flats; East 18th and 8th ave.
Good lot. 25x100; north side.
J JAS. S. NAISM1TH.
531 Thirteenth st
ALDEN REALTY CO.. 5184 Telegraph ave.
Phone Black 64S1.
$250 cash. $21 60 per month buys a new 5-
room cottage near Telegraph ave. and Al-
catraz; price $1SQO.
$100. cash.. $20 per. month buys a new 4-room
bungalow near Telegraph and Fourth-st
j Key Route, depot: price $2000.
! $250 cash $25 per month- buys a new 5-room'
cottage near Fortieth st. and Grove-st.
Key Route depot; price $2250.
$5C0 cash. ?32 per month buys a new. modern
9-room house; street work, sewer and side-
walk complete;, near Fifty-fifth- st.- Key
Route depot; price $2650.
Improved and unimproved property at a bar-
gain. , . .
$550 buys a 2-room house on New Broadway,
near Country Club; lot 25x125.
$So0 buys a 3-room house near College "ave. ;
lot 60x150.
; $550 buys SO feet on Telegraph ave. ; street
' work all done.
$5C0— DESIRABLE lot: B0 feet front; on hill
overlooking Lake Merrltt; near Key Route
cars: ...
$1850— Corner lot 60x120, with all street work
done: a good cottage of 4 rooms and bath
ami barn; half block from local.
$3250 — Two new. modern flats of 6 rooms; now
rented $39 per month: all street work
. done; convenient to cars and local' trains.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
1058 Broadway.
. 2'. • -• Oakland.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
. $500 for 2 lots, worth $1000; all street work
and cement sidewalk done. - Se« P. C. LAS-
SEN & CO., 466 Tenth st. Oakland. .
A SNAP— Choice lot, 110x125, SW. cor. 21st
and Myrtle sts. ; will be sold as a whole or
in subdivisions: sold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle st. Oakland.
FOR sale — $1900; one full acre, of ground on
east side Lawton avenue, commencing 150
feet from Hudson st. ; let us show you this
week; 2 blocks from car line. GEO. F.
COSBY, room 105, Bacon block. Oakland.
$7000 — HANDSOME new S-room house; furn-
ace; Lakeside district, near business center,
must sell. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE
CO., 460-462 Eighth st. Oakland.
THREE small flats renting for $28: R minutes
from City Hall; $2500. Owner. 802 Franklin.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET.
FLAT to let. .Inquire 776 Harrison «t, Oak-
land. - ■
OAKLAND BOOMS WANTED.
-BY January 1 — Furnished room with private
family, near narrow gauge, by young gentle-
man with references. Box 2777. Call office.
OAKLAND rURNITUBE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H: Schelhaaa, 11th st.cor.store.Oakland
MILL VALLEY AD V'BT'S'M'TS
MILL "VALLEY MAL ESTATE.
$300 TO $S00— Ten per cent cash, balanc« $10
; ( , monthly; flr.a large lots; graded streets; pure
. mountain water; ■ grand redwood trees;
charming views; right at the station; they
are selling fast; 130 lots sold; send for il-
lustrated booklet LYON & HOAG, 116
i Montgomery st. . . . . - *i ; •
San Francisco Advertiseni't's
C3gxrar.cK SEsyicEa.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D..
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m., topic, "Some Young .Men." At 7:45
p. m., topic, "To-morrow." All " ar» cor-
[4 dlally invited.
THIRD Congregational Church, Fifteenth st,
near Mission — Rev. William Rader, pastor
(residence Hotel Manhattan), will preach at
' both services; 11 a. m., "Crossing the Sea,
' or the Duties and Dangers of Life's Voyage."
7:30 p. xn., "Tbe People at Play and the
Influence of Popular Pleasures Upon Char-
acter." Last In series.
GRACE CHURCH/ California st. cor. Stock-
ton. Rev. David J. Evans, rector. Celebra-
tion of holy communion 8 a. m. Morning
service, 11 a. m. Benedicite, Gregorian;
Benedlctus. Crotch . In C: Offertory, "Seek
Ye the Lord," Roberts. Full cathedral ser-
vice, 7:45 p. ra. All seats free at this ser-
vice. Sermon at both cervices by th« rector;
organist and choirmaster. Wm. H. Holt.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts. — Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett. D. D.. rector. Holy
• communion, 7:30 a. m. ; Sunday school, 9:30
a. m. ; morning service, .11 a. m.; sermon by
rector: evening service, 8 p. xn.; sermon by
Rev. James Hulme.-.
TRINITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twenty-
third and Capp sts.. Rev. Edward K. Strong.
'.'pastor — Public worship at 11 a. m. and 7:80
p. m. Bible school at 12:30 p. m. Endeavot
Society, at B:30 p. m. Midweek meeting on
Wednesday at 8 p. m. • Strangers welcome to
all these services. £
CALIFORNIA Street Methodist Church, corner
California and Broderick sts. — The pastor.
Rev. George A. Hough, will preach morning
■ and evening. Morning theme. "Where- to
■ Find Rest." Evening, "Will My Religion
8tand-the Test?" Special music by chorus
choir. • All seats free. Strangers cordially
5 welcomed. , Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.
Epworth League at 6:30 p. m.
CENTRAL M. E. Church, Mission st, bet.
Sixth and Seventh — The pastor, Dr. George
W. White, will preach at both services.
Morning topic, the third sermon on "Is the
Apostles' Creed. Obsolete?" Evening,
"Christ or Barabbas?". Sunday-School at
12:45. Rolla V. Watt, Superintendent; Youna
People's meetings at 6:15; song service, 7 :30.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan ' sts.
— Rev. James H. N.' Williams, the pastor
will preach at 11 a. m. on "The Final Era
of Preparation for the Messiah," ,and at
7:30 p. m. on "The Man Who Failed to
Follow His Own Advice." All seats free.
Polite ushers. Best of music. .
UNITARIAN Church (First), SW. corner of
Geary and; Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt. minister. Junior church and-Sun-
■. . day. school are at 10 o'clock. Rev. Bradford
Leavitt and C. A, Murdock, ' superintend-
ents. . Sunday service is at 11 o'clock. Ther«
is no evening service. Mr. Leavitt will
preach.- Subject,- "Sunday. IU Use and
. Abuse." .» Special music by augumented choir
next Sunday. Music by quartet, under di-
rection of H. . Bretherick, organist. All are
cordially Invited.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth . and Capp sts. ■ (Take Mission or Va-
lencia st -car.) — C. Calvert Smoot, minister-
residence, 3470 Twentieth st.' The Sunday
school meets at 0:45 o'clock; 'Mrs L.. A
Covel. superintendent. At the morning
service at 11 o'clock C." Calvert Smoot will
preach. Subject "Ptolemy or Copernicus"
Music by orchestra and choir under th« di-
. rection of Mr. Jablsh Clement. All cordially
Invited. No evening service.
i FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave
and Sacramento st.' Rev. Kirk Guthrie. pas-
tor— Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m!;
the pastor will preach at both services; Sab^
bath-School_ at-9:45 a. m.; Christian En-
deavor, 5:15 and 6:15 p. in.; Wednesday. 8
P- ro-. m Jd _week service; all are cordially
CALVARY Presbyterian Church cor. Jackson
and Flllmore sts.— Rev. John Hemphill. D.D.
pastor Morning service at 11 o'clock. In-
stallation of elders and : deacons Evening
•service. at 7:30 o'clock. Sermon topic, "t
Man Made Whole." The pastor .will preach
at , both services. Sabbath , school at
' a. . m. ;; Christian Endeavor meeting at 6*30
p * '?* . , Praver meeting Wednesday '. evening
; at .8, o'clock. All are cordially. Invited.
THB Peo»l«'a Church ".■ holds services . Sunday
; • evenings In Elks' .> Hall.' 223 Sntter st. ; at 8
% o'clock; subject, "Power of tho Press.*; Pas-
tor * Mrs. 'Anna L. . Glllesple.v residence 631
-•• .\aa Nes» ave.. " v*-
CHTTBCH . SESVICES— ContinnedU^^
FIRST Baptist Church. .*!2O Eddy st— Rev. J-
W. Daniels preaches at 11 a. m.;-Rev. «.-,.-m
Dietr.at 7:30 p. m.; Bible school aJ..J-^
p. m.; Christian Endeavor meetings.. 0.30 _P-
m.; prayer meeting Wednesday, f.io P- • "f 1 --
all cordially invited to these services, seai.
free. 1 ■ ' ,
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, t** 1 '")
block.- 223 Sutler st. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave.— Christian Science service at 11 *- "•;:
subject of Iesscn-sermon. "Christian bcience
Sunday school Tor children at the same hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o clock free
reauing-roo-n, 200 Kearny st., rooms oU0-3lu,
all ar« welcomed
"A NEW RELIGION" will be the wW**'S!
discourse at Golden Gate (main haia , CU»
B Sutler st, 8 p. m., by Rev. C. "all Cook or
Denver. '.Colo. Dr. Cook claims that th«
traditional conception of man as a l . Br * e -
science as telepathic communication and tne
existence of an "astral form."
A GREAT mass meeting for men will be held
at the Young Men's Christian Association
this afternoon at 3 o'clock; H. W. P* VI »-
religious work director of the association,
will deliver the address; there w»ll be splen-
did music by the Robson orchestra and group
Bible study classes at 4 o'clock; all men are
Invited to attend^ ' *■
BUDDHIST Mission. 6u7 Polk st— Service. 11
a. m. . Rev. K. Hori speaks en Eternal
Happiness." . • __
BEEETUraS — SOTfTPAT.
AAA— HENRY' HARRISON BROWN an-
nounces his return; see- notice in Sunday
Lectures Department.
A— TESTS— Odd Fellows' building. 2-7:30.
Wilson, Mrs. Waltman; 7:30, Mr. Hargrave,
Dr. Cowan, 10c. -'
MRS. EBERHARDTS circle. Sun.^ Tues. and
Thurs. eve.. 10c 267 San Jos« avV. between
Twenty-fourth and Tw«nty-flfth star. T -■. .-
THE Permanency of Spiritualism? Arthur
Howe, 2 p. m. Room 8, cor. 7th and Mar-
ket st. ;' psychic readings. "
TRUTHSEEKERS— Foresters' Hall. 102 O*Far-
rell st; Mme. Bacon. Sanders, others; tests;
lecture, 8 p. m., free.
MME. YOUNG'S test meeting to-night; Mrs.
, Seal, lecture. 619 McAllister st; 10c; come,
skeptics. . , ■■"■:-■
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
A— MRS. HARLAND: evening test circles to-
; night. 10c; readings 50c, $1. 14S Sixth st
A— MRS. C. C. KOTTER. circle t^-night and
every night; sittings dally. 43 Slfrth st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister st— Mrs.C.
J.Meyer: sit daily; tests to all every eve., 10c.
MRS. STODDARD'S select full test reading;
seances. 25c: Sun.. Tues.: sits dally. 278 9th,
MRS. LESTER 838 Mission st— Circles Mon-
day and Fri. eves., 10c; sittings daily. 60c-$l.
.TESTS. Scottish Hall. 8 p. m.; Wrenn. Hovet.
Samuels. Wilson, McKee. Rev. Brooks, lect
W. G. KERGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 143 Sixth st
CHILDREN'S lyceum every Sunday at 10:30
a. m. Odd Fellows', No. S: free library.
MME. VIGARS' spiritual test meeting every
night. 8 o'clock. 143 Sixth, sit, daily.
MEETTNO3— THEOSOPHICAI..
THE Theosophlcal Society, Academy of Sci-
ences Hall — Piitollc lecture. 8 p. m.. by Thom-
as Prime; subject. '"Helping the Dead." Mu-
slc by Professor W^H. Upscombe.
SUNDAY LECTURES.
AAA — "NOW" lecture, Henry Harrison Brown,
subject, "The Human Mind and How to Di-
rect Thought" Mr. Brown has returned
from St. Louis, where he attended (afterward
elected president) the National New Thought
Federation. He will give a few Sunday
evening lectures and will soon open some
classes, before starting on a tour. He espe-
cially desires to greet all Interested in his
work: 8 p. m.; free, with collection; Memo-
rial Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg.. 7th & Market
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN*S free lecture this
evening. Electricians' Hall, 35 Eddy st;
subject "The Care of Children." followed by
views of. a visit to Jerusalem and the Holy
Land. Free tickets will ba given for X-ray
exhibition at . Sanitarium Tuesday eve. Re-
member the question box. Special music.
"EVOLUTION of Industry," Austin Lewis.
Union-square Hall, beginning Jan. 8. See
next Sunday's papers. .
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS. Academy of Scl-
ences. ■.Thursday, ' 22d, "Materialism vs.
Idealism." .' ' '
"SOME Objections to Socialism." A. M. Lewis,
Alhambra Theater, Jan. 8, 8 p. m. ; free.
MISS FRANCES E. SPEYBR wll speak at
Golden Gate Hall at 11 a. m. to-day.
DR. COLLINGE; subject "Peace." Welcome
Hall, Odd Fellows' building. 8 p. m.
JACK LONDON. Alhambra Theater to-night.
8 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
ALTA Lodge No. 205,. I. O. O." T.— ,.«t^.
Initiation MONDAY EVENING.
December lit; visitors welcome, ? ;S5&I!"3'b|
B. F. LEDEFORD. N. G.
UNITY Lodge No. 131. L O. O.
F.— Initiation TU ESDAY EVEN- #^^^?%
ING. December 20; hall Six- xgSgKSSy
teenth and Valencia sts.: visitors ■'33&«£*^
always welcome. B. H. ANDREWS. N. G.
A. P. BUTTON. Rec. S«c.
ODIN Lodgs No. 803. I. O. ' O. '^^jtrwa^
F.— Initiation (In Swedish) nextgj^gg&
Wednesday night: two candl- v -!5*5*?f23y
dates. Visitors cordially Invited. ■^m«G& r
GEORGE. G. MOREN. N. G.
SWAN CHYTRAUS. Secretary.
MODERN Woodmen of America, Good- 7
fellowship Camp 9633, M. W". of A., y
meets every MONDAY ' NIGHT at «Xi
Electricians' Hall. 33 Eddy St.. city. J m 0 )
W. H.' EDWARDS. V. C
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room 627
Emma Spreckels building.
A NICHT In Auld Scotland. — Tho S. v «T>v-
F. Scottish Thistle Club will hold ZS, >t Sh
their twenty-third annual Hogma- >^»?£t£sr
nay Supper and Ball SATURDAY
EVENING. December 31. at Lyric HalL 119
Eddy st A gala tlm« to all. Grand march
8:30 p. m., supper 11:15 p. m. Admission
$150 each. Hat and cloak room for guests.
GEO. W.PATERSON.. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE, Recorder. .
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
. th« Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
cisco, Cal., will be held at Its banking-
house. 3Ql_Montgomery st. San Francisco,
Cal., on TUESDAY. January 10, 1903.
at 3:15 p. m..> for the election of directors to
serve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
, ccm« before -the meeting. . .
••*. . GEO. GRANT, Secretary.
December 10. 1904.
MRS. H. E. TWOSE wilt si>eak on "Th«
Science and Demonstration of . Health and
Prosperity" at Stiles, Berkeley. 8 o'clock,
Sunday.
AGENTS WANTED.
■ — — . .-- ■ i.i-
WB -want permanent advertisement In 10,000
country homes by Jan. 1 and will send en-
tire list Mark Twain's celebrated books con-
taining our advertisement; worth $5; prepaid
on receipt 34o to cover, packing. WyngI*
Purchasing Agency. 628 California st. S. F.
AGENTS, our new gold window sign letters
beat anything - on • the market: big profits:
agents make $10 to $2O dally; complete sam-
ple cutflt 25c: particulars free. SULLIVAN
CO., 4C5 W. Van Buren st, Chicago, 111.
ORGANIZERS to represent ■ Knights and
Ladles of Security; good contract to gentle-
men and ladles north of San Francisco. Ad
DIST. DEPUTY. 215 8th St., Marysvllle. Cal.
AGENTS — We pay $18 a week and expenses
„. to men with rigs to Introduce poultry com-
pound; year's contract Imperial Mfg. Co.
Deft. 54, Parsons. Kans. *
WANTETD — Flrst-class . general ■ agency with
established w*ekly collection. Box 1531. Call
office, Oakland.
HIGH-CLASS men investments, banking cor-
: poratlon. ROBT. SLAUGHTER, box 2671
' Call office.
AGENTS, selling patented article; 100 per cent
profit. R. J. H. Co., 428 Starr King bldg
I - San Francisco.
PERFUMES, toilet articles, Christmas goods.
Pacific Agents Supply. Co.. 1220 Treat ave
1
WANTETJ — Experienced lady agents to sell
. toilet articles of great merit" Box 2071. Call.
WANTED— Ladies or gentlemen to solicit Call
. at room 30, Winchester Hotel.
LOCAL agents for the" only reliable. hair tonic
the Marquis. 414 Poet st '<|
AGENTS wanted; quick seller; big commission.
42 Grove st. ■
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent. to any address in th»
ASTXOLOQT.
ASTOR.~ famous N.Y. astrologer: man of abil-
ity; advice, lessons, booklet. 8*7 Market '
DETECTIVES.
DETKCTIVE^ — Experienced " d«t=ct'.v9
wishes work from private parties: At' ref-
-erer.crs; r«-ascnable rat»s. . Dox 1*74-.*. Call.
ATTOEMEYS-AT-LAW. .
A FRAUDULENT dlvorc* Is dsar at $12 ani
it no good; for 22 years I've ma!» divorces
• ireclaliy; quick; quiet: no money needed;
bo pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free: colfcctioas
rcade- G. W. HOWE. 1122 Markat it
CONSULTATION fro. private apd confMen-
tlal; business legally and promptly trans-
acted: collections, mechanics' lien*, probaf.
tenani.3 ejected: legal papers drawn; loans
"en real estate; eafe. sound investments high
rates Interest W. MATTHEWS. 632 MarSc?t.
R. W: KING. Attorn?y-at-Iaw, Exam, ilig.,
6th floor: entrance room 611 r established 28
years: all courts, general court and office
practice: no fees In advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
AA— Divorce; costs $12; <juick.qulet;advlc» free;
all law business: no charge unless . succp**-
* fill; open evenings. 027 Market st. room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: no fees or
costs In advance; all law business; ofSc*
open Eaturday aven!nga. 819 Market st.. r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law. rooms .1
and 4, 240 Montgomery st; phone Red 661T.
L. S. CLARK, 027 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees In advance; open evening*.
ATTTOMOBIiaiig.
1 STANDARD made gasoline automobil* with
-tonneau; sacrifice for cash or cart property
In Berkeley: 1 2-cyllnder gasoline auto; goo4
as xaade; make offer: or will exchang* for
horses and bugslea. . Address box 15S2. Call
office, Oakland. .» .
SNAP — $C5C0 •'Oldjrmoblle;" practically new:
used about four months. Call or wrlts^ 675
Thirty-sixth «t.. Oakland.
PACKARD automobile- for sal's: flrst-c*asa run.
nlng order; will sell for $1SCO. Box 1637,
Call office. ■ .
ASTHMA CUBE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves tnstxaUr:
10c, 25c. 60c. 1C02 Markat St Nicholas;
tlio Wlshart 10th and Washington. Oakland.
APOPnoar.
WANTED — Boy baby; ide&l hos:» at B"unk«
Mafrnlty Villa. 14H 8t!v st. Alaineda.
BICYCLES — Por Bal< or Crdximg-*.
A RAMBLER, perfect, only $12 50; tandem.
$20. Address room 33. 421 Larkln st.
CLEVELAND wheel for «al». 3343 Eighteenth
atreet. : > ■■' ■'
BOABPrjTP roB csoijivjsa.
RESPECTABLE married lady wlta' child 3
years old would take good cars of 1 or 3
children and go residing near parents; speak*
French and English. Box 2126. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would Uk» motheries*
children to care for; terms reasonable. 613
East Sixteenth st. East Oakland, or 23
Pore st. city.
AMERICAN family wants a child to tak» car*
of; good home; best of references. Call at
7S5* Vallejo st
A GOOD home for girl over 4; no otSsr chil-
dren in board. 707 Hampshire st
SMALL child to board in privat* family; best
of care. ISIS Mascn st.
SMALL child to board in private family; best
of care. P6I*-i Greenwich st .
WANTED — A child to take car* of; good car*.
MRS. WEBER. 2S2 Turk st '
BTTSIKESS CZAgCES.
A— $500; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal repair shop: established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G.- WILKE. Sfjs-j
Kearny.
A— $500; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars H. G. WILKE, 2t>'i
Ktarny.
A— $1SOO; SALOON oa water front, clc*e to
Market, st ; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good - pajing
' business. See R. G. WILKE. 2tt',i- Keamy.
A — $300; BAKERYwith delicatessen store, ice-
cream parlor; In very best location; will bj
sacrificed: owner must leave at once f?r New
York; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE, 1'U'j
- Kearny st.
A— $3500; LIQUOR store, with 5 years', lease:
$2t>0O stock guaranteed: - 1 block: north- of
- Market; "a rery rare chance, call oa. .R. G.
WILKE. 26^i Kearor st ■ ■ ■ ■ :\ ■ ■
A— $1800; RESTAURANT and coffee salooa:
..daily receipts $30; rent iSO; lease; place lo-
. cated close to Market and a good bu3lnets.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 2«^ Kearny at
A— $3500; SALOON: the best oa the water
front; rent $74; place known .for the lost 3t>
years as a first-class paying, business. . For
particulars call on P.. G. WILKE, 26*4
Kearnx »t . . . - . .._:. .^
A — $1200; OLD-ESTAB.' dyeing and clear-lns
works; 3 horses; 4 wagons;, net rent $20;
place' estab. for many years and has a laxg*
patronage; a good paying business. Call ca
R. G. WILKE. 28 a Kearny st
A— $1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, wtta 6-year
lease: close to carhouae and other factories.
See R. G. WILKS. 2t>}a Kearny st
A— $1800; RESTAURANT for sale, in th» best
mining town, ia t&e State of Nevada; 'daily
receipts. $150; opposite the round hou*«; no>
better paying proposition la Nevada. • Putlc
ulara R. G. WILKE. 26 fr Kearny st. -
$600— WILL take partner ia a good paying,
nicely furnished coCe* parlor and restau-
rant; lease: or owner will aell for $1100j
part on time. Se» R. G. WILKE, 2814
Kearny st
A — $7000; BAKERY, ens of tha beat ia eltyt
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for frwti
partners; not all cash necessary. Particular*
%Tt> R. O. WILKEy 2gxj Kearny rt.
A— $2500; HOTEL la Sonoma, Co.; 20 fara.
rooms; dining and bar room, bos. 3 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' leaj*r
rent $50. or owner will sell whol« property
for $12,000. Particulars R. O. WELKEL SS^
Kearcy »t. . . _^^
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and b*s. -with 9
living rooms, oa Sacramento st; 4H y«arV
lease; rent $45; the -very best locatloa.- Sea
R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
$550— Restaurant; very best location: rant $80;
close to Kearny and Bush; a good-paytas
Investment: Investigate. Call en B. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '■■
A— $2900; CORNER grocery and bar oa V«,
lencia st: lease; old - established and good
paying business; investtsate; a rare »•»»»""»,
See R. O. WILKE. 28 fr Kearny st.
.A — $2350; COAL. wood, bay and train, bast-
ness; S horses. 3 wagons; net r*nt $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. Be* R. CX.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. . '
A— $S0O; CORNER salooa In wfeoleasltt dis-
trict; .r.o night or Sunday work; salooa •*•
tab. 20 years and known as a good -bust*
ness. Bee R, O. WILKE. 28 Vj Kearny st.
A — $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash bu«l_
ness; location can't be beat; valus la slzat.
See R. O. WILKE. 26*j Kearny at.
A — $2600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building: place estaV
Il9hed years; doing & first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. O.
WILKE. 26>£ Kearny st. '
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fultoa
st; rent $80; living rooms; stock will to-
, voice about $2SC0; a well established and
first-class paying business. See B. O.
WILKE. 26>6 Kearny st. .
A— $350; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store: 3 rocms; rent $23; best location Va-
lencia st. Call R. O. WILKE. 28H Kearay.
AAA— Long established and largest real es-
tate business In growing town near S.-F. •
pays $300 to $500 per month: $t50» worth of
unincumbered real estato on hand. Will
sell for actual value of real estate, good will
of business thrown in free.
THORNE & KILPATRICK. 312 Bush «t
F. L..SKAGG3 & CO.. HOTEL BROKERS).
28 Montromery st. 8. F. Phone Jame* 6301.
We mak» a specialty of hotels in good, llvo
country towns. Our business covers the entire
Pacific Coast. There are now s. number of
splendid opportunities requiring $1000 to $10.-
00O. Hotel men please call.
$73»X* — Grocery and bar on proralaent comer;
horses, wasons. buggy, etc.; stock will In-
voice price asked: thia business •stabllshed
many-years and will bear closest inspection.
Owner Xn retire; no ascr.ts. Address box
2872. Call office.
WANTED — Partner in established packing
business handling pickles and grocers' -sun-
dries: additional capital will he utilize*! to
increase - business. For particulars address
-Charles F. O'Callaghan. atty.. 3» Nevada-blk.
WILL sacrifice for quick sale the best paying
grocery and bar north of Market st. ; receipts
.$60 to $70 a day; make offer. PACIFIC
BUSINESS ASSN.', 1143 Markat '«t- ■ -
WANTED — Partner with $4500 cash: have the
best and safest business proposition- erer
presented, where large profit will be made;
don't answer unless you mean- business; -no
agents. Box Z5X>; Call.
MAN willing to invest $650 -can mak* '98000
. first year: stands investigation. Call- 10 s, m.
No. 750 Market st. Room 4, *__~~~~gggJ cgA »C~S— Continned. j
V. A. UROOKBANK. " '
.,,- ,, ,_ BUSINESS AGENT ■
. '■?!. Market st.. between Fifth and Sixth. I
•A CLIENT cf mine who conduct* a well i>ay-
__3£! f and ° n Mark « •- <*«'»* K^d
£_£££££?£ an 4 to Eame ne c » n offe «- fine ,
'^ ,V r J°,- •*l*ricnce necessary; $.150 cash
.quired. Parucu'.ara of UROOKBANK. ,
ii.X> AND servicrs eet-ure an in'eres't ia old =
«2?m«£'i2S l "emission business clear- •
mt *_-w to ?_».O mo.; no experience required; '
mgy must be subor nnd reliable and fur- !
Vi^li K ui re , fcn -' nccs as wine be ten- |
'U-»-d him. Particulars with IIHOOKHANK.
■ ECHKKA REALTY Co.. . j
-i.S Market si. See us for business chances. |
. Best Laying yulck lur.ch .n city; owner I
jeavins tor tast; citsrs $2l«0 a month; long !
-i-asc; trial given; don't mUs this; $15W \
°— a- EUREKA REALTY CO. i
* 1115 Market et.
■•A_tlO0O meat market; will sell half fcr $500; •
ItEU TY !n ~ thC :>!ace; rent i 3 *- EUREKA i
5 -^9~ p>rtr '^r wanted, cigar rtcre an-1 billiards. '
aisrin Invest— rat Co.. 235 Kearny tt.
J+000— PAllTNiiil wanted; established genteel '
• ndocr business; dut'.rs !<gnt: short hour«: ;
w.11 pay ?H»j month to csch; no experience :
r^-julrcd. MAUIN INVESTMENT CO.. 235 j
—earry st. j
STEADY can wanted as pi-rtner: p'.aln, light j
v/ork: smnil c^pitul required; sure profit of ,
»75 to e«ch !*?r month; owner is a practical \
workintrman. COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT ;
CO.. C— Mirket E t.
A PAKTNEH wanted in light business; must j
be steady, sober man. willing to assist gen- I
erally. Particulars 47 Geary et., room 6. I
CHAS. C. HULBERT.
1(1 1 llroadway. Oakland.
Tel. Main Io24.
Fcr sale — Coal yard, centrally located, '
cheap.
$3uO buys good confectionery and Ice cream
' store in the heart of the city.
Hotel paying *17!» per month profit; will I
'exchange for cottage.
$50<> INVESTED will return $5000— Wanted— !
Person with $T>00 in oach county lp the ■
'Tnlttd Mai't to tf.ke an intere-st in our
business and represent us in his vicinity; \
will not require your time or Interfere with
• your present business; you can clear $5000
first year and get an income for life: strictly
reliable manufacturing business, having the j
greatest money-making invention since the I
cash register, linotype or telephone; only one ',
person in a county can get in on this, so j
write quick. Address NAT. L. H. & P. CO.. j
112 Michigan st.. Chicago.
$4000 WILL secure controlling interest In &
nemiy incorporated non-assessable stock ,
manufacturing company, which promises the •
greatest returns for money invested of any- !
thing offered on the Pacific Coast to-day; '■
this is a giitedge preposition and will bear j
investigation: only those who mean business
and have the ca^h need apply; offer open for
Monday only. Box 2240. Call office. j
BICYCLE, electrical and loc-ksmith shop: estab- j
lished trade; completely stocked; fine set
tools; lease: low rent; great bargain; $500,
or will invoice; must eo East. Box 15S0,
Call office. Oakland.
flS5rt_ELKGANT cigar store, with billiard !
tables; good trade: growing community; '
value In eight: nets $13<>: owner «olng to J
cold fields. S. H. KENFIELD & CO.. 2115 ,
£hattuck ave.. Berkeley. )
STOCK or bond issu-? reputable corporation. !
mining, industrial or railroad, wanted: have
every facility for selling same on commis-
sion; give particulars. P. O. box 1463, New I
York CSty.
WANTED— A man with from $3000 to $5000 to j
take an Interest in a new gold dredging co. |
that pays over «>00 per cent: no agents or ,
triflrm. C GRIFFIN. 1KX> Van Ness ave. :
■ (
• EVERY $1 invested in our company will make ;
you $lo and bring you income for life. J. F. i
LAWRENCE. 112 Michigan St.. Chicago. III.
AN iii<x.nx- for the family; dividends that wi!l 1
please you. Address International Lumber apd ;
De— lafKBCSt On. (assets H3.000.000), Drexf 1 .
Sbu'.Mine. Philadelphia. Pa. ■
f i;.v — GBOCERT in swell res«d?nce district '.
KCT^ts ihc hay; nne stocV. fixtures: living :
rooms; rent $15: sales $750 per month; owner
rettttns. Box 1*727. Call office.
WANTED — Druggist or reliable young man ;
with some means to purchase one-half profit- :
n'ule <irue store with physician for one-half
receipts of store and practice. Box 2129. Call.
DftCO store ia Oakland; central location; es- j
tablifhed 12 years; lu blocks from oppo«i- ;
tion: price flSCML J. H. CItOTHERS. 490 I
Twenty-fourth «t.
WANTKD— Partner with $5000; 14 years in !
husin-ss: can double your money in one year I
and can show you that it can be done be- .
fore EOiTig In. 21. Sonth Berkeley. ;
OLD tailoring establishment; downtown; IS 1 -*- ,
foot fhow window; worth $2500: low rent: !
le&ving city: first man showing me $S0O can
have this er.BD. Box 25M, Call. i
GENTLEMAN— '
«'an sc-eure half interest In estab. bus.: ser- !
vices and $GW required. Box 2CS1, Call. j
FOR i«a!»~Rf8taurant in cood location; close I
In; tst^ilisried business; lease; price $1700. i
D. «RAHAM. €lti Twelfth st.. Oakland. :
$250 FOR half interest in good paying and j
irrowing business. MO Telegraph ave.. Oak- ■
land. . . :
MINE owner wants $2000 backer; money se-
coxed by property: $1500 bonus given for 4
montlis' use. Box 27SS, Call.
— — — -~——~~~~~~~—~~ ——————— j
$3500 — NEW store, new fixtures, new etock; i
city; full amount Invested; a bargain. Ad- I
dress box 2203, Call office. j
RESTAURANT; snap; rood location and busi- j
ness; particulars see my agent. 1035 Mar-
ket et. • ;
ANY one sending names frlenis wanting iife !
Insurance will receive all commission. LIFE, ;
box 22.!1. Call. V
YOUNG lady In paying office business wants
gentleman with some capital and assist in
managing business. Box 21 4S, Call.
CIGAR stand at sacrifice; good trade: other
business demands attention; offer wanted.
IS Fifth st.
GEARY. 764— Furnished house of 22 rooms;
rent $100; income over rent; $100; bargain.
■ — — — i
1RACEII — Will locate i«rsons (not criminals)
whose present address is not known GEO.
B. OXltJ. 1421 Irvine St.. Berkeley, CaL J
FOB, eale^Fumiture, upholstering and carpet
cleaning business; $500; worth $1000. Box
21£1. Call office.
HOI Printer!: Looking for a "good thing?
Eighth med. press 50 fonts type with outfit,
$S0 cash. 659 Clay Bt., room 18.
$;T75— RESTAURANT; seats 30 people: trade
$16 per day; a good buy. 1027U, Market St..
room 2. /"
S600 — A CANDY an* toy store; best location:
sold only on account of departure. Apply
A. R. DENKE. 1400 Webster St.. Alameda.
*X*R »ale — Saloon doing bir business; price
$12,000; lone lease. Eox 2223, Call.
PAltTNER, or whole; aaloon «Dd 15 fjrnished
rooms; good chance; bargain. 212 i:*st st.
WELL located delicacy store for sale; rt-ason,
owner leaving city; good business. 505 Larkin.
CANDY making taught thoroughly; choco-
late* Address Practical, box 263S. Call.
FOR sale — Old-established grocery and bar;
lease; good business. Inquire C45 Valencia.
•tt~ELL c stiblu-h-il winery, perfectly equipped,
in the city; well surrounded. Box 2G30, Call.
FOR SALE^ — Old established family liquor
etcrt: investlsate. Box 2020, Call office.
FOR sale — Delicatessen store with living
rooxn«; low rent; price $700. Box 1306. Call, j
LADY with $1000 will Invest as silent partner
In business enterprise. Box 2753. Call.
DENTIST looking for location write at once to
Judge Cunningham. South San Francisco.
PARTY —111 sell well-paying stock in a first-
class buildlns association. Box 2236. Call.
LIQUCR store and saloon: fine wine cellar;good
lease: cood corner. 2898 ICth, cor. Howard.
I-"OR SALE — I>ellcacy and borne cocking store; I
rtea-iy hoarders: price reasonable. 410 Oth st.
JAPANESE restaurant and chop house for
eale: cheap; leaving city. 198 2d rt. J
LIQUOR store and saloon: fine wine cellaV; good
lease ; good corner. 2S»8 ICth, cor. Howard.
BARBER shop for sale at 4C1 Seventh et..
Oakland; going away.
>VK can sell your business for cash. National
Business Exchange, 1027 «> Market «t.. r. 2.
- •«.»>— PARTNER wanted tn something new;
v.i!l i*y $200 per month. 1027>4 Market St.,
j-173 — <X>nNEU cigar rtore: rent $15; will clear
$75-per month. 1027% Market st.
PMITY with S3C0 can make $25 weekly; ex-
"e*>llent proposition. Box 2CC9. Call office.
l*on sale— Saloon and restaurant; cheap. Call
831 Howard st.
vcR sale — Saloon with lease. Apply 200 Ninth
st.. from 10 to X.
— TTSIS-SS CHAKCES— Continued. I
A ~ CAa i-5? OX & C °— Pnone So" 111 105 <>- i
it * t - dd *' 8t - cor. Market and Powell. f
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale— Wcll-furnlehed and equipped country
tiotel; J»3 rocms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through- ;
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow- i
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wiuits to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy, j
First-class saloon downtown; 2 blocks from
Market st.; rent $75; well fitted up; leceipts
$1S to $25 per day; must be sold on Recount
1 ™ her buslnc *8; Price $1000. CAMEHUN j
& CO.. .
First-class short -order restaurant downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to ;
$SO per day; fine opportunity to get Al prop-
os.tion reasonable; best of reason for selling. I
CAMERON & CO. j
For sale— First-class bazaar and cigar busi- !
t.pss; Al location, long lease, cheap re" t:
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17 j
y.Mrs; fine new stock of goods: has never <
changed hands; now clearing $:!50 and over '
per month; best reason for selling: an op- !
l>crtucity of a lifetime. See CAMERON & j
CO - ~x\
Harners and saddlery shep, well located; rer.t
$12; well stockod: fine wax machine; all
t*?nch tocls: everything goes; price $1000;
more than value In tight: retiriug from busi- I
nets. CAMERON & CO.
Here is an opiortunity of getting one of the
best groceries! and bars in city; fine transfer i
comer; downtown and dcing big busines; '
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; receipts average
$1SCO to $2000 per month; never changed ,
hands; best of reason for Belling. CAMERON |
tCO. "I
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAME- i
RON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. •."-;
For s«le — Several good business propositions for |
investors, such as cigar stores, groceries and
barn, bakeries, furnishing goods, merchan-
dise, country hotels, restaurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;. 1
would be pleased to have you call and Inspect j
our list. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. !
For sale — First-class downtown cigar store; '
doing good business but disagreement of }
partners cause cf **le. CAMERON & CO. j
$125— BRANCH bakery, notions; rent $12. =
$275 — Branch bakery, notions; rent $15. ,
$450 — Candy. Icecream parlor; rent $1225.
$1800 — Grocery and saloon; lease: rent $15. '
$200 — Cigar stands; best street: rent $25. j
$350 — 14-room lodging-house; rent $42 50. !
EAGLE REALTY. 230 Kearny St.. rooms 1-2. !
IF you want a bargain, call on the Eagle, 230
Kearny st.. rooms 1 and 2.
ONE of the best pawnbroker's establishments
in the State for sale on easy terms; owner j
retiring from business.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market St.. room 419. I
J. B. OBERLE. W. 'H. MASSEY. '
EAGLE REALTY OFFICE.
230 Kearny st.. rooms 1-2. Phtme Black 6694. '
$3500 — SALOON boarding-house, 31 room*; es- I
\ tablished 20 years; never offered for sale be-
fore; rent $00; lease 3 years. 230 Kearny. j
A MONEY- MAKING variety store at a genu-
ine bargain; owner has been appointed to
manage large business and must leave Oak-
land; will cell half (or all) part cash, part j
time, or trade for real estate. P. O box I
1C2, Oakland. ':
$550 — PARTNER wanted in saloon and restau- '
rant: cook preferred; a money-maker. 1C27>4
Market St. " !
I
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap- j
ply San Francisco Cull office.
A BRANCH of nee of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements ana subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
— M
A A
R r 1
i I
0 o
N N
MARION GRIFFIN,
G Room 406. Examiner bldg. G
R Telephone Black 3607. R
1 • Free List of I
F Hotels and Rooming-houses. F
F We Guarantee Titles. • k
I We have money to lend. I
N Come and see us. - X
—HAVE A—
—HIGH-CLASS PROPOSITION—
— for some enterprising lady or gentleman —
— of education and refinement —
— new and modern, house of 08 rooms —
— partially furnished — fine furnishings —
— Think of my rent. ?5 per room —
— 5-rear lease —
— House should clear $."100 monthly —
—Price $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN is my only agent.
— WE—
/ —ESPECIALLY—
—RECOMMEND TO YOU —
— a 37-room house In a fine location —
— I blocks north of Merket st. —
— Swell entra-ace —
i — Elegantly furnished, right up to the hour —
• — Steam heat; hot and cold water —
■ — Near good restaurants —
— Necessary cash, $1500.
; MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent—
______
— w© will show you —
— a reliable little 12-room house near —
— The Emrwrlum —
Price $400; rent $-TO; cleared $47 monthly
— for last 9 j-ears.
I MARION GRIFFIN, room 40ti. Examiner bldg.
birr."* —READ THIS— 1.
I C— STORY OF a partially furnished house — 2
3. —"A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME"— S.
l|4. ;C —As told In this ad of IS lines— 4.
; 5. — We want to sell— ~ 5.
6. — An acartment house of 150 rooms — 6
7. —Profit steadily fVM monthly— 7.
8. — It's very expensively furnished — 8.'
9. — Price $7500. A great bargain — 9.
I 10. • — Long l«a?e. Rent $750. 10. ■
II." — You only need $2000 In cash — 11.
I 12. — We promise to arrange balance — 12
I 13. —Respectfully. MARION GRIFFIN— Vi.
I 14. —P. S.— 14.
1 15. — If you do not know — 15.
' 1«. — Our reputation — 16.
■ 17. — We shall gladly give you — 17.
; 18. —BANK REFERENCES— 18.
I — — — ———————————__——____ _.
ANY reasonable offer buys a 45-room ■
house nicely located north of Market;
rent $15O: clears $175; books onen
for examination.
MAKION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
—SNAP IT QUICK—
— ltt rooms for $500 —
— NE. corner flat —
— North of Market— nicely located —
— Don't "think" too lone.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bldg..
Corner 3d and Market.
—SLAUGHTER SALE—
— 21 rooms on Market tt. — t
— Beautifully furnished and fine entrance^ —
Splendid location. If *ou have $500 to pay
: down make your offer to s
I _^ MARION GRIFFIN.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale. He says:
"Get roe an offer on that house.' It must
be v sold. There are 30 rooms, 27 of them
have bay-windows. The furniture is line.
Profit $200 monthly."
— Long lease.
MARION GRIFFIN, office at Examiner bldg..
— Corner 3d and Market.
— PRIVATE *
—SANATORIUM—
-.—Yes a . new corner house —
— Centrally located —
— Quite beautifully furnished —
— Now full of r>ennanent roomers —
— But ■ well adapted — ,
— for purposes of a sanatorium —
— Call before Chrirtmas.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Examiner bldg.,
—Cor. 3d and Market
—22 ROOMS—
— Near EUls and Larkin —
— Rent only $70 for 22 rooms —
—Same owner for 15 years; price $1100—
—Durlnr that
w — time It bas
— always cleared
— 570 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent,
. — 3d and Market!
MITCHELL. & CO..
1200 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 2981.
Rooming and apartment-houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed. *
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
A— 16 ROOMS: O'Farrell: rent $S0; for ..$1100
21 rooms; Post; rent $90; only.. ......$1200
We absolutely guarantee titles.
j± 52 rooms: new apartments; • rent only $6
per room; 2-3 rooms and bath each; this Is a
golden opportunity; see it and you will like
it. MITCHELL _ CO., exclusive agents.
31 -ROOM house In manufacturing district;
price $900. Box 1597. Call office.
FOR exchange— 27 rooms; sunny; G. G. ave.
cor.; for smaller house. Box 2749, Call. .
O'FARRELL. £20— House of : 10 rooms; just
■-* newly furnlEhed; ' for wale; a barsain. - -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER IS. 1904.
_^£OnrO-HOUSEJlJPOB^SA^Ej--COB x _ I
A— CAMERON & CO.: Phone South 1050
, 3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell. >
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances;
One of the most complete and elegantly fur-
nished tto-room straight rooming-house; 15
n:!r.utes' walk from Kearny- et.; nothing finer,
in city, combinad with elegant new modern
building; cheap rent; everyiroom occupied with
-the best clas* of people; clearing $30O per
month, and sickness is only caus« of sale; ex-
clusively with us.
Here is 14 rooms; Van Ness; furnished In j
rak and mahogany; good carpets; all full; I
clearing nice little salary every month; it is
yours at ?U0O.
First-class investment where you can earn
?24w per year on expenditure of $4500 In 46-
room house; rent only $125 per month; choice J
location on Sutter st. ; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for Etlllnc .. - - * -'
Another one; a beautifully furnished fl-room 1
flat; Sloan.- fitted It up 0 months ago and cost
considerable over $90O; think of the rent, only
$25 jier month; choice location; big snap; $400.
We have 13 bjautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on Poet nt. ; full nicest kind of room- j
eis; new and modern throughout; brings in j
nice income; furniture In oak, Wrdseye maple;
\ el vet and Axmlnster carpets; cost ?1KH> to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain; ?12OO.
12 rooms; fine block on Sutter; rent only $55;
water free; oak furniture, moquet and Brus-
sels carpets; nice little home; $700.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished,
100-room. downtown house; carpets, furniture
and draperies o^ the very best; electric lights,
steam heat; in fact, everything modern and
up to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leav-
ing city.
Big snap; 31 -room apartment-house; rent i
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing 1
?90 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $9C0.
This speaks for itself; 15 rooms, furnished In ;
onk: new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings In profit of $75 per
menth; sickness compels sale. * \
Grand, new, modern apartment- house; beau-
tiful buikiing; elegantly furnished: good long
leate with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st.; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to *t500 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
Golden opportunity to get nice 7-room flat:
rent only $40; water, garbarge and janitor
service free; mahogany and oak furniture; car-
pets body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $800;
now $450; obliged to leave city.
Here is 16 good rooms, close In, with 3 rooms
not furnished, but are ajl full and pays $50
per month above all expenses; owner taking
larger house; price $1050.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st. ; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish.
14 sunny rooms, close In; rent only $60 per
month; some new carpets; everything nice and
clean and pays well: price $900; $400 down,
balance time; a fine chance.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets: t rent only $G3; must dispose
next ten days; make offer.
First-class family hotel on Nob Hill; SO
beautifully furnished rooms; all full and doing
a good business, but must leave city; only
with <•«. ,
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of « to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold, either account of sickness or de-
parture.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade alawys on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
■ - Poone John 531.
H. C. DECKER,
■y 9o6 Market St., cor. Stockton.
Established in this city 1877.
See His Bargains.
15 r. : modern house; best location in clty.$1350
20 r. ; corner; present tenant there" 15 years
15CO
20 r. ; elegantly furnished: transient 1500
8 r. ; flat; close in; rent $30; offer wanted
450
24 r. ; Market St.; good investment 1050
21 r. ; corner; N. of Market; genuine snap
1200
16 r.; Post St.; rooms well rented 1100
16 r.; on one floor; transient; rent $S0. . 000
8 r. ; Mission St.; good" buy .400
10 r.; modern flat; McAllister st. ; eee it. 600
120 r.; modern hotel; first-class location.12.C00
05 r.; Ueary st.; modern hotel; clears $250
„ 5000
10r.; house: new furniture 600
BO r. ; always rented; clears $400 5oO
190 r. ; clears $750; only $5000 cash needed
lMSr.; apartment; clears $4<X> month 7500
12 r. ; offer wanted immediately; must sell.
Or.; near new Postoffice 375
150 r. ; new apartment-house; offer wanted.
lS>r.; rent $75; only $250 cash 750
24 r. ; all light and sunny; rent $60 140<>
26 r. ; Market st. ; snap 2500
25 r.; up-to-date hotel; swell location.. 3200
20 r. ; genuine bargain; Turk st .inoo
9 r. ; McAllister st. ; modern flat 300
27 r. ; clears $150; downtown 225<>
40-r. house; only 24CO
1 ft- r. house; new furniture 600
27-r. house on Post st 200<>
25 r.; rent S60; choice location 1600
j 15 r. ; near Stockto* and Sutter sts 1200
8r.; sunny corner; north of Market st. 4iK)
100 r.; always rented; clears $400 S5O0
15.1 r. ; Just furnished; clears big money.
16 r. ; no work; reduced to 1. 100
103 r.; apartment; clears MOO a month.. 8000
12 r. ; reduced; owner sick 5y<>
ISO r. ; new apartment-hoUse; offer wanted.
12 r. ; Turk and Taylor sts.; transient.. 750
20 r.: transient; close to theaters lf«o
19 r.; rent $75; only $250 cash 750
10 r.; EUls; elerant furniture & carpets 000
14 r. ; new furniture & carpets; bargain. 850
15 r. ; Larkin st.; sunny corner MO
37 r.; Ellis; st.; nice location; elegant.. 400O
7-r. flat: Fifth St.; clears $30 2.V*
; 11 r.; O'Farrell st.; close in 550
7-r. flat; Ellis st.: only ' 250
1 20 r. : Third St.; rent $50 500
Please call at my office for prices and loca-
tions of these and many other choice houses-
all bargains; also bargains in real estate, busi-
ness places, exchanges, etc.
H. C. DECKER, 900 Market Bt, cor. Stockton.
LODGING-HOUSE near Geary and Jones st*.
Very cenfral; will sell reasonable. Box 1496
I Call office:
WELL furnished 14-room house can be secure*
for $600 cash if purchased to-day, or will
trade. Address 242 Post st.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 18 rooms. 834
Folsom st.
j UPPER flat, finished attic; modern: 16 rooms;
rent SCO. Corner Laguna and O'Farrell sts.
C-AIEVOYAKTS.
A— EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY '
To Consult
richard Mayo
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one -word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa-
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs'*
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections)
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wlfo
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you, and how to DE-
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM.,' THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.^.
Pe'rmanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st. — 421X— Ellis st.
Hours — 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
TEMPLE OF OCCULT SCIENCE.
Astral life readings, sittings.
Mediums developed In thirty days.
Diseases healed by occult power; either pres-
ent or at a distance. .
Can aid you to obtain your desires; your
magnetic force tested free.
1015 Sutter St.. San Francisco. '
$10 readings this week J2.
Afternoon and evenings.
livingstone, •
the occult wonder.
for a reliable. intelligent clair-
voyant reading, consult
Livingstone.
five reception parlors. lady at-
tendant. 26% kearny st.
attention — ' . ™
mrs. dr. clark.
Tne well-known medium 1 and * clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed; she will show ycu how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future; satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. - 343 Geary st. ' -
MME. KRONENBERG, palmist."^ clairvoyant,
card reader: ■ when , others fail ; try. me; ; re ad-
iings 25:. 524 O'Farrell st.;l tel. ■; Red 6537.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant; card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. ll'S 6th St., rooms 1-2.
C— AIBVOYAITTS — Contin aed.
MRS. LYNX.
2.'!9 Powell st.. parlors 1 and 2. the natural
born Occult Medium. of the Orient, will give
her famous %'i. psychic and clairvoyant rtad-
ings this wet It for 50c.
Mrs. Lynn has Just returned from her tour
of the Orient'; sne is well known in San
Francisco, having lived h<=.re and practiced
her - wonderful gift and power of clairvoy-
ance for years.
Wonderful euros have been performed in
San Francisco through her advice. Net long-
ago h lady living on Jackson street wai ad-
vised by the most eminent physicians of thij
city to have an operation performed In order
to save her life. Mrs. Lynn diagnosed her
case and told her to not allow any operation
and advised' her what to do. The lady got
well under her Instructions and Is a living
testimony to her wonderful powers.
She gives you accurate information en al!
affairs of business, lover or marriage.
. Find -out what the future has in s=tore for
you— if you will succeed In your business;
if advisable to change, travel. Invest, sell,
etc.
Ascertain how your, investments will turn
out: how to bettor your condition; how to
bucceed In all undertakings.
Find out about your absent friends or
relatives; about sickness, death, papers, law,
legacies, treasure — in ehcrt, no' matter what
you wish to know, call at once.
. "If the mere telling of your name or the
names of friends and enemies will satisfy
you. I will do so. What is more Important
to serious people is what to do or what to
expect regarding present or future affairs,
and In such matters you will bs tpld exactly
what you may expect and the condition of
any one or anything miles away."
No charge unless you obtain the informa-
tion for which you call.
EXTRAORDINARY ANNOUNCEMENT..
MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis st.
For this week Miss Wllle will give special
life readlns for %\i Special . offer is made to
Introduce myself to those who need the assist-,
ance of one with a nower to foresee their
future and advice to success and happiness. I
positively refuoe to accept money for a reading
unless you ar? sat'sSed that I nosress a pow-
er nuperiuv to clairvoyants, mediums, etc.: my
I work is life reading of the highest class. Many
1 a bui»:nes3 man have I assisted In making his
daily toil:-, complicated business transactions
or ;>leasure about all profitable. Many a Iov-
1 ers' ouarrel have I settled and all parties
I concerned made glaa cf their domestic ex-
lstf-nce. If you are in doubt of any nature
whatever, why not call and consult me? Let-
ters and recommendations from the best peo-
ple In the city as to ability; if you are in
trouble cf any kind, or want to be successful,
I call at once. Miss Willc can help you. Hours,
10 to 8 v. m. Phone Hyde 1807.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, is located at 17 Third
St., near Market. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate descript'on of the past,
present and. future: greatest living adviser on
all affairs In life; as a proof of her psychic
power she will tell you what you called for
FREE of charge; ?5 reading this week, $1;
satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. LANGE. the only one who can he'.p you
In your greatest troubles; genuine- Gypsy
sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader; con-
! vlnce yourself of her skill; 25c upward:
shows the picture of future husband cr wife.
3S Turk st.. near. Taylor; hours from 10 to S
and Sundays.
ISMAR, Egyptian seerees. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening, 0 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present future;- 1. -50c: g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life rea.1. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St.. clalrvoyani,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given: $1; hour^. 10 to 8.
I MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted, clair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage. 'business, etc.; L. 50c;
G. $1; hours 10 to fl; names. 714 Franklin at.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
SFIBITU^AI.ISM^
ELSIE REYNOLDS will meet friends Thurs-
day evening; close with seance; no fee. 782
EUls.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
FREE test this week only by Mme. Eilcrs-
ficken. the original gypsy. 1035 Market st.
C. MAYO STrERS. trance medium. 305 Lar-
kin, room 49; readings 1 to 5: tel. South 319.
lins. CUINDLE'S materializing seance Sun-
day eve., 50c. 782 Ellis St., S o'clock.
PHOF. FRED EVANS, noted slat?-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Pcott 8S7.
PA-MIST— Y.
MME. DEVAS. palmist and astrologer, Roose-
velt bldg.. 540 Sutter St.; hours. 10 to 5.
CARPET BEATIKO A~O CLSAHIITQ.
COMPHESSEIJ r^lp^d^^cuunri?roc«ss"used*
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned liy compressed
«lr at shop; • prices moderate. S. F.^Com-
presged Air Cleaning Co.. 3CS Market st.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. ,
WHEN you btcome disgusted with your work
send for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing wcrks, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South -40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1800 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAOE-
DORN & -CO.; phone Mission 225.
COUNTRY newspaper properties for sale:
dally, weekly. W. F. CORNELL & CO., 518
Sacramento st.'
j G1SSLOW does the best carpet -clean ing and
j furniture moving. 608 Larkin st. ; phone
I East 745.
I MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.— Flrst-clasi
j carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM, & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason St.— ClothTng
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
J L^—^C— OTKIITO — -ITO7ATHTQ.
SUITS "cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
<»£<S:*Ing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
• W«f f Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
IQAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made ;
' .TjiV cr countrv. Pacific Collection Co., 413
'■■»• Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 55S0.
deessmakees act3 seamstres3es.
McDowell dressmaking
and millinery school.
,, McDowell system of drf asmnkihs awarded
'gold medal at St. Louis Exiwsltion; practical
bUFinetis course In millinery; any pattern cut
to measure; special rates for here. 1010 Market.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
DRESSMAKER wants engagements In private
families; price $1 75 per day. 1852 Ellis st.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button arid buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— -Cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; filllngs.SOc;
plates, $5; full Bet; all > work painless and
warranted Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eieventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
* made; old plates" made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c: gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;flllings.25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c: silver, 35c; crowns. $2: no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4,lst
floor, Phelan bid. ,800 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary St.
"- to corner Sutter st. ■ and Grant ave.
EDUCATIONAL
A— THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
., professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions 6ecured; day, eve. 723 Market,
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' , building.
NOTICE— Any. one; desiring to become master
of their own 'destiny and become an initiate
the -Cabala, for Information, The Philo-
sophical' Pub. Co.. 1420 Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st.. S. F. ; civil, mining," electrical, steam
. and gas engineering. ; Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; ' new, . large rooms;
: perfect light; all graduates are 'getting post-
X t Ions. S. ; F.; Business College. 738 Mission , st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay,, cyanide; day.' eve. ; est." 1864.-- Vao
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr.' City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, : Eng.. Math., etc. ; r day and
: ' eve. ; : Individual ' lnstr. •-> 305 ■ Larkin : st..'- Prof.
i ■;. T.'; A. ' Robinson; , former pres. "■ Pac. I Bus.". Col.
HEALD'S . BUSINESS COLLEGE. • 24 1 Post st
--;-" Established ..' 1SG3; . largest ' In the ; West ; - an-
nual ; enrollment 10CO; eeai ■ for circulars.
EPTTCATIcmA—— Continued.
THE SAN FRANCISCO
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st
Was established Dec. 10, 1805, and is now
entering on Its ICth year: It Is the oldest In-
stitution of the kind In California, and thou-
sands of graduates of this college are. to-day
earning a good income, either on salary, per-
centage or aa their own boss.
Mr. W. H. • Dunnagan, the proprietor, is
always alert. and has kept pace with all the
latest appliances- in the tonsorial line; he
has lately added to the school an electtical
face massage machine for massaging the
face and scalp. ■
Ladies and gentlemen are taught the art
■ of batbering and halrdressing In 8 weeks.
Uy our new method students are given an
opportunity to almost make the amount of
their tuition before leaving tho college. The
only barber college in the world whers stu- j
dents have an income from the beginning. ,
Don't fail t o 1 call and Inspect our college
when In San Francisco. \ «
Send for our . catalogue.
ALL Eng. and com. branches. $5 mo.; 47 Ies-
rons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any, posi-
tion; indlv. Instruc. West. Bus.Col-.1281 Mkt.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journalism
; meet on Men., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.. 333
I Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
' EACH person answering this ad by December
1 31 'will receive free one month's lessons on;
; piano or mavdolin. Box 2220. Call.
PIANO, harmony lessons by Al London gradu-
. ate; thorough artistic training; pupils visited. :
I »05 McAllister st.
! A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 002 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres-.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market »t. Send for catalogue.
SPANISH classes and private: fifth successful
i year of teaching. PROF. MAYA. 427 Sutter.
1 PRIVATE lessons in telegraphy; rapid success
; assured to students. 240 Scctt. nr. Halght.
SCHOLARSHIP in Polytechnic BusintS3 Col-
j lege for rale. Inquire 2151 Grove. Oakland.
i G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar.
: mandolin, banjo. 522 Ed&y 8U
- KENT Law. School; open evenings. Room 536,
i Parrott building.
j BOOKKEEPING — Save time, gain knowledge,
j with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR,' mandolin and .plar.o, $3 per month;
ivocal Hessons $1. 828 Halght st.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posl-
I ticn?, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
! ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
j man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
! SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
| sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION -Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
-MP-OYM-NT OPPIOSS.
1 A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. 1MURA, 830 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese- help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYmiirr wahtep- temale.
I A TYPEWRITER desires work at home; ac-
I curate. Box 2550, Call.
j .
! MILLINERY trimmer wants position. 272ft
j Sixteenth st.
! A LADY would like a baby to nurse. • Box
j L'560. Call office.
j A LADY would like temporary housework.
j 420, Grove. St.
! YOUNG lady wishes place as nurse; some ex-
! perience. Box 2534. Call. '
! MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work In room-
ing-house or housekeeping rooms in ex-
change for work. Box 2535. Call.
I A YOUNG lady desires a position as stenog-
i rapher. Box £527, Call. '
! A YOUNG lady desires position as a book-
j keei*r. Box 2528. Call.
A YOUNG lady desires position as stenog-
I rapher. Box 2530. Call.
[ GIRL wants position ns nurse. 632 Eleventh
j avenue. ' *
WOMAN wants work by the day. 1534 Eddy
street. '. . " ■ '•.''■.
I GIRL wishes position as bookkeeper. Box
C53l\ Call office.
A 'STRONG woman wishes day work, house
and window cleaning. 711 Webster st.
PLAIN sewing done. 7 Wheat st.
1'LAIN scwlns neatlv done; children's clothes
a specialty. 918 Folsom St., near Fifth.
j COMPETENT Get man woman wishes work by
; the day, washing, ironing and cleaning, $1. 50
day. Box 2577, Calh %
F.XPERIENCED nurse In confinement would
like engagements; thoroughly competent to
take full charge of patient and child. MRS.
BULL. 318 Fell st.
PLAIN and fancy sewing done. Apply 1505
Baker Bt.. near Sutter.
j ~ j T, "1 "
SITUATION as a tallorpss. 102 Austin ave.
A YOUNG lady wants position in
wages ?25. Box 2551, Call office.
GIP.L~wants to take care of a baby. ' 522%
Howard st. '_ "" - ' ■■ ■
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a
few more engagements by the day; first-
class cutter and fitter; terms reasonable.
Box 2003. Call office. - ~_
FIRST-CLASS cook^wants situation; tfest ref-
erence. 2852 Folsom st. '
I GERMAN lady wishes position as useful com-
panion to!ady ; >k£dj^s^Jjox_2587._Call____
YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier. Ad-
dress 2329 Market st.
! MOTHER and son want place as cook and
heli>er in logging cr mining camp: both good
workers. Address box 2002. Call office.
I WOMAN~want3 plain sewjng by piece or day.
j - 3555 Fourth- st. * __
! j^ YOUNG girl wants housework. 8 Juniper.
1 YOUNG German girl of 23, Just over from the
old country, wishes position In refined fam-
ily where she can learn to read and write.
j Address box 2525. Call office. .
t PLAIN sewins wanted. 414 % Webster at.
! WOMAN wants mending to do by ths day.
! 111A Sliver st. • •
\ SITUATION as "a cook. 45 Sharon st.
PLAIN sewing wanted by seamstress. 1 371
1 . Ivy ave. ; ■-
; GIRL wi?hes to Uarn millinery trade. Apply
1532 Eddy at.
WOMXN wants work by th» day. washing or
housecleaning. Apply at 305 Minna st.
YOUNG girl wants position to assist with
! housework. Box 2CT.3. Call. V .:
' POSITION 'wanted as saleslady In department
j store. Apply 317 Jessie st.
I YOUNG girl wants position to do plain house-
! work. Box 25C7. Call. „ ■ •
LADY -wishes to do plain sewing. 626 Mont-
i somcry st.
A DRESSMAKER, exoerlenced, would like a
few more engagements- by the day; terms
ieasonable. Box 2736, iCall office.
YOUNG lady would like general office work.
Box -7V>, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER— Beginner wr.nts a few
hours' work each day. Box 2793. Call office.
EXPERIENCED stenoerapher desires posi-
tion. Box 271)0. Call office.
COMPETENT laundress and house cleaner
wants work by the ' day; references. • Box
'2722. ' Coll ■ office. s
' WANTED— Situation as dressmaker. ■ Box 2649,
Call office. ; . "". '•-•.'. '-.'.- .'•
HOUSEKEEPER wants position. Box 2C30,
Call office. . ._-• • ■ . -- ' ' -
STENOGRAPHER wents niece work. Phone
-John 61S1. . " ■
GOOD cook -.wishes position: city or country;
best of references. 621 Sansome St., upstairs.
COMPETENT j stenographer desires a position
with law firm. Box 2023, Call. 7 \ ,
I WANTED— Position as housekeeper. 76S Har-
| • •, riFOn st."-- ' ■ . , . '"■•■■.."
' WANTED— Home dressmaking. 1C20 Castro
•; 'street. • - •
STRONG -woman wants general ; housework;
-^fond of children. Address 540 Halght St..
WANTED^-Sltuatlon\;as sakslady In candy
'; ■ -.stor-.':- Box 2C58, Call. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman; light housework ; good
" home the object.'-, 27B Laskle at., off Mission,
fcet. Eighth and - Ninth.
—HP— QT—E5T W_t_— T«m _•— Con '
HAIRDRESSER wants work. , 019 Mow- 1
«rd st. _ 1
WANTED— Position as cashier in restaurant;
experienced; references. Box 2631. CalL ;
WANTED— Position as companion to lady. Box
2642. Call. \
WOMAN wants work by the day. 327 How- [
ard st. • I
A COMPETENT cook wishes position; city or
country; best references. 418 Powell st.; tel.
Main 5332. - * ■
BY young ' woman, plain sewing by the day.
Box 2729. Call office.
1 !
I LADY wishes to do millinery work at home. I
j Addresa 715 McAllister st. j
! COMPETENT working housekeeper desires |
sttaatlon; experienced. Address box 2S31, j
Call office. 'j
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by the I
day or at home: charges reasonable. Address
MISS J., Ill Frankllnst.
DRESSMAKING at home by first-clans dress-
maker, or will go out by the day. 629 Lib-
erty fiT. - ■ • '
PROFESSIONAL nurse desires engagements;
beet care of Invalid.' Address ,X, 631 Golden
Gate ave.^
SITUATION wanted as waitress. Address box
2708. Call office. ■
A YOUNG lady (thoroughly experienced sten-
ographer in mercantile work) desires post-
1 tlon with wholesale house. Box 2711. Call.
WAITRESS wishes a lunch Job in restaurant.
Addrets box 2SW). Call office.
WANTED — Position as stenographer. Box 2720,
Call office.
A LADY wants work by the day. Box 2795,
I Call office. •
A GIRL' wants to- do wcrk after-school. Box
2790. Call office. - ~-
STRONG woman wants work of any kind by
the day. 49 Chesley st.
SKIRTMAKER want* work. 448 Grove st.
HOUSEKEEPER wants pcsltion. 442U Sixth
street. - .
A GIRL wants position In office. Box 2369,
Call office.
WANTED — Situatldh as seamstress. Address
box 2C65, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants work. 426 Grove st.
HAIRDRESSER wants work. 1222 Howard
strset.'
WANTED — A position as chambermaid. Box
2681. Call office. ';'.• .-■'.
A COMPETENT woman would like 3 or 4 days
in a week for cleaning. or laundry work. 67*
Folsom st.
A WOMAN wants housework by the day or
hour. ■• Address box 2695. Call office. * - -.;•-
YOUNG lady would like - to assist In office.
1763 Bush st.
WASHING and cleaning by the day; $1 50 and
carfare. Box 2669. Call office. ..
YOUNG lady would like position In candy-
store or bakery, evenings. Box 2604, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 192C Market
street. — -
WANTED — Position as contralto in church
choir. Box 60, 305 Larkin St.- /
WOMAN will do housework by the day. Call
725% Broadway.
GIRL wishes place as bookkeeper. Box 2731,
Call
SWEDISH hotel cook des'.res situation, city or
country: $40. MISS DILLON. 31ft Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants housekeeping or
cooking; city or country. Box 0500-, Call.
AMERICAN girl, position as cook in American
family. Address M. S.. 1248 EUls St. __^
ALL around, j first-class cook woufil like place
In hotel or restaurant. 616?« Natoma st.
COMPETENT girl wants situation for general
housework. Call between 9 a. m. and 2 p.
m., 331 Fourth ave. . . -
LADY wishes to work a few hours a day.
MRS. M. LERTH, 604 Jessie st.
LADY desires to do housework: best of refer-
ences obtained. Box 2735, Call.
GERMAN girl wants upstairs work. 143 Mis-
si on^st^^ .
WOMAN wants sewing to do. A., box 2725.
Call office.
SITUATION as a talloms. 43 Sharon st.
CAPABLE woman would manage apartment
house. Box 2297, Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; best of
references.^ Box 2748. Call. -.- V_' .
! COMPETENT, experienced stenographer de-
sires position; best of references. Box 2747,
f Call office. '
[WANTED by a young lady, position as col-
lector; good references. Address box 2689.
Call office.
A DRESSMAKER wishes work home or go
out by the day. Box 2764, Call.
PLAIN . sewing done. MRS. FREMONT, 425
Valencia st. ■ -
AN ; experienced dressmaker wishes engage-
ments. Address box 2681, Call.
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements by the day;
$1 50. 67 Rlchland ave.; phone Capp 2856.
SEWING neatly done. Ill Franklin at.
LIKE any work by the day. Box 2755, Call
office. ' . ■ . 7
PROFESSIONAL nurse wishes work by the
day or part of day; specialist in diet; water
treatment: massage; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress 1422 Geary St.; tel. Pine 3259.
A COMPETENT woman would like general
housework.' cleaning or washing by the day.
Address box 2754. Call office.
WOMAN wants housework by the day. 9
Rltch st. ■ ' '
NURSE wants position to care for invalid.
81 Shipley gt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work In fam-
ily. 208 Sixth st. ' - . - ...
WOMAN wants housecleaning by day. 23Ji
Rltch gt. »
FIRST-CLASS >cook desires situation; good
reference. Box 2757. Call office.
STRONG, reliable, experienced chambermaid
wants position, hotel, boarding-bouse or
private.- 1558 Polk st.
WANTED-^-Sltuatlon as nurse girl in small
family. EDNA NELSON. 215 Sixth st.
j LADY wants sewing by the day. 832 Turk st.
t QUICK and Intelligent young lady wishes posi-
tion In office; no stenographer; writes excel-
1 lent business hand. Please call or addrejs.
stating terms, 861% Greenwich st.
POSITION as housekeeper; country preferred.
Box 2768. Call. ' ■
A *WOMAN wants housework by the day. Ad-
dress box 27C7. Call office.
WANTED— A sritt'ation as a milliner. 1116
Stockton =t. • ' -
' SITUATION : wanted as millinery maker.- Send
answers, box 2772, Call office.
CHILDREN'S dret s:s and plain sewing. MRS.
HASS. 16 Gerenanla st.
A WOMAN wants to do housework by the day.
Box 2106. Call office.
" A FIRST-CLASS cook. Scandinavian, wants
work in family or restaurant by the day.
106 Eleventh st.
SEWING by the day. 533 Grove st.
WOMAN wants work by th« day; best of refer-
ences. 9C9 Howard. tt."
WOMAN wlshrs housework by th* day or nurs-
ing. 725 Brannan st.. bet. 6th and 7th.
, GERMAN girl wishes place to take care of
\ children or second work. Box 26S3, Call.
A SITUATION wanted by an American lady to
wait on an - Invalid . and do short housework
and a little cooking. . Box 2700. Call office.
■ YOUNG- woman wishes position as seamstress.
Box.'JGDO, Call office.
WORK- by-day or week wanted. Addresw .115
■ '. Howard st. .
YOUNG lady wishes position as reception lady
■ in photograph gallery or doctor's office. Box
; 27S4. Call, office. .
■ YOUNG lady, refined and ' experienced, desires
r , position to do office work or as cashier. Box
, 2784,- Cr.ll efflce.- •
I DRESSMAKING In families on ladles' and
, I children's clothes; $1 35 per day. Box 2123,
1 Call office.
EMPIiO"7— CEITT WAHTEB— P«n_ •— Con
A LAHY 'wishes position . as bookkeeper or
stenographer. Box 2CS3. Call office.
WOULD like to learn millinery. Box 2733;
Call -office.
YO1 "NG woman wants work as chambermaid,
city. . Address box 2290. Call office.
POSITION as housekeeper for roomlng-hous* v
or hotel. • Address box 27S1, Call .office.
YOUNG lady wants sewing by the day. Box
2779. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as stenographer.
Box 2283. Call office.
POSITION as chambermaid. $S week. Ad-
dress box 2287. Call office.
COLORED lady would Ilk? washing- and Iron-
Ing to do at home. MRS. MORROW. 2333
Greenwich »t.
YOUNG lady, position as stenographer; $15
per week. Box 2119. Call office.
POSITION as housekeeper in hotel. Addresa
Box 2121. Call office.
BOOKS to keep at night; very reasonable.
Box 2123. Call office.
HOUSEWORK wanted. - 651 Sterner.
A RELIABLE 1 woman for bousecleaning or
cooking Fridays and Saturday each week.
Box 2277. Call office.
WANTED- Light housework. Call 517 Ho— -
ard st.
WOULD like position at general housework.
Call 067 MJnna st.
WANTED— Sewing by the day. S3S Howard.
YOCNG woman ' wants work by day. washing
' Ircnlng or housncleanlng. Box 2127. Call.
MOTHER and son want work as cook and
helper. In country; references. Address J.
„.. box 2131. Call.
WANTE!>— General housework; good plain
cook. S72 Mission st.
HAIRDRESSER desires few more private cus-
tomers; shampooing.- dyeing and bleaching;
references. Box. 2133. Call.
WANTED — Position as stenographer. Box 2120.
Call office.
LADY wants plain sewing during school hours.
Box 2133, Call.
SITUATION by young "woman: care of invalid;
no objection to travel. Call 743 Howard st.
WANTED — Posttlcn as seamstress; first-class
references. Box/2144, Call.
LAD/ wishes position as nurse. 1045 Valen-
cia st.
WANTED — Day work by experienced woman:
washing, cleaning and cooking; any kind of
day work. Call at 029 Larkin st.
WANTED— By girl, position in millinery store.
Box 2244. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 1763 Fif-
teenth st^ _^^^_^^^^^^_^
WANTED — Position as stenographer by youns
lady. Box 2145. Call.
BOOKKEEPER wants position. Box 2136.
Call office.
WANTED— Writing to do at home. Box 2232.
Call office.
WANTED — Position as cook in a country
hotel. 103 Russ st.
WOMAN wants position as child's nurse. 282
Eleventh ave.
WANTED— Position as typewriter. Box 2230.
Call office.
SITUATION an dressmaker. Apply 318
Guerrero st., San Francisco.
OPERATOR wants position; best of references.
Box 22tz;. Call office. '
A SWEDISH clrl desires work: city, country;
*23: 3 years: references. Address box 2261.
Call office.
A WOMAN want? work by the day, washing
- and Ironing; $1 fiO and carfare. 226O. Call.
POSITION wanted as apprentice for millin-
ery- Box 2273. Call office.
A WOMAN would like plain sewing at home.
Call 9 Tehama st.
A SWEDISH cook and laundress desires sit-
uation; city, country. Address 226S, Call.
SEAMSTRESS would like work. Address box
2177, Call office.
A POSITIOX as bookkeeper. 765 Harrison st.
A POSITION as housekee~»r. 759 Harrison st.
GIRL desires office work. Box 2136. Call of-
fice.
NURSE will take any case at $10 per week.
MRS. LOUIS, 1530 Buena Vista ave., Ala-
meda. Cal. ,
SITUATION as a talloress. 433 Greenwich
street.
POSITION as a housekeeper. 1422 Folaora
street.
GIRL wants work during vacation. Box 2084.
Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
housecleaning; $1 50 and carfare. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
YOUiNG woman wants to work out by the day;
good worker. Phone Black 4641.
EXPERIENCED stenographer: understands
telephone exchange. Box 2C82. Call.
WOMAN would like position as cook in private
family; best of references. Box 2CS«. Call.
RESPECTABLE, middle-aged lady, desirlns
quiet home, would like housekeeping. MRS.
"W.-B. H.. 730 Fifth St.. Santa Rosa.
GERMAN woman wants washing, irontnr and
housecleaning by the day. Call 2SO Harriet
St.. In rear.
POSITION as seamstress In family. 267 S*a
Jose ave.
A YOUNG woman wishes a position at light
housework. Box 2147. Call office.
A YOUNG lady wants place as housekeeper.
Address box 2254. Call office. . ■
DRESSMAKER wishes engagement by the day.
family sewing or work with dressmaker.
Box 22C6, Call office.
A STENOGRAPHER desires position; refer*
ences. Box 2187. Call office.
A YOUNG lady wants position as companion
to elderly lady. Box 2188. Call office.
LADY wishes housework. Box 2189. Call of-
_ac*. . ;
LADY would like to do dressmaking by the
day. Box 2224. Call office.
A RELIABLE woman wants general house-
work; Is a good plain cook. Address box
2191. Call office. '
STENOGRAPHER wants position; best of ref-
erences. Box 2262. Call office.
RESPECTABLE young lady with 5-year-old
boy would like position as housekeeper. K.
P. W., 2312 Railroad ave.. Alameda.
HONEST woman wants to assist In general
at dinner parties Sundays or evenings. 711
Webster. ' . \
WOMAN wants work by the day. 230 Xtt
avenue. \
1 FIRST-CLASS French cook wishes situation In
I American family; good references. Box 2007,
' Call efflce. Bfc_l
■ ________ _ — — — — - — — — —
! WANTED— By middle-aged Protestant woman,
I situation: private family: good home mor«
I than high wages. Address box 2008. Call.
j WANTED — To take gents' washing; will call
for and deliver. 3275 Harrison.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker: lately from Europe;
i rates reasonable. 828 Howard st.
A YOUNG lady wishes position as nurse. 6S3
Eleventh ave.. East Oakland.
WORK denlred by one: refined, capable: c*r»
of rooming-house or Malst few hours daily.
Box 2151. Call offlc*.
t NORTH German middle-aged governess wishes
!■ to take care of children for few hours or
i evenings; good German teacher: references;
' wages moderate. Address box 2152. Call.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position;
! Densmore .operator. Box 2197. Call
WOMAN wishes washing by the day. Box
211K5. C*!l office. .
■
GIRL wishes housework. Box 2103. Call.
EXPERIENCED Parisian dressmaker would
like a few more day engagement*: perfect
, work guaranteed; $2 per day. Box 2310.
Call office. _.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position ■ aa
housekeeper. Box 216S. Call.
WANTED — A position as dressmaker. MRS.
JACOBS. 748 Fe'.l st.
For Additional Classified AdterUsc-
jncnts See Page 63,
6162
_MF_O ____ETT •WA-TTEP — Female— Con
CO-£Pi;T£NT iiurjw -Ai^hes »nft_sement*. i'fn-
fmtrcrat. invalid?: cheerful. painstaKhi-.
re!i»bie- reft r— ecs; moderate terms. MRS.
KING. U19 Turk st
XOUX- lefiy ftenosraphcr desires position In
■ I.;- . Box -TS<t. Call. '
G<X>O heme <5e*ire_ with nic* people to as?!*t
*•«_ light b'jusework: competent tr> teaeb
|,is.r.o; r-r-.i-V: — ag?s. Box ;>79. Call.
flTI'ATIOK --sated *»y * reliable woman to
r.rrirr !n houpcwork; wages $5. Call 927
U__ ;in_to.T st.
ynUNO v.r>m_Ti wants work by the day. 20
JDor!_:id et.
A.—t?_TTR_SS. expereinced. wants position:
hott-1 or restaurant. 22* Mason et. : phone
BSfcric 2050^
jk 5TRONC! ycurF wc:nan wants nurtlnr or
care nt Invalid. o_4 Me«cn St.; pbo_e
Black r»6.
F7RST-CLASS American woman, cut of means,
want* to eo in jrood steady heme: wa*h
<".'.sh«fs or otfcfx light work; Is a good plain
onok: carfare. $2 60 week. Address 106','j
Th'.rd st.. room 25. first flight
A WOMAN wants wcrk by «Sar. laundrr or
r'.ea-lr.y: terms $1 £5 per dmy or 75c half
<!_y. Call or address Laundress. CS3 Har-
rison Bt. -; '.:'"-■.•
A TRAINED nur?e wlshe* position in hospital,
car* of Ir.5_ns, sick or private; have had ex-
perience; exeell-m references. Address 313
Fifth »l, Oakland.
A CAPABLE woman wishes work for Men-
day and Tuesday, washlns:; won't go out far.
Cal! 145 Twelfth st.. room S.
TWO Finnish it'.ris w~uld like a position at
frenersJ hem sewcrte. 2—2 Fremont Bt.
A GIRL wishes p'.are to take care of children
or E5sii<t in llgfct second work. Call 1 Palk.
GERMAN Eirl wants work In kitchen or any
other kind of work. 104 Fourth Ft.
nXPEP.irrNCED P_rls!an <Jr* «smaker would
like a Bew raor« day en>rs.perr.ent» : rerfect
work ruarar.teed ; 52 50 per day. Box 2313.
Call office.
V'ANTED — By colored weman. situation as
weor.d *3rl or reneral housework. _22 _aet
Fifteenth st.. Eayt Oakland.
JAPANESE Eirl war.ts position to do eooklnjr.
washing, house-— rk. $5 up a week. YOSHI.
417 Jpryg ft-: tel. Hrde 167.%.
rxcpi^) _t_xbtt ■WAarniD — -cat. _.
GERMAN. Industrious ana willing. 23. st
present ftrployed as waiter, wants to learn
bartending; town or country; $15 while learn-
ln*. Bcx _5C7, Call offlce.
POSITION war.ted as a barber. 89 Third st..
room 4.
FOPITION' as solicitor. Address box 2606.
Call ofScc.
STEWARD wants position. 281 Fourteenth
street.
BARJ5ITR wants work in short-hour ehop. 874
Howard it. ■
BOY wants job in store. 616 Ellis «t
WOTLD like work as porter. Apply HARRY
LIND. &C3 Kearny st.
BA RTENDrflTwants work! R. MURRAY. 154
Tehatna et.
WANTED — Work as waiter. J. C. 15 Third
etreet.
WANTED — Position &a salesman. Apply
KOBT. CHRISTIE. 30 Post St.
A YOUNG man wishes a portion as porter.
Bcx _5T»5. Call.
BOOTBLACK wishes position. Address 11
Gract ave. PETE.
WANTED — A place as watchman. Box 2555.
C*U office.
WANTED — Place as drug clerk. Box 2557,
Call offlce.
REXJABLB. sober man wants work as stable -
man"TT""?T;a.mster; city or country; reference.
Bcx 2547. Call.
RELIABLE mon was ts work as stableman,
teamster choreinan or general ranch hand;
reference. Box 2547. Call.
~.* ANTED — Position as errand boy. E. C, 846
Mission etT^
YOITNG man withes any kind of work. 137
Larkin st.
WANTED — A first-class drummer wishes posi-
tion in wholesale house; country preferred.
S3ti Fran—Lin St.
BARBER wants short-hour Job. Box 2553.
Call olfloe.
COOK wants position. F. JONES. 626 Jessie
Ftreet.
IiOY. 15 yearn old. would like to have a posi-
tion to leam trade or do inside work. 1770
Kan Bruno ave.
WANTED — A position a* barkeeper for Sun-
riay. M. WE1MER, 771 Howard st
YOUNG boy would like position as errand
boy. Box 2523. Ceil.
P.OY war.ts work of any kind. Box 2536. Call.
SALESMAN and collector wishes steady posi-
tion. Box 2532, Call. • ,: v
WANTED — By young- man. age 18 years, posi-
tion in office; 2^4 years' experience; can fur-
nish best of references. Box 2542, Call.
YOUNG man wants to learn a trade. Box
2541. Call office.
ERRAND boy wants poeition; knows city;
best of references. Box 2540, Call.
WANTED— Position as- porter; best of city
references. 744 Howard st.
EOY wants position running- elerator. Box
2T.37. Call office,
"-'ANTED— Situation by experienced boiler-
mak-i \ Box 2538. Call.
FURNISHING goods man wants position. 1222
Howard st.
WANTED — Position a* clerk In store for holl-
day week. Box 2533. Call.
FITOHMAKnTl wants Job. £71 Minna St
CLOTHINO salesman wants ! position. S19
Sutler rt,. room 18.
WANTED — Position as salesman; references
given. Box 2585. Call.
WANTED— A Job as porter. Box 2580, Call
office. ■ .//- :-
WANTED— X Job as Janitor. Box 2579, Call
offlce. "
A GOOD tailor — tmte a poeition. » Lanrtoa
street.
WANTED— Position as dear clerk. Box 2578.
Call offlce.
WANTED— Portion a# ci^ar clerk. 20C
OFarrell _t. room 25.
WANTED — Poe itkin as butler; references. Ad-
dregy bcx 2575. Call offlce.
EXTT7ATTOK wanted by competent bookkeeper
AAAnmt H. P.. 13 Front et.
▲ BTRONO boy. 18 years wants all-round
work. Box 2561. Call.
WANTED — Position as bootblack. 642 Mis.
elen «t.
STENOGRAPHER wants eltcatlon. Box 2562
Call efflce. '
SITUATION as a. tailor. B4O Howard et.
POSITION as assistant to eurveyor; refer-
eneea. Box 2582. CaJl office.
EXPERIENCED man wishes position as trav-
*Iin« salesman: cutlery preferred. Box 2583
Call office. '
A COOK wishes place In coffee or lunch-
house. Box 2504. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by stenographer of rail-
road experience; have good references. Boi
2583. Call offlce.
A BOY 14 years old wishes a steady SoK
HENRY LONG. 1611 Dupont M.
W A NTED— Potrition as collector; 8 years' ex-
j>ericnee: references Al; bonds furnished
Box 2000. Q-1 offlce.
HOY want- work in store. 22 Ninth st
STRONG boy would like to learn a trada
Applj- 1010 Natoma et
VOUNG man employed during the day would
like a little work a lew hours each e\-enin_-
rn— .11 wagfg. Box 2571. Call offlce.
CARPENTER wants work by day or con-
iract. Box 2572. Call office.
i;UTCHKR wants position; references. 8
NEWMAN. 1216 Hyde et.
WANTED — Position In drur house. Addresi
box 2T.74. Call offlce.
POSITION cs ccneral houseman In hotel T
' W. DAY. «H> Bush st.
WANTED — Wcrk aflernoon, 1-6 o'clock. Ad-
dress bcx 2502. Call offlce.
KARnER v._ntf position in countn'. A<Idres.<
lio- 25^0. Call office.
I TiKI— ICN n* machinist wanted. 414 Tenth
STKNOGHAPHSn wants situation. 5«?
Halght it.
Posmcv a* a driver for waccn. Box 2602^
Call offlo*. _
I j_m_»_o_t.t— jrr wajtted — Kale — con. !
I BOY wants a job in a wholesale house. 1024 j
Howard st I
| FOSITION wanted 'as barber. 143 Third st.
i STEADY, sober man want* work a? Btable-
i nun; riiv or country; references. Box 26i>5,
! Call office.
I _ . .
i SITUATION as a presser. 210S Mission et
j ; ~~ j
FOSITION wanted as. barber. 89 Third Et. j
WAITER wants position. 270A- Thirteenth st. I
POP.TER wants a situation. Address 829 .
Stevenson et.
; CARPENTER and cabinetmaker wants work, !
finishing cr rough: city 6r country: reason- |
able wages. Box 2545. Call office. j
GOOD ccrnet player would like wcrk. S2S j
Fourth St j
A STRONG young man, 20 years c'.d, wishes \
work of any kind. Dox 2546, Call offlce. ;
PLUMBER'S helper want* to learn trade, i
Addrees box 2552, Call offlce.
WAITER wsnts position. 2801 Geary st.
' BOY wsnts, work Saturdays. W.. box 200,
Call offlce.
' WANTED— Situation as teamster; experienced.
Addnts J. C. RODGERS. 1174, Mission st.
WANTED — A position as butcher in first-class |
hotel. Box 25S5. Call office. j
' BARTENDER wants work. 303 Sacramento j
street. . i
BARBER —ants a short-hour job. 335 Howard
etreet.
SITUATION as collector. Box 2CCS, Call of-
fice^ i
YOUNG man wishes to leara plumbing trade.
Box 22S4. Call office.
COLLECTING deno in momlnir hours; bond
furnished. Box _JS5, Call office.
SITUATION as a tailor. 640 Howard st.
EOY wants a Job in cigar stand. Box 2543,
Call offlce. ' i
YOUNG man wishes position to sell Christmas j
articles. Address box 2526, Call offlce. |
TEAMSTER wants steady work. 832 Folsom
street.
A BOY 14 years old wlifces a steady job. 3136
Pierce st.
A MAN wants any kind of work; best of refer-
ences. 41 S Ninth st.
WANTED— Eituatlcn as porter. Box 2597. Call
offlce.
WANTED — Situation as janitor. Box 259S.
Call office.
SOBER man. to. plays grultar. wants work in
country Bt>od steady home more than wages.
RUDOLPH HOFFMANN, 69 Natoma »t.
CARPENTER wants work by day or contract
Box 2544. Call office^ \i
BOY would llko to learn a trade. 1658 Turk
street
WANTED — A position as barkeeper. Apply
J. J. D.. 15 Third st. ■
TAILOR wants situation. 708 Everett St.
WAITER wants situation. 209 Minna Bt
HAT finisher wishes position. 49 Geary st.
SITUATION wanted as cigar clerk. Box 2607,
Call office.
WANTED— A poeition as porter. Apply J.
HARRIS. 744 Howard Bt.
POSITION wanted as barkeeper; best of ref-
erences. Address box 2610. Call offlce.
CUTTER wishes position. 27 Geary st.
CLOTHING salesman wants position for Sat-
urdays. Box 2000. Call offlce.
MAN of good appearance, speaks English flu-
ently, wants work of any kind. Apply
WILLIAM COFFEE, 624 Green Bt
CASHBOY wants Job. S12 Webster st.
I BARBER wants work. 249 Stevenson st.
! EXPERIENCED pressman wants position.
Box 2611. Call offlce.
i YOUNG man wants to run an elevator. 813
Filbert 8t. '
POSITION wanted by a youn_- man as a por-
ter in « hotel. J. BROWN, 420 Seventh st
WANTED — Situation by youns man, anxious
and willing to work at anything; good char- |
acter. Address box 2614. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position" as nurse. Apply 205 Carl
street
YOUNG man. ared 16. llvin_ with parents,
j wishes a situation at any kind of work;
j will rive faithful service. Box 2613. Call.
HANDY man with tools wants work of any
» kind. Address box 2612. Call office.
YOUNG man, 17 years old, desires work; is
a willini and faithful worker; sood char-
i acUr; references. Box 2632, Call offlce.
BOY wants to drive wagon. Apply 6"4 How-
ard et. '
BOY want* a Job in book etore. Box 2566, Call
offlce.
AN exoerieneed valet and invalid's attendant
wishes a position: speaks French. German
and English. G.. 969 Howard st, room 78.
YOUNG man wants work afternoons and even-
lngs. Box 25C5. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as elevator operator: 4
years' experience. Address box 2564, Call.
BOY wants oositlon in offlce. Box 2563, Call
offlco.
BOY wants a situation in a store. 1419%
MUflon _t.
WANTED — Job as private gardener. Box 2616,
Call office.
WANTED — A Job to wcrk around house. Box
2622. Call office. _
WANTED — A Job as cash boy. Box 2621,
Call offlce. . .
WANTED— A Job as Janitor. Box 2619. Call
offlca. '■',
WANTED— A Job as porter. Box 2620, Call
offlce. ■
WANTED — A position as cash or errand boy.
JACK KENNEDY. 222 Mason St. ■
NEAT boy wishes position in offlce. Box
-615. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wishes position; day
watch. Box 265B. Call offlce. '
YOUNG man wishes work as elevator boy. Box
2S55. Call offlca.
WANTED — Bookkeeper wants position. ' Box
2653. fall offlce.
REGISTERED druggist wants work in retail
store. Box 2C18. Call offlce. ■
SITUATION as a stableman. 408 Folsom Bt
AGENT wishes position; excellent references.
Bcx 2617. Call offlce.
WOULD like work as porter. JAMBS COL-
LINB. 744 Howard et
BOOKKEEPER wants situation; experienced.
Box 2C35. Call. -
BOY wishes position as errand boy. Box 2634,
Call offlce. ' ■ '
WANT work u hoisting . engineer. M.» F.
NORTON. 896 Twenty-second st.
WANT work as salesman. Apply LEVEN-
SON CO.. 20B Front St.. F. DEVLIN.
WANTED— Position as porter In saloon. AL-
BERT ECHIPPMANN. 237 Minna st. ,
WANTED — Work In stable. OWEN PERRY,
1500 Kentucky st. ■ •
STEADY position; Al barber. Box 2637, Call
office.
DRIVER wants Job. 1213 Howard st
RELIABLE man wants work distributing- cir
culars. etc.. by day or 1000. Box 26S9. Cak_
YOUNG man wants .work of any kind from 10
to 4 p. m. Box 2641. Call.
A JOBBING plumber would like work ' Box
2613. Call. 7
STOCK clerk wishes position. 001ft Valencia
street. ■ ' '
FIRST.CLASS saloon porter wishes situation.
S. K.. 630 Howard st . i ■ .
A BOY wants work after school. Box 2797,
Call offlce.
A BOY. 13 years old, : wishes a steady Job.
726 Octsvla st.
YOITNG man wishes position. Phone Gearj
25C1.
A YOUNG men wishes a position ' in a music-
store. ' Box 2773, Call office.- '
POSITION wanted as stenosrapher at once
Address box 2108, Call office.
A BOY wants to do. work after school hours.
Box C1C7. Ci'.ll oYflce. ;
MAN and wife, with a child, would Uke to go
' ' to country as cooks 'for camp; have : had ex-
o_ri«nr« and - are reliable. Box 2766.*- Call.;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1904.
E_CP_OY__ENT WANT-D— Male— Con. >
BOY wants jrood pesition with advancement. .
Box 2103. Call orncc.
COY wants a position as office boy. Box 2104,
Call offlce.
BOY wants a sbsltlon as errand boy. Box
2102. Oail office.
A QUI 1ST. honest bey. livinc with parent?,
would like some kind of work or would like
to learn a trade. 22015 Mason st.
WANTED — Position as stenographer; good ref-
erence. Apply 2S15 Howard st
A HOY. 14 year* old, wishes a steady position.
_."»1 Jjreven&on «t.
YOUNG man wishe, position. Telephone
Geary C5<51.
KOY would like to get morning paper route
nortn of Market. Box 2*598. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, 10 years' experience, wishes
a set of books to keep (luring evenings; firm
In Mission Dreferred. Box 2785, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as law clerk. F. TUCK-
LER. Rlalto building cigar stand.
SITUATION wanted as offlce boy. J. BRAU-
FLICK, 15 Taylor st.
YOUNG man wants position during holidays.
Box 2293, Call offlce. • i
YOUNG man wants position in wholesale ;
hqa.se. Box 2294, Call office.
YOUNG boy wishes position holiday week. Ad-
dress 7i2li Harrison st.
DOY would like to learn plumbing. Address
box 2292, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS grocery clerk would like a po- |
sition in country store, not more than 100
miles frcm San Francisco. Box 2291, Call, i
MIDDLE}- AGED man wants situation as porter, :
city or country- Address box 22S9, Call.
SITUATION wanted by boy of 13 In offlce; j
understands typewriting and is taking ;
course in shorthand. Box 2780, Call offlce.
MAN wants a Job to drive team. Box 2134, I
Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like a position in a store i
around the holidays: Box 228S. Call offlce.
WANTED — An experienced dry , goods, shoe I
and clothing talesman wants position about
Jan. 1 : best of references. Add(ess W. J. i
EOTHWELL, Covlna, Cal.
EXPERIENCED young man wants situation
as clerk or collector: can furnish city refer-
ence. Box 2117, Call offlce. j
*A THOROUGH and reliable bookkeeper wants
a position; city or country; can give (rood
bond and references. Box 2118, Call offlce.
BOY wants situation in offlce. 1418^4 Mis-
sion st. *
CARPENTER wants work. 202S _ st. south.
BOY wants work in vacation. Box 2122, Call.
A MAN wants position aa Janitor. Box 2124,
Call offlce.
LABORING position of any kind. F. W.
WADE. 500 Bush st
BOOKKEEPER: competent and experienced;
best of references. Room 7, 819 Market st.
BOY wishes pesition as errand boy. Box
2286, Call offlce.
BOY would like position as cash boy. 1464
Mission st.
A YOUNG man. strong and steady, wishes
labor of any kind. Box 2550, Call offlce.
WANTED — By young married man, any kind
of honorable employment: handy with
horses and tools; best of city reference. Box
2276, Call office.
A YOUNG, experienced machinist wishes a po-
sition. Box 2274, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man desires position as clerk dur-
lnr holidays from 7 to 10 p. m. ; small
wages. Box 2130, Call office.
BOY. 14. wants a Job. Box 2132, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants position. Ad-
dress 517 Hickory ave.
A BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job. 3136
Pierce st. |
A BOY wishes a place In wholesale house.
Box 2138. Call office^
A BOY wishes a position to learn a trade.
Box 2139, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Box 2140,
Call office.
AN experienced salesman would like a posi-
tion; best of reference. Box 2142, Call.
WANTED — Situation as collector; references
furnished. Box 2143. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes position as watchman.
Address box 2235. Call offle*.
EXPERIENCED offlce clerk and collector
wishes a position; references. Box 2237.
Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as Janitor; 'best of refer-
ence. Address R, H.. 1033 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Position as offlce clerk. Box
2238. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes work as janitor. Box
2239. Call offlce.
PAINTER wants work. 347 Minna st
A BOY wants to go errands after school and
Saturday. Address 179 Thirteenth st.
DRIVER wants work. 617 Grove it.
WANTED— Poaition as teamster. Box 2241,
Call offlce.
SOBER youns man wants small room in ex-
change for work or will pay part. Box
2243. Call office^ . _•
EXPERIENCED house wrecker wants a Job.
114 Leroy place. -.
MIDDLE-AGED man would like poeition as
watchman; day or night. Box 2146, Call.
MARRIED man desires position on ranch;
stock preferred. Box 2217. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED hardware clerk wishes sltr
uation with retail hardware firm. Address
box 2265. Call offlce.
WANTED — Situation as assistant bookkeeper
in wholesale house; references furnished if
desired. Box 2204. Call offla^ __^
A BRIGHT young lady would like, a few
hours in the afternoons In candy' store. Box
2234, Call offlce.
A UNION carpenter wants work. Ask for H.
BATES, 500Po«t st. .
BOY wants a position as errand boy. Box
2233, Call offlce. ,
A RELIABLE- man wants situation as porter
or man about place. Apply or address JOHN
BAKER, 958' Mission st.
WANTED — A poeition by an 8-year-old boy as
Dorter or errand boy. L. B. A., 2501, Call.
WANTED — A position as delivery driver. Ad-
dress box 222L Call office.
.WANTED — A Job as an errand boy. Box
2229, Call offlce.
YOUNG man desires a position of any kind in
the city. Address box 2227, Call, office.
MIDDLE-AGED roan seeks place as watch-
man or position of trust. Address box 2220.
Call offlce. .
BUTCHER wants position In shop and wagon;
city or country. Box 2225. Call offlce.
WANTED— A position as clerk in cigar store.
Box 2257, Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as porter In wholesale
house. Address box 2222, Call offlce.
CQOKS — Man and wife, flrst-class meat, bread
and pastiy cooks, experienced, want situa-
tion; hotel, boarding-house or mill. 1121 Vi
Folsom st, lower floor.
BOOKKEEPER desires position • in > country
Box 2179. Call offlce.
WANT a position as collector. Box 2158, Call."
WANT a position as engineer. Box 2159, Call.
POSITION as sheet metal worker. Box 216?,
Call offlce.
SALESMAN — Experienced man wants position
January 1. Address box 2160, Call office.; ..
A' BOY wants to learn printing business.
CLAUS3EN. 516 Bryant trt.
BOY wants a sftuatlcn in a store. 138 Third
street.
POSITION wanted by an old' man willing to
make himself useful for his board. Address
J. BARBEAU. 73 Hoff ave.
A BOY would like to . learn r plumber's trad*
Address box 2162 Call office.;
BOY would like a position to learn tailoring
. trade. Box 2710, Call office. ,
MECHANICAL '. draughtsman desires position
In- city or country; references. ■ Box "^09
' Call office.^£|g!_)£H8IBRHN9JI
WANTED — Work as night watchman. Apply
741 ; Commercial st. '
YOUNG man wishes, position as bookkeeper-
was 2 years at last place ;' has : references
from loot rJjr_. /Box 27MO -' rfc II- «ifn>i_ ■;"-•••
'" EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male— Con.
, EXPERIENCED salesman, clerk and collector
wishes steady position. Box 2712. Call.
WANTED— Situation as clerk; experienced.
Box 2717. Call office. , -' ■ • .
WAITER wants' wot k a_, noon time; can cook.
_j_23 Mission st. - .. ' ■ _
FIRST-CLAKS cock would like position in
city. 22 First st. ' ' ■
YOUNG man wants position as clerk. Address
•T. BROWN. 315 Powell st.
BOY wants r. position as errand boy. Box
2718. Call offlot. \
BOY of 10 would like a position" aa "wrapper.
CARLOS WEGGERMAN. 427 Third St.
SHOE clerk wants position. 227 Third st.
WANTED — A job to work In store. Box 2701.
Call offlca.
WANTED— a Job as housecleaner. Box 2701,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man. 23, desires situation as clerk
in buying or sales department; wholesale pre-
ferred; New York experience. Address "A,"
Call ofHce. San Jose, Cal.
j BOY wants place as errand boy. Box 2640,
I Call offlca,
! WANTED— Position as bartender. A. TRASK.
15 Third st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work as porter;
; good references. Call at 356 Minna st.
OFFICE work wanted by an experienced young
I roan. Box 2728. Call offlce.
i TENOR wants position in church choir: Sun-
day work; experienced. Box 2730, Call.
WANTED— Position as errand boy. Box 2704,
Call offlce.
1 EXPERIENCED offlce man desires position
i outside San Francisco; references. M. K.,
i 530 Natoma, st.
SITUATION wanted as porter In a furniture
house. Box 2045, Call offlce.
! BOY wants position ns clerk; best of references.
j 1377 Eddy Bt. .
! CARPENTER wants work by day or contract;
1 best of city references. 2027 Taylor at.
I POSITION wanted by a young man as porter
in a barber shop. C, WILSON, 78 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS teamster wants poaition; knows
| city; best of references. 1203 Mission st.
i EOBEK, elderly man as watchman; references
! given. Box 2663, Call offlce.
I BOY would like position with advancement.
Box 2060. Call offlce.
WANTED — Work as steam shovel fireman.
THOMAS EAGAN. 15 Third St.
WANTED — Position as errand boy. 611 Na-
! tornu. St.
i
| BARTENDER wants job. 632 Eddy st.
| CIGAR clerk wants position. 1130 Golden
j Gate ave.
■ BOY would l'.ko Job as errand boy. Box
j 2684. Call offlce.
I .
{ SITUATION as a waiter. 804, Hayes st
I WANTED— A Job as porter. , Box 270L Call
I office.
WANTED— A Job as Janitor. Box 2701, Call
office.
: WANTED — Job to do chores around house. Box
i 2701. Call offlce.
I . ;
I ROUGH carpenter wants day or Job work.
, Box 2714, Call offlce.
1 STENOGRAPHER desires position; Remington.
j Box 2716, Call offlce.
j WANTED — Place as coachman. Box 2723,
j Call offlce.
■ BOY wanted to learn a trade as plumber. Box
| 2720, Call otflce.
J YOUNG man wishes a position to drive a de-
, livery wason. Box 2732, Call offlce.
WANTED — Work by steady, sober man: morn-
ing or evening. Box 2662, Call office.
WANTED^-Posltion as mall clerk: best of
referenoes. Address box 2661, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants work in store. Box 2052,
Call offlce. , '
FIRST-CLASS porter wants work. Address 829
Stevenson st. ; '
EXPERIENCED wrapper wants position for
B Jays Christmas week. Box 2651, Call.
PORTER In saloon wishes situation; best of
references. Address- box 2048, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position In
i wholesale house; good references. Box 2647.
Call office.
YOUNG man d< sires position in offlce; has
had 2U years' experience; best of references.
Box 2«4«. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as waiter in camp. W.
BARTINE, 744 Howard st.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper; salary no
object. Apply box 2745, Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as a harn-essmaker. J.
BROWN. 427 Third st.
YOUNG man wishes work of any kind. Box
2737. Call office. "
DRUGGIST, licentiate, graduate, well experi-
enced, speaks German, wants situation. Box
2702. Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as clerk. Box 2789,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man wlshes"positlon*as paper carrier;
has had experience and willing to work;
two years at last place; Call route desired.
Box 2743, Call offlce. , ,
ELDERLY man wishes position as stableman
or gardener; handy with horses; country pre-
ferred. Box 2744, Call offlce. ;_■-.,.
' PRESSMAN wants work. 824 King st^^
. BOY would like to go to work as »#' ir,^ boy.
• Box 2715. Call offlce. ___^V
" i i ~~-HZ \" ■■•/Xtfr:
• FIREMAN wants work. 15 Thlrdst. \?ti]
WANTED— A position as clerk. Box 273? >?ai}
offlc«.
I ■
j WOULD like work as porter. J. I. HARRIS,
! 744 Howard st.
SITUATI0>N a » a tailor. 20SSV Eighth st.'
SITUATION wanted in business house. Ad-
. .. dress box 2C93. Call.
A STRONG young. man 20 years old wishes
work of any kind In the city. Box 2073,
• ... Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes position as city salesman.
: Apply 617 Gough st. N , ,
COOK wants work. Apply at 431% Third
i street. i-
• YOUNG man having 4 or 5 "hours' spare time
.desires employment afternoons or evenings.
; Box 2668, Callfo. -
BOY 16 years old wants to Jearn watchmaker's
: " trade. Box 2667, Call.
YOUNG man wishes a Job as wrapper. Box
WANTED — Situation by experienced hardware
s salesman. Box » 2670. Call.
WANTED — A position I as cook. Box 2677,
I j Call office.
i ! AS' .attendant and companion to invalid,
chronioor mental patient by competent and
reliable man 'under middle-age, of education
and thorough training, and ■ experience aa
nurse and masseur; ; references; terms mod-
erate. Box 1 2822, Call ' offlce.
; YOUNO' man" wants 5" hours' work a day;
. anything. Box 1711. Call.
, BARBER wants short-hour Job. Address box
2734. Call. '
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; hotel oi
".first-class boarding-house. D. L., 275 Ste-
> ,' vensonst . ■ : • ...
CHINESE!, nice man. wants easy Job. '• JAH
• JAE LYNCH, box 2724, Call.
■ WANTED— Situation as janitor. S. K., 63C
. Howard st. ■ :
i WOULD like a position as office- boy. LOUIS
i COHN. 585, Natoma at
. WANTED— Position as teamster. Box 2697,
Call offlce. .
• ' FIRST-CLASH toolrriaker wants position. . Bos
r I 2702.^ Call. : . ■ '
• GENERAL machinist wants steady position,
i j. Box 2702,. Call., r .
EVENING ■ ■ work-S-Bookkeeper/'- would like
;- small set books .to keep. ; Box 2696 . Call.
r -
■ WANTED— A situation by furhiahing goods
. •. salesman: : references.' j ■ Box \ 2678. : Call.;.'
i .. BOY,: wants ; work v a f ter * school. :* Box 2650,
Call, office. ■».;■'■.■■» ■ ■ • : ;
--IP-OYM-irr WANTED — Mala— Con.
A FIRST.CLASS carpenter finisher and'bench
1 hand wants -work -by the day; wages $1 a
day. Address box 2604. Call. ... .
EMPIiO YME-TT WANTED — Mala — Con.
YOUNG man wishes a job as driver. Box
267C. Call.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
2(52$. Call.
A BOY would like a position as errand boy.
Box 2627. Call. .
YOUNG man would like position in hardware
house: 4 years' experience. Box 2626, Call.
WANTED— Position as stable boss. Apply
ED GRAY. 1314 Geary st.
BOY wants work in store. 22 Ninth st.
BOY would like a position in offlce. Box
2625, Call. ■ ' ... ■
WANTED— Situation by stock clerk. Box
2U92. Call.
A BOY wants to learn plumbing trade. 403
Bryant st.
WANTED — Position as saloon porter. Apply
DAVE' DOYLE, 150 Silver St.
CLOTHING ealesman wants position. 405
Ellis at. ■ '
YOUNG man wants Job in wholesale house.
915Va Filbert st. *
WAITER would like work in camp. F. Me-
DONALD, 154 Tehama st.
BOOTBLACK wishes situation. Address 1
Brook st. * ■
BOY wants position In offlce. Box 2624. Call
office.
YOITNG man would like a Job as offlce boy.
Box 256s. CalK
YOUNG boy would like position learning
plumbing* trade. Box 268-. Call.
WANTED — Situation during the holidays. Ad-
dress box 2B66. Call office. /^
BOY of ltt wishes position in an office. Box
2074. Call. fii_i_
WANTED— A responsible position by a Ger-
man butcher; pork or delicatessen store. C.
E.. 267 San Jose ave.
YOUNG man of excellent character, with best
references, desires position as porter in
wholesale houae. Box 2805. Call.
FIRST-CLASS chef wishes position in restau-
rant or cafe. Box 2710. Call.
JAPANESS boy who speaks English wants
situation in private family. Box 279S, Call.
YOUNG man of 19 would like to carry a
morning paper. Address box 2721. Call.
WAITER would like work in hotel. R.
MURRAY. 44 Third et.
WANTED— Situation as porter. T. R., 133S
Dupont st. .
BOY would like to drive team. 830A Har-
rison st.
WANTED — Work as porter. J. E.. 63 « Hunt
etreet. . ,
MARRIED man wants work of any kind. F.
WICK. 500 Dupont st.
BOY wanted to leam a trade as tailor. 373
Howard st. ,
MAN wants work of any kind. J. W.. 600
Dupont st.
A BOY wants to learn printing business. 321
Bryant st
WANTED — Competent engineer wishes posi-
tion as stationary engineer. Address W. H..
631 Golden Gate ave.
SHOE salesman wants place In retail store;
references. Box 2713. Call.
SITUATION wanted as cook. Address box
2707. Call.
JAPANESE wishes a situation as schoolboy;
housework: make bed. NICHIDE. 807 Polk.
JAPANESE flrst-class laundryman wishes po-
eition in a family or hotel. I. Y.. 502 Du-
pont st.
JAPANESE good boy who can do plain cooking
wants position as a schoolboy or to do house-
work in nice family. RINO KIPADA. Japa-
nese Mission. 22 Prospect place.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position
in family. LEE. 714 Washington st.
GERMAN boy IS years old wants position;
any kind of work. Box 2300. Call.
POSITION as stock clerk in wholesale house.
Box 1 2298. Call.
j A YOUNG man of excellent habits desires
work as porter or clerk in wholesale house;
fine references. Address box 2S&4, Call.
WANT place as teamster; am good driver.
X., box 2200, Call offlce.
i ______________———-—— _________ _______________
YOUNG man wants position as delivery boy.
Box 27$7._Call.
BOY wants job in candy factory. Box 2751,
Call offlce.
A GERMAN wishes a situation as . clerk in
grocery and barroom; good references.
W. BOHLING. 417 Kearny st.
BOY. 15 years wants position in wholesale
: house. Box 2688, Call.
JOB compositor, good all-round man. wishes
steady poeition; city or country. Box 2206,
Call office. .
| SITUATION wanted by city salesman for a
wholesale house; reference furnished. Box
2765. Call.
BOY wants position \ln architect's offlce. Box
2293, Call. '
BOY wishes position in wholesale house. Apply
phone Waller 725.
i MAN and wife, both flrst-class cooks, desire
positions in family, club or hotel; city or
country; references. CHAS. S.. 11 Hopeton
terrace.
WANTED — A position as bartender. S. WOLF,
36 Fourth st.
WANTED— Job as cashboy. Address 4$3 Ninth
street.
COMPETENT man wants position as dish-
washer., C36 Commercial st.
BARTENDER wants position. H. H ELMER,
620 Je«ile*Bt.
BOY wants Job In cigar factory. Box 2C90,
i Call orfice.
I POSITION of Janitor; best references. Bcx
j 2750. Call.
j WANTED— Position as porter; references. 1345
| Folsom st. '
! ■
I JANITOR wants work by the hour; best of
i reference. Box 2752, Call.
WANTED — A job as offlce cleaner. Box 2739,
Call office.
AVANTED— A job as porter. Box 2760. Call
offlce. ..' ...
i WANTED — Work around house. Box 2761.
Call offlce.
i WANTED — Work about stable. Box 2762. Call
offlce. ' .
WANTED — A Job to drive team. Box 27C3.
Call offlce. . <■ ,
WANTED— Position as collector. Box 275S
Call office.
YOUNG man desires position in Jewelry store
5 Sixth st.
MAN wants steady Job to drive team In city
Box 2O>7. # Call. » "
A ' FURNITURE teamster wishes a place;
I knows city well. 711 'Webster st.
SALESMAN, one with selling abilities, wishes
to hear from a good local house. Box "tiS'3
Call. .
BOY "wants to learn hardware business Box
-2771, Call. ;
BOY wishes -position In offlce. Box 2770 Call
• offlce. '
JOB ■ printer, . young man. steady and sober
wishes position. Box 27ti9. Call.
A MAN would like work In a dcllcates«er
■ store. Box "2110. Call.
ENGINEER > wants work as night watchmar
or Janitor. Box 21C9. Call.
BOY wishes position. WILLIE MARTIN 15A
■ Madison ave.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with all kind oi
tools, plain painter, good kitchen helper
, private messenger, run errands , good 6ffl«
help, all-around Rood help; reliable; honest
for cltr. J. C. H., t'4 1 Commercial 6t
AN expert horse clipper desires a position
Address 320 Noe:st : Portion.
« : ' '.'-: — - ' '
A COACHMAN : good horseman and gardener
; can ' milk; good , references.- ; ; Box 2090.'; Calf
A -BOY aged 19 . wants steady. position ; In offlct
or wholesale house;'; best of references. Boj
. ( EMP-OYMENT WANT_P-MA----Co- 1
11 A MAN wishes a position as operator on
I coats. Box 3C60. Call otflce.
' POSITION wanted as flr-t-class » n 2«"* ker t :
m repair shop or factory. Apply 163 Perry st.
* STENOGRAPHER— Competent. * xp f£ e "f, e jl;
reliable: excellent references: thorougn
knowledge of general offlce work and Dook-
x keeping. LEDERER. 2-3 Pierce st . |
- FIRST-CLASS hostler, driver and handy man
'• . wants situation. Address box _0»5. call.
- POULTRYMAN, practical, reliable, single:
e ago 39; understands all details; can do car-
I. penter work. BUCKNAM, 643 Folsom st.
r OFFICE boy wants position. Address box
2070, Call offlce. _
WANTED— A position as bookkeeper and
stenographer: salary $15 per week. Apply
* box 2076. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes position driving delivery
wagon. Box 89, Call offlce. , . _
GOOD all around handy man wants work. Ad-
- dress box 2281. Call offlce.
NEAT boy wanted; for law offlce. Box 2171.
Call offlce.
y — .: ___________ — •
BOY wont* position In offlce. Box 2172. Call
r 5 offlce - .
COOK wants .work by the month. -217 Fourth
- street. _
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position •■ Jani-
— ■ tor; best of references. Box 2169. Call office.
YOUNG man would like poeltton in hardware
huuse. . Box 2203, Call offlce.
BOY would Uke place as private messenger.
Box 2202. Call offlce.
BOY would like a good steady Job. 237 Clara
street.
YOUNG Intelligent man and wife. Scandlnav-
• ian. want positions; single or together; low
g wagea. Box _liUt>. Call offlce.
- A CLERK and bookkeeper wants good, steady
position; can _Ive best references. H. R., »
New Montgomery st.
x A MIDDLE-ared man wants any kind of
poaition; is a backer and boxmaker, or can
- . drive horses; handy with tools. Address box
1577. Call offlce. Oakland.
" j WANT a Dcslticn as collector. Box 1576. Call
_, I offlce. Oakland.
,t I '
n WANTED — A position as bookkeeper in city.
or country. Address box 1579. Call, Oakland.
WANTED — Collections; weekly or monthly. In
Oakland and vicinity. Box 1878, Call, Oak-
land.
i 3 A SUGAR and white pine lumber grader
wishes to secure a position; references. Box
a 2173, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes to work in wholesale
~ house. .Address CHARLES CLAUSEN. 60
k- Prosper st.
" WATCHMAkER would like position. Box
3 2198. Call offlce.
" YOUNG man. 17 years old, wishes clerical
position; can operate typewriter: am now
learning shorthand evenings. Box 2170, Call.
lt WANTED — Position as fireman and machinist;
last trip on passenger boat. 201 Fremont st.
BELLBOY wishes position In -commercial or
prlvete hotel; test of references. Box 2072,
*, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position as a steamfltter's helper.
Box 2083, Call.
BOY of 16 wants work in maohine shop. Box
j 2CS8, Call.
COACHMAN — Position -wanted by competent
reliable young Englishman; understands gar-
dening; can milk. Box 2087, Call.
HONEST, competent young man would like a
" poaition; any kind of work. Box 2091, Call.
CAPABLE man wants situation to work in a
wine cellar or liquor store; can tend bar.
x Phone Hyde 1611.
" PHOTOGRAPHER — Smart young man with
.* coma knowledge of photography seeks sltua-
'" tlon with photographer. Inside or outside:
~ speaks Italian and French. Box 2001, CalL
* YOUNG man wants Job as^porter In saloon.
Box 2002. Call.
K OIL fireman wishes a position; 5 years' ex-
perience. J. CLARK, 547 Hayes st. ; phone
Fell 630.
" WANTED — Position as dry-goods cleric 'Ad-
n dress box -005. Call offlce.
" A YOUNG man wishes a position after school
'• hours. Address box 2093. Call offlce.
7 RELIABLE man wants situation as porter or
Janitor. Address box 2094, Call offlce.
" FIRST-CLASS Job carpenter wants work. Ad-
!S dress Carpenter, 322 Seventh st. Phona
! » Howard 3400.
~ A FIRST-CLASS upholsterer will -work by the
r - day or piece. 827 Eddy st. ; phone Larkin 3094.
" WANTED— Position as bartender. T. KEMP-
'• ER 15 Third st
" A YOUNG man wishes position as stock clerk
l » in wholesale house. H. HARVEY, box 2158
Call offlce.
" WANTED — Job as helper in paint store. Ad-
dress tf Grange terrace, oft Turk st
~ WANTED — Position as bartender. G. M , box
e 2182. Call offlce.
" WANTED — Position as plumber's helper. Box
' 9 2181, Call office.
STEADY work as ep!ee grinder, etc; no less
~ than $20 a week. Box 2153. Call offlce.
x i YOUNG man wishes position In a retail store;
best references. R. T. L.. box 2155. Call.
x MARRIED man wants work of any kind. F
WICK. 500 Dupont
y EXPERIENCED stcve fitter would Ilka a posi.
tion. Apply 18 First st.
* BOY wishes situation in drug store. Box 2150
* Call offlce.
RELIABLE, sober, steady, trustworthy bar-
7 i tender wants to wcrk in a reliable place:
• J wages no object; wants steady work. Box
| 2154, Call offlce.
WILLING young boy wants position as errand
. j boy. WILLSON. .558 Minna St.
,. i — ■
. i SITUATION as a presser. 1209 Howard st.
| ,
' A NEAT boy of 15 wants a- poeition in a
printing office; wants to learn the trade; is
> honest and reliable. Box 2194. Call offlce.
• , . \
. j YOUNG man wishes any kind of work. Box
x 2212. Call offlce.
. WANTED — A position as porter. Apply J.
5 HARRIS. 144 Howard st.
_ PRINTER, first class, all round, reliable
,( wants country situation. 5742 Twenty-second
st.. San Francisco.
), FRENCH cook with flrst-class references has
honorability, wants situation in a private
family or boardlng-hnu*#; . please state
II wages. Address G. IlESSENCOURT. 611
Stockton it.
I. STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wishes posi-
| tion; graduate commercial school. Box 2273
Call office. \
II ..
i BARKEEPER would like work. R. MUR-
- j RAY; tel. Clay 351.
. YOUNG man wishes position as rubber- In for
gralner. C. BURROWS. 117 Germanla ave.
, | . — .
! GOOD boy wishes any sort of work. 1414 Va-
_ i lencta st.
. -__-__-______,
" EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wishes work
_ I evenings. Box 2_45. Call offlce.
„ i '
I A HANDY rr.an; has tools, to fix pipes, roofs,
- j lumlture. car;>eU". and all kinds of work
»: I dene around a house by the day. Address
; Uox 2180. Call office.
_ i _ . :
- s TOOL and dlemaker wants position. Box 2192.
.j t j Call of Hoe.
_ ! 1TIRST-CLASH Instrument maker wants posi-
)X | tion. Box 2193, Call otflce.
i :
_ | WANTED — A position as grocery clerk; have
j. j had 4 years' experience. Box 2240. Call.
_ , TWO young men wish positions as saloon por-
r ' ters. Box 2255. Call office.
WANTED — Position in office, with chance to
~ advance. Box 2183, Call offlce.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper. Box 2184
~ Call efflce.
BOY wants to learn printing trade. Box "181*
~ Call' office.'. .
SITUATION wanted with light' work. C15U
~~ Bush st.
of ■■ .-_______
r, WANTED — Position as cigar salesman; whole
ee sale preferred. ■ 97S Geary st.
;t; — — . .
YOUNG man would like position In arocerv
- and bar. Box 2201. Call. . grocery
n. . ,
. WANTED — Work as bartender. F*. ' W soo
- y. Dupont st. .?|f£K__fSn_nfel3li
r: ———————————————-——______________
It. MAN wants work of any kind. E F Bs>
-V. O'Farrtll st. • *•. osi
ce ; ■' '
)X WANTED— Few hours' work evenings on book
1 accounts. Box 2251 CalL - -
___P— CnraTE-~T WA-fTJBP— - _ tale— -Co a
EOY wants position in the evenlnss. Box
2253. Call ofnee.
EXPERIENCED book and stationery man
wants position; experience. Box 2_fi7, Call.
A RELIABLE man wishes to secure a positinn
as, watchman, caretaker of property or sorn*
position of trust; fair at figures; references
Box 1M73. Call.
A YOUNG man of IS years wants to leam t}
repair electrical elevators: has some experi-
ence in electrical work. Box 217S. Call.
STUDENT seeks employment of any kind, of-
fice or store work preferred; speaks 3 lar-
guages: sober and not afraid of work. Bus
2_13. Call offlce. '* .--.; >•-.
BOY wants to take care of morning route.
Box 2157. Call offlce.
POSITION as bookkeeper. Box 2214. Call.
LEATHER worker wishes position. J. J.
©•NEIL, 581 O'Farrell St.
CLOTHINO salesman wants situation in coun-
try. Apply at JACKSON'S, 516 >, Jones «t.
WANTED— Position in photograph gallery;
best references. Box 2210, Call office.
WANTED — A position by man to set up ar.d
connect stoves by day or Job; city reference.
Box 2216, Call offlce. '.
FURNITURE and hardware packer, nr._e>
stands shipping and handy with tools, war.-s
a steady position: wages $2 75 per day.
Box 2174, Call offlce.
TEN years" experienced draughtsman and sur-
veyor wishes position for railroad co_pa_y;
city or country. "62 McAllister st
*_. _
WANTED — Situation by capable stock clerk.
Box 2215 Call office.
•
YOUNG man. 18. wishes position in o;?.j»-
Christian, honest, willing, quick: can N»
useful in any office capacity. Willing, v t
27»1. Call.
GERMAN. 22. wants position as assistant en
books or general of flee work: typewr'.t-r;
talks Spanish. French. German. Engissa.
Box 2554. Call.
A LANDSCAPE rardener wants p!ae» to £■>
planting or out In new lawn; flrst-clais
work. Address GARDENER. 217 Minna *t.
GARDENER wants position on private pla.-?;
married; no children; best of references; 9
years on last rlace. Box 2657. Call office.
BOY wishes a Dosltlon after school: aea 11.
Box 2636. Call offlce.
WANTED— A Jcb to run elevator by good,
steady, sober man. Box 2570. Call office.
A FELLOWCRAFT, 30 years, wants wcrk of
any kind except canvassing-; has had 9
years' experience as a watchman. W. E.
D.. 124 Eureka st. S. F.
POSITION wanted by a young college grad-
uate from East, with manufacturing con-
cern; can furnish references and bond If
necessary. L. A. GARY, 1523 Stantca stj,
Alameda. Cal.
WANTED — A situation by a good sober engi-
neer familiar with CorMss and otfter makes Ct
engines, air compressors, dynamos and mo-
tors; good references. Box 2367, Call office.
A SCANDINAVIAN man, 25 years old. wishes
position as housemar or do janitor work in
the city or country. Address J. A. M., S_J
Mission st.
EDUCATED boy, aged 19, and willing- to worX
wishes position evenings in some store dur-
ing the holiday season. Address box 2353,
Call office.
WANTED — Situation by a young colored man
as butler or Janitor or presser. 1109 Camp-
bell st.. Oakland. Cal.
FRENCHMAN, flrst-clasg barber, not speaki-g
English, wants small place in city or coun-
try; speaks Spanish. Box 2900, Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook in
family. SING. 753 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wishes work: $40 per
month. Box 2521, Call offlce.
SACK sewer and sack tender would Uke posi-
tion. FRANK VARGAS. 52S Pacific St.
JAPANESE youn_- man wants situation to do
cooking and general housework; has experi-
ence; several years' good reference. ABE.
25SA O'Farrell st.
A JAPANESE wants housework or help In
kltchea; wagea f.1 or J4 a. week. S. SUGI-
XOTO. 42<> Powell st. *
JAPANESE boy want3 position to do house-
work. K. TAYA. 54G Halght g_ ; phone Fay»
3028.
AN honest Japanese wants afternoon work, 4
to 8: waiter or kitchen belp; housework. R.
WADA. 931 Sacramento'- st.
SITUATION wanted by Japanese flrst-olasa
butler, who arrived from Eastern country;
has good references. 8O4 Stockton st. rm. 33.
JAPANESE boy wants position as helner to
baker; pay. >2O month. Address 518 Jessie.
: A JAPANESE school boy. very fine family
cook; wages. $4. M.. 2316 California st.
AN honest Japanese boy wants w<Sk: any k!nd
of store or factory. S. RAY, SCO Sacramento.
YOUNG- Chinese wishes position as cook in
family. Call at Sang Wo Sang _ Co. 'a. 813
Jackson st.
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position
In family. LEE. 714 Washington st.
CHINESE, flrst-class family cook, wishes po-
gltlon. N. S.. 7J4 Sacramento st.
EXCB-UTPE.
FOR exchange for real estate: one auto-
mobile runabout: good condition. Box 2100.
• Call offlce.
COUNTRY hote! for sale or exchange, TO
rooms, bar, dining-room. 225 Taylor st.
P_ATS TO X__T.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an fmxaensa III t:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will sav* you tims and
trouble. Cordes Furniture. Co., 245-59 Geary
st, on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and fiats to let; every de-
sirable vacant place in San Francisco oa
our lists: service absolutely free; let us find
you a place: come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "w»
do the rest." Starling Furitur* Company,
1039 Market st. opp. McAllister.
NEW. sunny, artistically finished Cats on
Van Ness ave.. near Francisco st. contain-
ing 5 to 10 rooms; rents ranging from $25
to $33. VON RHEIM Real Estate Co.. 513
California st.
LOMBARD st, near Devisadero: several suxmy
flats of 4 to 6 rooms and bath; rant re»
dueed. VON RIIEIX Real Estat* Ox. S_3
California st.
NEW swell flats: every possible latest conveni-
ence: close to main entrance, to Park; 8 car
. lines: on* runs all night; rent $27 SO to
$32 50. 7th ave., nr. Fulton st; open 11 to _
DE LONG ave., 146-130. near Frederick antl
Masonic ave. — New modern sunny Cats; low-
er. « rooms and bath. $22 50; upper, 7 rooms
and bath. $33 50.
AN elesant sunny corner flat will bo vacated,
the 22d. : 6 rooms and bath; must be seen to
be appreciated; rent $40. Inquire T99 Cols
St.. cor. Frederick.
A— WALLER. ISfiD, near Ashbury — Lower flat,
in ircod order: 7 rocms. bath; yard. SPECK
& CO.. 21)0 Montgomery st.
LACUNA, 1511. near Ceary — New. modern
flats, lower 5 rooms and bath, middle 5 rooms
and bath; rents reasonable.
VAN NES3 ave..* 2527-20. near Union— Tw»
new. modern upper flats, 8 rooms and bat_
each; rents reasonable.
. ■ — - — _________________
HOWARD. 2C15— Lower fiat of 6 rooms and,
bath; rent $22 50; warm belt of Mission; no
ft>_-
A SUNNY corner 6-room flat; bath: basement:
half block from Market st: Eighteenth and
Castro st cars. 3945 Seventeenth st.
NOE. 1052, corner Elizabeth — Sunny corner up-
per fiat; new; 0 rooms and bath; modern im-
provements; convenient to 24__-Castro cars.
ELEOANT new upper C-room. or lower 5
room flat; rent low. 1244 10th. ave. Sunset
district.
MODREN flat. 7 sunny rooms; bathroom: 2
attic rooms anu basement. 1428 Green st,
near Vr.n Ness ave.
A SUNNY furnished 6-room flat. 3878 Six-
teenth St.. near Caatro, after 5 p. m.; ref-
erences exchanged.
NEW upper flat of T rooms: every convenience;
$2- 5n. Apply 1321 Treat ave.; key in
grocery. •
A CLEAN. • minny flat. 4 rooms, yard; adults;
$12 30. Inquire 11 11 A Jones st.
BAKER. 73.1-717— Fine flat?; 7 rooms, bath;
modern; sunny: near McAllister st.
CENTRAL ave.. 8I5U — .V rooms and bath:
yard and basement; $20.
ELEGANT new upper flat. 6 sunny rooms an<l
bath: cheap. 1737 Page st, near. G. O. Parlc.
ELEGANT sunny 4-room flat 1780 Haijat
•t. Golden Gate Park.JXO r._rT--CcrUnue_ |
f*£LT«, rear PUlmorc 2 new «HI^ "TZ^T- '
££**f*i* ?"— * ■ rttI » b *th: modern. 57 Her-
• mann ft.. Junction Valencia and Market.
TVff4.w^h? t . y>rd; P" ; rfnt S12 - »»'■' j'
♦ 1 AY WARDS. 2. off Harrison, near Eiphth— |
'Qsver tsur.r.y flat. 3 room; in rear; rent $8.
WYDE. 2C4«— Modern fiat. C rooms and bath;
..a.* and electricity; marine view; rent $-5.
I 'l X £ EX RV *'"' r *3— >>>— house cf 5 rooms:
modern.
I."\vi;r ft-t. C27 lUrkery ave., near Leruna;
.4 r-^n-.y. bath cr.d wa&h trays.
MODERN upper fiat; r.ewly tinted: 5 rooms
and Uath; rent f2-V 203 14th. near Mission.
N L~A RL X n - vr upper flat, 4 rocras and bath.
j-30 Tehair-a et. I
PINE—: 3023. near Lyon— Desirable upper flat;
new and modern; rent reasonable. j
LARGEST list cf houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
EAJCCHEZ, 115. mar Dubooe Park— A new
rr.f>d<?— . flat of 7 rooms; rent $35.
HAN JOSE ave.. 229— Modern "upper flat. 7
rooms, bath; Mission; swellest location.
PI'NNY flat. Z> rooms; rent $22 50. 1817 Pow-
ell «.?
TO LET — 4 rooms and bath; $16. 43* Fair
Oaks st.
— — _ _ ____________________
TWO new flats. <J r. & b.: 1 flat. 4 r. & b.
r*a<iy about January 1. -T.14A Polk st.
-*I_— S TO LET — PU__r_SH_:_».
WILL rent my furnished flat for winter; West-
em Addition. JUL1EN SMITH. 420 Mcnt-
'emery ct,
[FDBSOSHSD flat, five rooms, bath, gas; warm
belt cf Mission. Address box 2078, Call.
furr.lsr.ed flat. 3 sur.ny rooms; no
children: rrlvat*. 426 Tehama. et.
FLATS TOR SALE — FUKMTSHED.
7 ROOMS; elegantly furnished $450 flat: rent
T-j; three room* pay the rent: McAllister st.
_ 6 block? from Market. Box 22.'»1. Call office. I
FURNISHED; 11 rooms; carpets cleaned; sac- J
rlflee; will move; must vacate. SO McAllls- I
ster et.
TINE. 732— Five eur.ny r. and b.: well fur.;
rest g_5; sell or trade fcr small business. I
RtTNNTT furnished 5-ronm flat; gas, bath: rent'
?24; $175 if taken immediately. S66 Grove.
FOR ta'.s cheap — Five-room fiat; two rented;
rent $19. 219 'ra Tehama st.
A BARGAIN — 6 sunny rooms complete; price
$1-5; rent $25. Call S542 Seventeenth st.
FOn sale— Furnished flat. 4 rooms; rent very
cheap. Apply 14.4 1. Hcward st.
A MODERN runny urper flat of 7 large rooms
completely furn. 4 months ago. 917 Jones.
FOR rale — Furnished flat; call afternoons. -4S4
E«dy st. s .-;:-,
rLATS .WA-TTEP.
WANTED— A furnished flat or small house of
f> cr 6 rooms for three adult*; must be with-
in walking distance: price reasonable. Phone
Private Exchange 70S. Apartment 210.
WANTED — Flat or 6-room apartment: one
room north window; Western Addition;
adults. Box 22T.S, Call office.
PU— ZTITUZtE WASTES.
• WETLL GET YOUR BUSINESS"— We paj
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
littlnjrs, rr.frchHndi?e and houses. MARK J
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market st , be-
t»(«n Sth and 10th. Phone South J79.
ABE LEVY] "
FOrrrr.m. MSS Market St. Tel. Jessie 76L
Don't e«Il your furniture, carpets, office fcr-
clture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
V."ILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
c>n!ers or win rell en commission. I_ H.
BURP, me. 1CS6 Market: phone Jessie 2^3*.
CALL en Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mlszion St.. oe-
fr.r» tfi:ir.r your furniture. Phcne Red 44CT.
yuRHTTURr; fob sale.
CABPETS. curtains, portieres:, linoleum stove,
r!epa::t parlor furniture, new piano, 'daven- I
port. etr.. ail good as new at great sacrifice; !
»;-ror:m flat to let. Call Sunday 9:30 to 4
im.. M Sanchez Ft., bet. 13th and Uth.
IOST given away; storage pianos, furni-
re. cirt ciieap to pay storage. Whltehead"s 1
pragr; rpen evenings. 1GM Market st.
CRT MAYER pays hlrhe«t prices foTfnr-
ture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 813
?ION. 1<>;j — Nine furnished rooms for sale;
11 sell cheap; must leave town.
.DING bed. almost r.ew. $15; must sell.
11 Third *t.
ECZX-TA CUBE.
FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
barber Itch that I can't cure: a trial treat-
;nt free. DR. nROWN. 54 Sixth et.
TOTAKCIAIi.
: REALTY SYNDICATa
pltal paid la $4, GOO. 000 00
n>l«« V40.901 88
Issues
Blx per cent
Lnvestment Certificates
At par.
Office — No. 14 Sansome *_.
San Fra-cisco. CaL
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents: stock
•old; strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Write A. F. HARAEZTHY. S22 Crosaley bldg.
J3O00 WANTED for monopoly; good paying
business. Bex 2275. Call office.
HELP WABTEO — FE_IA_,E.
THE Romayne-Shirk Register. Renting and
Adv. Co.. C12-C13 Gra_t bldg.. cor. 7th and
Market; South 104.
2 experienced salesladies, city place.
2 dellcate-f* en salesladies.
Waitress, city hotel. $20 and found.
Olrl ren«-ral housework. 3 in family, $20.
Girl -wrapping fine wire on batteries. $25.
Girl light housework, cooking, easy place.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslag.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 wks; tuition $5 to those entering now; 3
positions to f.U Immediately; positions guar-
anteed at $10 wk. up; only recognized school
cf Its- kind on coast; day and eve. classes.
£33 Geary -t.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
epring season: both seasons taught from start
to fir.ish in one month for $S; positions as
trimmers, ealesladles. makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 pcelticns to be Clled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches. halrdress_ig.
manicuring, * lee trie massage, etc.; six hours' !
practice a day: guarantees positions; only
reccgnlzed college of Us kind on coast; day
sod evening classes; all parlor work at r*»
_uccd prices. 133 Powell st.
EETWINO MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS. _r_IPERS ANt> COATS; NO EX-
PE-tEENCENECESSART: STEADTWORK;
GOOD PAT. LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 32H
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. OOR. H^H AND CLAT STS..
SEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES-
SARY; ETEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI ETRAUSS & CO.
/ ______
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND COTTON-
ADE PANTS. STANDARD FACTORY.
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
i\ • I'THS wanted everywhere copying letters at
liome evenings cr tpare time and return to
«$; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
onrnod; irsatcrUils free: Inclose self-addressed
envelop* for particulu— . GUARANTEE CO.,
No. S 12 Ninth st.'. Philadelphia. Pa.
LADIES. ?7 to $10 weekly earned doing plain
rt-wlnt: horn'': material free everywhere pre-
nald' etamrifd adrirwwi envelope brings par-
il»-u!ers. Union Co., 1215 Filbert St., Phila-
delphia. Pa.
A YOITNG lady a» rtenographer and type-
vrrif-r in n-holrrale house; state pxperlenc.
approximate j<pff J In shorthand r.nd salary
«-xjvcted; »n««fr In handwriting. I*. M.,
r*» 21!).i. '~«!1 office.
l.'.niES 8 . *>r.ni $11 weekly oopjing letters linme:
-ddrrw-d * nv eloj-~ Tor particular?. National
DiRtributjTHf Co.. Albion. Mich.
■ LADIES having embroideries, Battentyrg,
Jrewn work to wll: el so order work. La-
lies' E-cbange. S4 Monroe,^Chicago.
: KS— P WASTED— PE__AIJ:-.CO-tl.ae-.
I C( |5!, K ' Ge f njan family, little washing, $30;' i
! r^ se *,'£ k ' PaJo Alt °. ?^5: second girl; Palo ;
j_y; maid and seamstress. $25; wai- !
: ire cs, v_fe, 527 60, no room; chambermaid
I and waitress, country hotel. $20; cook. 12
• a<;Ult7. Alameda. $35; nurse for sanitarium.
»->; pantry pirl for an institution, $25; 2
wond girl?. $20; housework, Oakland $30;
- nurses for a home, ?20; kitchen helper,
"mall restaurant. $15, and a large number of
Bins lor f»n*rel housework to cal! early
Monday to fill nice places in city and coun-
IP- * M - $25. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETr
« IO-. S.''l Sutter «.
WANTED— A middle-aged lady, good worker
and neat, for funeral housework for a wid-
ower with 3 children; must have good refer-
ence; wages $15. Address 500 Berlin et.,
F. A. T.
A NUMBER of ladles to complete dramatic
, ciub, directed by first-class professional
ftape manaser; evening rehearsals; co-opera-
I .?. l" an : small n-.onthly dues. Box 2073,
! Call office.
LADIES, $25 lOOO copying short letters home;
, naterlal free; send addressed envelope for
I copy of Utter & particulars. Eastern Co.,
*U Head building. Philadelphia, Pa.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish
! materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
; Ftamped envelope to ROYAL CO. 31 E
Mcnroo Bt.. Chicago.
A thoroughly experienced corset
saleslady; one capable of taking charge of
«ock. Apply between » and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
LADY to travel ; references ; salary $21 weekly
expenses advanced. J. S. ZIEGLER & CO '
S23 Dearbcrn Et.. Chicago.
WANTED— Bright young women to sell toys.
BROS- eCn and " *• m - at HA^ E
LAMES, earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
i?!?-\? el V^ fc i an:pe<1 « nv «'oP* for particulars.
IDLAL MFG. CO.. Cassopolls, Mich.
LADIES cam $20 per 100 writing short letters;
; fend stamped envelope. Rest Mfg Co
Valparaiso. Ind.
WOMAN with knowledge of business; perma-
nent position and opportunity fcr advance-
ment. Box 21 2S. Call.
L 'i, D > IES , fcr Et * a<3 y hcm e employment: $S and
512 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
; ket st.. room «1S.
j WANTED— Girl 15 or 16 years told to assist
, with housework; good home; wages $5 or $6
month. Address box 2242, Call office.
LADIES. *30 1000 copying letters; no mailing
to frieryis or lurnishlng addresses. U. S.
i Adv. Co.. D?pt. 202, Chicago.
WANTED — Young woman who is en experi-
enced glov* fitter. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young women to se-11 toys. Apply
between S and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
(Inc.)
TOY salesladies wanted. Apply between 9 and
11 - m. at HALE BROS.'
"WANTED — A cook at 914 Eddy st.
SINGERS wanted for amateur opera club. R.
KELLOGG. 1109 Franklin St.
WANTED— Girl for light housework; 2 in
family. Apply 2678 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework. Apply
2000 California st.
WANTED — A finisher on coats. 533 Natoma
street.
WANTED — A eood, steady girl for general
housework. 1035 Valencia st.
WANTED — A good, steady Scotch girl for
houscwork; good home. 1035 Valencia st.
WOULD exchange vocal or piano lessons for
elocution. Box 2149, Call.
A SECOND girl, $5 per week. 432 Capp st. .
WANTED— Experienced girl to Jog paper In
printing office. Apply 10 Main St., 3d floor.
YOUNG lady can have course In stenography
in exchange for services. Box 2204, Call.
WANTED— Salesladies for waists skirts and
children's coats. Box 21C3. Call.
NEAT, eapable woman, care for invalid and
light housework; eleep home. Box 2167, Call.
I NURSE girl wanted. 2510 Devisadero st.
WANTED — S young ladles at once. MRS.
DAY. 351 O'Fsrrell st.
GIRL for general housework;" pood home; good
wares; after 8:30 Monday. 138 McAllister.
WANTED — Young man to sell toys, i Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
"WANTED — A first-class non-union shlngler at
Fifth st. and Railroad ave., Alameda.
EXPERIENCED young girl, second work and
waitress; wages $25; ref. 9-12. 2709 Jackson.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as cook; 2 in family;
near Yountville. Call at 925 Valencia st.
WANTED — A middle-aged woman as a house-
keeper in a email family of 3- adults; waeej
$15: a good steady hcme. Address F. R.,
Tuolumne, Cal.
WANTED — Chocolate dipper; $10 to $12 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh st.
LADIES for steady home employment: $8 and
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar.
ket ct.. room 618.
WASTED — Protestant girl, family of 3, plain
cooking: wages $1S. 251 Scott st.
HEIiP WANTED — —ALE.
WE WANT ™— —
MEN AND WOMEN
TO LEARN
THE BARBER TRADE COMPLETELY IN
EIGHT WEEKS. WAGES EARNED
WHILE LEARNING.
It is a light, honorable and profitable trade
and furnishes steady employment all the year
around at good wages. You can open a barber
shop for yourself for less money than any
other business, and no other business pays
as large a dividend on the money Invested.
We have been established twelve years In
all the large cities, and in San Francisco for
the last elx years. Our reputation is widely
known, as our graduates are located all over
the United State*.
Do not be misled by a similarity of names,
as all other so-called barber colleges are im-
itators. We ,are the original and only Moler
Barber Collge In the State.
We have lately moved from Clay st. to larger,
better and more convenient quarters at B47,
«49 and C51 Eacramento si., where we have
newly fitted and added to our college the lat-
est improvements and appliances, and are
now fully equipped to give the latest in-
Ftructions in the tonsortal art In all Us
branches. Including facial massage, ladles'
halrdresilng. manicuring, electrolysis and
chiropody thoroughly and correctly.
Call and se« us or write for our free lllus-
i trated catalogue and special offer.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
649 SACRAMENTO ST.
Don't mistake the addrees.
] THE Romayn-Shlrk Register. Renting and
Adv. Co.. 612-613 Grant bldg., 7th and Mar-
ket; South 104.
Young man. 20 to 25 years, exp. stock clerk
in carpet dept. to learn carpet salesman,
$50 month to start.
Khoe salesman, steady position, $18 50 wk.
WaUhmaker. bench hand, $120 month.
Clothing salesman, nly store, $85 to $100.
Gents' lurnlshlng man, extra. $2 SO day.
Piano salesman, nice Job Inside, steady.
2 or 3 errand boys. $5 and $6.
Call Monday morning.
AT the National Employes' Record Company.
Assistant bookkeeper, neat penman, $40 start.
Stenographer, -good at spelling, good pay.
Carpet salesman with experience. $50 start.
Young man to make out Spanish invoices.
Operator on vests, excellent pay.
Young man..roda fountain, $3S.
Bookkeeper. German and Engllvh. good pay. '
Entry clerk, rapid penman. $50.
Open to-day. 9 a. m. until 3 p. m.
61 Third «t.. suite 9-10.
POSITIONS FOR THE NEW YEAR.
High-grade talesman, office and technical
men, seeking positions, will find it to their
advantage to investigate our plan, whether
employed or unemployed, we can interest
you. Calls received daily for men for de-
sirable positions in mercantile and technical
lines. Our charges are moderate and our
responsibility is open to your investigation.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY,
415-416 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary r.-t. .
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
Conducted on strictly business principles.
Positions secured for
Office men. Bookkeepers.
Stenographers. Collectors.
Traveling salesmen. Accountants.
Office manacers. Railroad clerks.
Shlppinr clerks.. Bill clerks.
Irfiw office clerks. Hotel clerks.
General office men in all Ijnes business.
T.02 Starr King bldg., 121 Geary st.
'■ AT HORD & SMITH' S.
Contractors' Agents. / 05 'Third st.
Man for camp corral, bay shore. $35 founi.
•"horeman. take care r, cows and 1 horse,
nlso deliver milk, §18 and found, city.
Solicitor, tea and '.coffee, city, good induce-
ments.
Men for. dye house. $15 to $20. experienced.
WANTED— On<» or two' men to learn a trad-;
"muct have $10 for security: no Sunday, work. ,
Call 618 Merchant, bet. Kearny and ; MontsT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER >1S, 1904.
HEItP •WANTED — -IA_E— Continued.
. /
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY &. KEADY. <j:ii-KJli Clay st.
y^-j+.v P-one Main 6S1S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French. Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
languages.
1903 We Gave ' 1904 We Hope to
00,000 Men Work. Increase 00,000.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE IS THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
EVERY LAW-ABIDING
AMERICAN CITIZEN
STAND BY YOUR GUNS.
THE LAWS OF THE CITY -•'-
OF SAN FRANCISCO
WILL HE ENFORCED.
THE GRAFTERS WILL
TO OUR PATRONS AND THE GENERAL
PUBLIC:
On the 1st of January, 1904. in the San
Francisro daily papers, the public were ac-
quainted of our former year's work relative
to employer and employe. We called special
attention to the lawlessness of many of the
union workmen in California, but more es-
pecially to the obnoxious walking delegate.
We claimed then, as we do now, that all men
have a right to form a union for the benefita
honestly derived from the affiliation of similar
trades coupled with fraternal organizations,
etc., but when labor unionists say that men
cannct work beside them* because they do not
belong to their union they are wrong, funda-
mentally wrong. When they attempt to dic-
tate to employers how they shall run their
buBinerses, force honest business men into
bankruptcy, deny the son of an honest me-
chanic the right to learn a trade, thus prac-
tically making a tramp of him unless he learns
a trade as a convict in San Quentin; force
lews through the Legislature and ordinances
through the munfcipal governments which are
unconstitutional, compel the political parties
and hundreds of fraternal organizations,
through fear, to put a "tamale sign" (the
uiiion label) on their printing; force men to
bt'eome idle and boycott men who will not
Join them, then "they are wrong, radically
wrong. We -still adhere to the above state-
ment.
This year has been the hardest and most
stubbornly contested of our lives. Day and
night we have, with our great force of clerks
and the assistance of Innumerable friends,
fought the moral lepers, the walking delegates,
on behalf of the great majority, who are non-
union men. Mothers and fathers, without num-
ber, have pleaded to us on bended knees and
uplifted hands to God to assist them, on be-
half of their boys, to help open the shop,
whereby they could learn a trade. The honest
v.-crkman. forced to Join unions against his
will, pleaded with us to continue in our -work,
that the shops might be opened and that he
might work by the side of his fellow man
whether he or his fellow man belonged to
labor unions, fraternal organizations, believed
In the same creed or went to the same church.
His desire was and Is now to uphold the con-
stitution of the United States. He knew well
that the welfare of his home depended upon
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE IS THF.
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK. With such
pleadings and such support we were determined
t) continue in the great work we had already
started, viz: TO SEE THE SHOPS OPEN.
THAT MAN COULD WORK BY THE SIDE
OF MAN WITHOUT THE INTERFERENCE
OF ANY ONE.
We had scarcely started this spring when
the holdups commenced. We will mention one,
viz.: the United Railroads. On May 1 the
United Railroads asked our aid, which was
gladly given. Result: WE WON THE
GREAT VICTORY and the public Is receiv-
ing the benefit thereby.
We saw the public upholding our hand, and
then issued a book, written by Herbert V.
Ready, entitled "THE LABOR PROBLEM."
of which 107,000 copies have been distributed
throughout America, and the demand for them
to-day is as great as on the first day of pub-
lication. The book portrayed by prose, poetry
and cartoons the injustice done to the great
masses in California, especially in San Fran-
cisco. No labor unions or walking delegates
were spared, as we were determined that the
American boy should learn a trade in the city
or town in which he resides and not in the
State prison, where the walking delegate
would rather see him go. The public demand-
ing the OPEN SHOP and supporting us, we
pressed forward with strong, forceful, fair,
plain, explicit, unequivocal determination,
sparing neither time nor expense to accomplish
that end. We foresaw millions of dollars be-
ins driven away from this city, we foresaw
our great city doomed to destruction, we fore-
saw our homes being destroyed, we foresaw
the freedom of our churches passing away,
we foresaw the constitution of the United
Str.tes trampled on and -we foresaw. In the
near future, the reign of anarchy. We could
stand It no longer, and with a stroke of the
pen and the voice that has been ringing, is
now and will continue to ring as long as God
lends us breath, we put our bank account
with our determination, and during the past
year we have spent $10,000 that JUSTICE
SHALL PREVAIL and the RIGHT OF MAN
TO LIVE SHALL BE THE RIGHT OF MAN
TO WORK In the city of San Francisco and
the State of California.
In October of this year our Herbert V.
Ready left his business and. with the assist-
ance of twenty-five OPEN SHOP advocates,
went to the following thirty-eight cities:
Salt Lake, Omaha. Pittsbunr, Allegheny,
Kansas City, Chicago. New York, Brooklyn/
Manhattan. Providence, Syracuse, Lowell,
New Orleans, San Antonio, Denver. St. Jo-
seph. Cincinnati, St. Louis, East St. Louis,
Cleveland, Boston, Toledo, Columbus, Roch-
ester, New Haven, Houston, El Paso. Oteden.
Philadelphia, Erie, Buffalo Portland. Jersey
City, Baltimore, Worcester, Paterson," Mem-
phis, Galveston, seektng the assistance, not
of ons State, but of every State in the Union
which possessed mechanics willing tn come to
California and work in the OPEN SHOP, so
that the future of our great city and State
of California should be proclaimed to th<»
world bs a FREE STATB IN A FREE
COUNTRY. Thirty-nine thousand men have
signed applications. Here Is* the application*
.35,000
35,000
MEN
WANTED— WANTETX
Hack drivers Sheet metal roofers
Dairymen filgn writers
Barbers Steam engineers
Bartenders . Stone cutters
Brewers Steam R. R. employes '
Glovemakem Chemical workers
Laundry help Tool and cutlery maken
Waiters Cotton mill operators
Cooks . Umbrella workers
Butchers Freight handlers
Bakers millers
Confectioners Laundry worker*
Cigar-makers Furniture makers
Gnu workers Bookbinders' men
Electricians • dlassmakers
Coppersmiths Leather workers
Coopers . Ironmolders
Casting-clippers Iccmaksrs
Painters, carriage Pteam fitters .
Brewery workmen Firemen v
Brass finishers Electrical worker-
Boilermakers Granite cutters
Boatbullders Marble cutters
Window-shade maker Mosaic workers
Varnlnhers & polisher Paint burners
Carpenters Painters
Sheet metal workers Plasterers
Woodworkers Plumbers .
Bricklayers J . Casters and raolders
Canmakers Ship machine shop
Soap and soda makers Upholsterers
Iron drillers Undertakers
Joiners, ship, etc. Typographical help
Machinists Trunk and bag worker-
Metal polishers Tanners
Pavers Sugar- wcrkers
Hammermen Street-car men
nange workers Stovemakers
Pastemakers Stereotypers "
Pattemsrnakers Electrotypers
Lithographers Elevator constructor*
Paper-box makers Cement workers
Pipe and tank makers Planing mill help
Picture frame workers [ *■.■?
Picture frame workers 1 • '
Bicycle and automobile makers
Boot and fhoe makers and repairers
Brass finishers and chandelier makers
Glaziers and ornamental slassworkcrs
■J'apefhangers eand fresco painters £*"V^
Lead, paint and oil works
Pil«»drfvers. bridge builders
I Tailors and doakmakers
Blacksmiths and horsenhoera
Bridge and structural iron workers
Mantel. -grate and tile setters
Shipwrights and caulkers.
Reed and rattan workers
Cracker snd biscuit makers
TO IMMEDIATELY FILL THE FOLLOW-
ING. BLANK:
- December .,1904.
Name
Address .'.....; .-.-..
state "..'.'. !'.!!!.!".!!!!
Age
Single or married
Nationality
' Occupation ....'. ...-
Are you willing to go to San Francisco or to
other California cities and townn to, work
beside man and maji?. ("No { distinction.")
OPEN -SHOP PLAN
Wages and hours ".'.'.'.".
- A« now paid ".
Fill out blank and forward to following
address: MURRAY & READY.
634 to 6C6 Clay st., San Francisco, Cal.
g__P WANTED— MALE— Contln-s-.
They ar? ready and waiting the call to as-
sist us in tho great work for the coming year,
that evt»ry shop of every trade will be OPEN
for every n<an desiring to apply to the em-
ployer for a chance to sell his labor as he
chooses, for the right of every boy to learn the
trade of his choice.
' To accomplish this 'OPEN SHOP every Em-
ployer should start now to hire none other
than OPEN SHOP men. Why? 'Because the
so-called labor unions are weakening and the
walking delegates are running to cover. The
walking delegates know full well that when
good labor is plentiful, as It is now, and with
the assistance of 89,000 applications from men
of every trade to come to California the»
dare not make a demand for employers to sign
contracts, etc., for the CLOSED SHOP, but
let the employers fall to hire OPEN SHOP
help durlna the next four months and the
labor unions, led by these agitators, will then
present a hold-up contract and will try to
tr,ai> the employers again, as they have done
in the past. Kemerab* that labor on the
1st of May will be in greater demand than
it is to-day.
Our patrons, as well as the general public, '<
can depend upon us and likewise upon the as-
sistance of a newspaper, "THE MESSAGE,"
which our Herbert V. Ready started, devoted
to labor and capital Monday, November 14,
1004. first issue. 150,000 copies; November 21.
second issue, 250,000 copies, the demand being
so great we are still printing more copies.
January 1, 1005, we will issue third edition
or 300,000 copies, and intend to continue to
publish monthly and possibly weekly.
Untold thousands of letters, telegraph, tele- I
phone and personal messages have been and
are still being received irom EMPLOYERS
OF LABOR indorsing unqualifiedly our stand
and reciprocating our sentiments. For same
: wp thank you. But without your assistance
we would have failed. Th e credit belongs not t o
us. but to you. Continue to assist us v ln the
future as you have in the past. You will
j reap an abundant harvest from the good seed
sown.
With your great assistance we have no
fear in sayinjr that ONE YEAR FROM TO-
DAY, OR BEFORE, this city and the entire
State of California will have reverted back
to what God intended and the constitution of
th<» United States Insures, THE OPEN SHOP
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE, THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
1 LABOR AGITATORS AND WALKING
DELEGATES IN THE UNITED 'STATES
HERE ARE A KEW. QUESTIONS THE PUB-
LIC DEMAND YOU TO ANSWER-
HOW MUCH MONEY HAVE YOU VOTED
TO DEFY THE LAWS OF THE COUNTRY?
HOW MANY SECRET MEETINGS HAVH
YOU HELD TO HOLD UP AND ROB EM-
PLOYERS?
HOW MANY MEN HAVE YOU DEPORT-
ED OUT OF TUB STATES?
HOW MANY MURDERS HAVH YOU
BEEN THE INSTIGATORS OF? WE WILL
ANSWER THIS FOR YOU. SO GREAT THE
NUMBER YOU CANNOT TELL, BUT HERE
IS A PARTIAL. STATEMENT: "^"^
NON-UNION MEN 125
WHY WERE THEY MURDERED? BE-
CAUSE THEY WANTED TO WORK
HOW MANY NON-UNION MEN HAVE
YOU CRIPPLED AND INJURED? DO YOU
KNOW?
HERE IS A PARTIAL STATEMENT FROM
JANUARY 1, 1902, TO JUNE 30 1004-
NON-UNION MEN ...'..ICG
WHAT FOR?
BECAUSE THEY WANTED TO WORK.
HOW MANY FAMILIES HAVE YOU
DRIVEN TO STARVATION?
HOW MANY BOYS HAVE YOU TURNED
HOBOES AND SENT TO PRISON?
HOW MANY NEW-BORN BABES HAVE
YOU STARVED AT TUB MOTHER'S SIDE
FOR^THE WANT OF MILK FROM THE
HOW MANY HEARSES. BEARING THE
BODIES OF MEN, WOMEN AND CHIL-
DREN TO THE GRAVE, HAVE YOU HELD
UP IN THE PUBLIC STREETS OF CITIES?
HOW MUCH CAPITAL HAVE YOU
DRIVEN OUT OF SAN FRANCISCO AND '
THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA?
HOW MUCH GRAFTING HAVE YOU
WALKING DELEGATES DONE WITH CER-
TAIN BUSINESS MEN?
HOW MANY JUDGES HAVE YOU TRIED
TO BRIBE?
HOW MANY UNLAWFUL BOYCOTTS
HAVE YOU PUT ON BUSINESSES?
HOW MANY POLITICIANS HAVE YOU
ASKED TO SIGN AWAY THEIR LIBERTY?
HOW MANY STRIKES HAVE - YOU
CALLED. BLINDING THE POOR WORK-
ING MAN AND MAKING HIM WALK OUT
IN SYMPATHETIC STRIKE* AS A BLIND-
FOLDED DOG. . WALKING ON THE
TRAPEZE. ONLY TO FALL IN THE PIT
OF STARVATION?
HOW MANY WALKING DELEGATES
HAVE LEFT THEIR WIVES AND CHIL-
DREN TO THE WORLD'S MERCY?
HOW MANY THUGS HAVE YOU EM-
PLOYED TO BEAT HONEST NON-UNION
MEN?
HOW MANY ARMS OF NON-UNION MEN
HAVE YOU LAID BARB ON THE SIDE-
WALK AND CRUSHED TO A PULP?
HOW MANY POUNDS OF DYNAMITE
HAVE YOU USED TO DESTROY LIFE AND
PROPERTY?
HOW MANY COUPLING PINS. BRASS
KNUCKLES. ' DAGGERS. SLINGSHOTS
ROCKS. HATCHETS. RIFLES. PISTOLS
AND CLUBS HAVE YOU USED ON HON-
EST AMERICAN NON-UNION WORKMEN? !
HOW MANY HONEST BUSINESS MEN
HAVE YOU DRIVEN TO THE WALL?
HOW MANY HONEST MECHANICS.
WORTH $8 A DAY, HAVE YOU MADE TO !
WORK BESIDE THE BUM MECHANIC, i
WORTH ONLY $1 A DAY. BUT FORCED
BOTH TO TAKE $4 tA. DAY.
TO WHAT EXTENT HAVE YOU STOP-
PED THE EDUCATION OF CHILDREN?
HOW MUCH MONEY HAVE YOU EX-
TORTED FROM THE HONEST WORKING
MAN?
HOW MANY SKULLS OF LABOR HAVE
YOU CRUSHED?
FROM HOW MANY FIELDS OF LABOR
HAVE YOU GATHERED DISHONEST
•MONEY. SUCH AS:. WAGES BELONGING
TO HONEST TOILERS' WIVES AND CHIL-
DREN. WORKING MEN'S SAVINGS RE-
TURNS FP.OM BLACKMAIU BRIBE
MONEY. BOODLE. AND TO WHOSE GAM-
BLING HOUSES HAVE YOU TAKEN THE
MONEY ? ;
WHEN THE SUN OF INVESTIGATION
CAME UP HOW MANY WENT LOCK-STEP
TO THE STATE PRISON AND HOW MANY
OTHERS ARE FOLLOWING?
HOW MANY NEWSPAPERS HAVE YOU
BOYCOTTED? TO WHAT EXTENT HAVE
YOU GARBLED THE PRESS. THE- GREAT-
EST EDUCATOR OF THE WORLD?
HOW MANY NON-UNION MEN HAVE
YOU SHANGHAIED?
HOW MANY INSTITUTIONS FOR THE
BLIND. WHO MAKE BROOMS, HAVE YOU
BOYCOTTED?
HOW MANY YELLOW JOURNA.LS.
WHOSE PAGES ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR
BLACKMAIL. GAMBLING. GRAFTING.
DRUNKENNESS. IGNORANCE. THUG ISM
BRIBERY. SOCIAL FILTH, BLASPHEMY,
MURDER. ABSCONDERS. AGITATORS.
WALKING DELEGATES AND BROKEN
HOMES. DO YOU OWN AND CONTROL?
WHAT IS YOUR ANSWER?
ONCE IN OUR TIME THERE IS A MAN?
(With apologies to Rudyard Kipling;.)
O ye who hold the hidden strings j
That bring the worklngman to time;
That force him to unlawful things
And ntaln his hands with heinous crime,
Beware! Beware! Time's cycle brings
Rewards most strange. "Tis nature's plan
For. every wrong she finds a man.
Proud In the greatness of your strength.
Blind In the pride that nears a fall, .
Your Influence drags its wearing length
And throws its shadow o'er us all.
Again, beware! 'Tis nature's plan,
For every wronjr she finds a man.
Clothed with a little transient power,
N Borne, on the crest of passing wrong
You bristly strut your little hour
Crushing the weak, fearing the strong.
Icnorant fools'. Since time began,
For every wrong there comes a man.
The man is here. You know the place
Where labor seeks for honest toil, .
Where boycottern their steps retrace.
Where labor .rafters seek to foil
His rushinc trade by evil plan.
No long-sr search; no further scan-
Here is tho. place, here Is the man.
MURRAY & READY. 634-G36 Clay st.
Phone Main BS48.
• Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: THE RIGHT
■< OF, MAN TO WORK.
MURRAY A READY.
MURRAY & READY. .
MURRAY & READY.
.MURRAY & READY.
■ MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY &i READY.
MURRAY & READY.
HELP WAITTEP— MALE— Contlnned.^
-1 "■ OPEN TO-DAY.
Sunday— 8 to 12 a. m.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 6S48.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THE
' , . RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We cave la 1003 1904 we hope to
60.000 men work. increase 60.000
12 ranch hands. $28 and $30 and found.
0 pruners. $2fl and $30 and found.
6 dairymen, $30 and $40 and found.
Foreman for a brickyard, boss here.
Tinsmith. $3 to $4 day.
5 SAILMAKERS, $4 DAY.
1 Dyer and cleaner. .5 apprentice, boys.
Marker and distributor, southern laundry.
$.15 week.
, MARRIED. ,_„
Cook and wife, kitchen work, country, $80 fd.
Cook and wife, mine. Nevada; $55 found.
Milker and wife, Portuguese. $40 found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 hotel cooks, $55, $40, $30 and found.
Porters, bell and elevator boys.
MURRAY & READY. .634-636 Clay st.
TO-DAY.
CROWDS GOING, ARE YOU?
COAL MINERS— OREGON— COAL MINEHS
OREGON— COAL MINERS— OREGON.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK FOREMEN!
Working grade foreman, near city; $2 BO day.
FOREMEN.
Steam shovel foreman; handle gang of men
around steam shovel; bors here; $100 month.
LOOK I
Quarry, limestone, . foreman, familiar In
the use of dynamite and air drill.
$30 PER WEEK.
Rock foreman: government work; $3 50 day.
4 STABLEMEN— $50 TO $60.
1 laborers near city; $1 75 day,
LOOK! .»«
Camp cook, $40; waller, same place, $20.
3 boys for telephone switches, ; etc.; $4 to $5
™ MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
APPROVED BY GOVERNOR,
February 14. 1003.
HERE IS THE LAW. ,r
READ IT.
Read first time January 13, 1903.
It i» unlawful in the STATE OF CALI-
FORNIA for any person, firm, corporation
or association pursuing, for profit, to receive
directly ' or " indirectly any money or other
valuable consideration from any person seek-
ing employment for the REGISTERING OF
HIS or HER NAME. The position must be
actually furnished— NOT REGISTRATION.
■<■•, Respectfully,
MURRAY & READY. (34-636 Clay st.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — Gardener
for i the country. $40 and found; waiters.
. Nevada Co., $30; dishwasher, $30; cook and
wife. $100. etc.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S election insures
an increase in Civil Service appointments.
' Those intending to take the next examina-
tion should bend to the Columbia Correspond-
ence College, Washington, D. C, and secure
its free Civil Service announcement, contain-
ing dates, salaries, places for holding exam-
inations and questions recently used by the
Government.
BARBERS — Journeymen barbers of local 14S,
take notice — There will be election of officers
for the ensuing year Monday evening, > Dec.
19. All must be present. Fine of $1 will be
enforced if not present. By order of the
executive . board. JOS. R. BLEILY, sec
GOVERNMENT positions; more than 30,000 ap-
pointments last year; chances better than
ever; thousands we have prepared have been
' appointed; write for free circular J-l. giving
list of positions, salaries, examinations,
sample questions, etc., to National Cor-
respondence Institute, Pacific Coast office. 927
Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
IF you are competent to fill a $1000-$5000 posi-
tion, we have many opportunities for you:
positions for salesmen, executive, clerical,
technical men now open; write for booklet
and state position desired. HAPGOODS.
Brain Brokers, 917 Chemical bid., St. Louis.
WANTED — Responsible man to manage an of-
fice and distributing depot for large manu-
facturing concern; salary $150 per month and
commissions; applicant must have good ref-
erences and $2000; capital secure. Address
Supt., S23 West 12th st., Chicago. ,
WANTED-i-Active, Intelligent and honest boy
to learn hardware business; must live with
parents and furnish good references. Apply
In person Monday morning between the hours
of 8 and 10 a. m. to Palace Hardware Com-
pany, 603 Market st.
WANTED — 10 men in each State to travel,
tack signs, distribute samples and circulars
of our goods; salary $75 mo.; $3 per day
expenses. Kuhlman Co.. Dept. D16. Atlas
block. Chicago.
BOOKKEEPER and all-round office man. who
3 has $800. to invest, will receive one-half in-
terest in a well established and profitable
business; salary assured. $100 a month. Ad-
dress box 2248. Call office. , .■>;;•_'.
A NUMBER of gentlemen to complete dramat-
ic club: directed by first-class professional
stage manager; evening rehearsals: co-opera-
tive plan; small monthly dues. Box 2074 Call.
SALESMAN, experienced In varnishes, paints,
leaf, bronze powder, etc.. to represent lead-
ing New York house on Pacific Coast. Box
2112. Call.
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.;. no can-
vassing; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau, Chi-
cago. / ■
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters home
evenings, $9 60 week; send addressed enve-
lope for particulars. Manager Dept. S 12,
box 1411, Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED-7-One or two men to learn a trade;
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call 61S Merchant, bet. Kearny and Montgy.
STENOGRAPHERS, bookkeepers, clerks to
prepare for Government examinations soon to
take place. Particulars, box 2103, Call.
MEN wanted, tack signs, distribute circulars,
samples, etc.; permanent: good pay. AMER-
ICAN UNION, Pontlac bldg., Chicago. •
Detectives, steady work; no experience. Adj.
Dept.. American Detective Agcy, Milwaukee.
WANTED — Young man to do light office work.
Apply box 2705. Call office.
WANTED— Office boy. Box 2113. Call office.
SALESMAN to drum city restaurants for
grocer's specialty. 319 Clay st.
BOY wanted in furniture shop, 7:30 Monday
morning. 116 Beale st.
WANTED--Young man with some cash for
legitimate, paying business. Box 2250, Call.
WANTED— Errand boy. . 933 Market St., fifth
floor. "■ . - :
COOK wanted. Apply at "Clack's Saloon,"
Halght and Gough ats.
WANTED — A young man to buy a high-grade
employment agency. Box 2099, Call.
WANTED— Salesman. W. W. NORTON. 129
Third st.. between 9 and 10 a. m. •
BOY in plumbing shop, $3 a week to start."
S83 Geary st. .
GOOD jewelry polisher;- eteady Work. LA-
CROIX & ALKALAY, 3 Hardie place.
GILLETT'S school Is the place to learn the
", barber, trade. 611 Commercial st.
WANTED — An errand boy. H< L. ROTER-
MUNDT, 408 Eacramento «t.
BARBER trade taught absolutely free.
HAIGHTS, 751 Mission st. See him.
WANTED — Clerks, bookkeepers and stenog-
raphers to Dresare for Government post-
tlons In Panama. Particulars free. Apply
at once Pacific CorresDondence Institute.
Grant bids,, 1050 Market st.
WANTED— Young man to sell. gents' furnish-
ing goods. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
.HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Planing mill foreman to figure and
solicit for mlllwork: short distance from city
California Saw. Works, 208-210 Mission st.
WANTED— 2 bright- errand boys at M.
FRIEDMAN & CO.'S. 233 Post st.
FOR SALE — 3-c^air barber ahoD at a sacri-
fice if sold by " Monday. Call 804 Folsom st.
MEN— The only original' Moler Barber College
teaches barber .trade In 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
■■* New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for Illustrated catalogue.
- Moler. Barber College, 649 Sacramento at.
Lately. moved from Clay st. '
WANTED — Few high-class solicitors to sell
'certificates of. deposit in a banking corpora-
* tlon; some financial assistance to. those with
ability and. Al references: none other need
apply; opportunity to' realize $5 to $10 per
day. Address, box 1040. Call office.
A" PLEASANT faced.- fine "appearing registered
- physician and surgeon: . must be quite gray.
but active: ■ positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st."
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to knew
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
- added -100 new rooms to tho Denver,. House,
\ 217 .Third »t.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED— Men to prepare for railway mail.
■7 Internal revenuo and custom-house positions;
•J free catalogue,." 1 Pacific Correspondence Instl-
..,; tute," Grant', bldg., j 1095 Market; ; open ' evgs.
CARRIAGE painters; good chance, for good
'■r "man; "no opposition; cheap rent.*- Box 87,
Uvtrmore. CaL '.•■•"
HELP WANTED— MAT.E — Contlnne*.
WANTED — Educated gentleman for encyclope-
dia work; $1000 per year; references required.
Box 1190. Call office. ■
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission St.. bet. 1st and -1 sts.,
; or 11 Third st.. E-amlner building.
WANTED— Men to fill S50 rooms at 20c per,
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. CS1 Howard, r.r. Cd.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 CO
pair; foot-form shoes. f$2 BO; we pay express
I charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
SCHOOLBOY to carry morning papers; no
Sunday work. Apply 1325 Mission st.
WANTED — A second-hand Ice plant, immedl-
ately. Box 1603. IOCS Market st.
COLEMAN exchange — Barber shops bought and
sold. Room 806. Mutual Bank bldg.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale. $300; owner
going East. 218 Montgomery ave.
MEN to . learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market st.. room 104.
• MEN, learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) fcr
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson at.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln.. 73c.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r. 415.
PENSION atty., E. A. BulIIs. r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 -rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S MarCet St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. . ; . ■ V
ALL sizes men's shoes slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SALESMEN WANTED.
WANTED — Men who are now successfully en-
. gaged in representing wholesale tailoring
firms. The best -wholesale tailoring- house in
the United States will give such men an op-
portunity to make more money. The very
best sample equipment, such as wooi.ecs. on
consignment, swatches, unlimited advertUins
matter, etc.. will be furnished. Branch
stores will be opened without requiring in-
vestment. Sure Income assured to right par-
ties. Good salesmen will find this their op-
portunity. Address F. K. NICHOL, lock
box 629, Chicago. 111.
WE paid one salesman *4S0 commissions in
one week; pocket sample. D. T. WEIR
WHITE LEAD CO.. St. Louis. Mo.
WANTED — By a wholesale manufacturing
furnishing goods house, an experienced trav-
eling salesman for the southern part of the
State and Arizona. Box 2137, Call.
WANTED— Capable salesman for California to
sell staple line to country m-srehants. RED-
FIELD. Houser building. St. Louis, Mo.
TRAVELING salesman by wholesale house for
California to fill vacancy; 19C5 contract; state
experience. Drawer "S," Chicago.
$3 DAY salary to energetic ladies or gentle-
men: apply 0 to 5. 340 Croaslay building.
H0BSZ8 AND V7AQONS.
FIRE sale— Vehicles of all descriptions slight-
ly damaged by fire, smoke and water, to be
sold at a sacrifice during next 5 days at
O'BRIEN & SONS', SCO Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — A sound bay mare, about 900; a
first-class double driver. $50. no less. Call
at 362 Vernon St., Oakland, Red 4203.
A YOUNG brewery horse; price $125; weight
1200 lbs. EAGLE BREWING CO.. Eight-
eenth and Harrison st.
TWO carloads broke horses, weighing from
1C00 to 1600 pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
■ ket. E. STEWART & CO.. 220 Valencia.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready: mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREEL Y. Pres.. 510 Golden Gate
THREE double teams for sale; drive double or
single. )523 Howard st.
NEW and second-hand wagons for sale at
ROBERTS'. 1615 Market st.
SPONGES and chamois my specialties. STAN-
LEY ADDERLEY. 307 Market St.. S. F.
A BUSINESS buggy for sale for $45 Box
1196. Call office.
BUGGY, good condition, for sale; $25 Box
- 1008. Call office.
FOR sale — A fine road horse; 5 years old; gen-
tle; good traveler. Box 119. Call office.
$20^ — HORSE; 3-can milk wairon. rubber tire
buggy, cart; must sell. 2728 Bryant st.
PHAETON for sale; In first-class condition.
Apply at 29 West Mission st.
FOR sale — Buggy. $35; horse, work single or
double. $35. 1318 Grove st.
FOR sale — 10 second-hand express wagons, one
sln_le truck. 233 Beale st.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES^TO^ &ET.
A— PRINTED list of houses toTetT^senXf or clr^
cular. G. .H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home-
Presidio Heights; S rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office. . ... y
GEARY, 1511 — House. 6 rooms, bath: lm-
provements; gas: bath; basement rooms.
TO LET— House of 8 rooms; rent $17 DO Ap-
• ply on premises, 57 Minna st.
TO let— House. 720 Corbett ave.; rent $30
month.
HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath. Inquire 120
Eddy at.
HOUSES TO I.ET — rTTBIT-SHEP.
EIGHT rooms. 2 baths; fine marine view; near
Golden Gate Park; rert very reasonable.
Van Ness ave. — Large sunny house; well
located; for a year or more; suited for first-
class boarding-house or vnyslcian.
CURB AN CLARK. 636 Market st.
PINE. 27S6 — Cozy, sunny, bay-window resi-
dence, completely furnished; yard; basement;
nice locality.
WELL furnished houses, 10 and 6- rooms
each:" modern Improvements; garden: yard.
410 Oak.
HOUSES rUBNISHEP— fOB SALE.
TEN rooms, nicely furnished, at a sacrifice.
726 Post st.
' COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 large rooms: large yard, with
stable: all modern improvements: rent $IS.
Inquire 1300 Florida st., corner 25th.
COTTAGE for rent; 5 rooms and bath. large
yard. 41S0 Twenty-fifth et., near Castro.
COTTAGE; 4 rooms; every convenience; rent
$15. 350 Preclta ave.
$16 — B-ROOM cottage on Cottage row. nr. Web-
ster. bet. Butter and Bush. Inquire No. 7.
. COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED — By young couple, completely fur-
nished rottage across bay, 3 or 4 rooms.
Box 27C6. Call office.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Five-room cottage. Box 2634. Call
office.
■ ..I V . HOTEJLS.__
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van"Ness~ave7—
This first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially fcr families for the
season cr year. Location is unsurpass?d. Tho
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are • large, sunny and
. comfortable: superb view: furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
New York, and Mcana Hotel, Honolulu.
BU1LDING~CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 612 Callazhan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot:
$S a month pays principal and Interest ca
tach'$10CO of balance due, mukln; your lr.-
ttallments les* than rent: fend for clrrnTar
LOST AJTP FOUND.
LOST— A pass book with, the Hlbern'.a Sav-
ings end Loan Society of San Franc: s >.». in
the rame of Margrete Munroe. No. J .:»• I .»•■;•;.
The finder will ylease return to briik.
' LOST— On chair car of San Jo*e train, Sun-
day. D*«c. 11. lady's wrist bag. containing
cold watch and other "article. Keturn to
room 11. ferry building, gan Francisco. Cal. ;
.reward.
LOST — A pass bock with the Hibemla Savin v-3
and Loan Society ot San Francisco in t n--
name of ELIZABETH--. .MACKENZIE. No.
: 211-1110; the finder will please return to
LOST AKP rOU_T_> — Co_ tinned.
LOST— Dec. 14. two rings; 1 quartz and 1
mar.jui.~e ruby; suitable reward. 743 CFar-
rell st.
LOST — Friday evening, box containing lae»
skirt. Return to 239? Folscm st. ; $-0 re-
ward; no questions asked.
LOST— By poor widow $15 In gold, tied In
handkerchief. Return S31 Bartlett; reward.
LO.V- — All Mack retriever dctr "Tlge." Re-
turn 174 Shotwell st.; reward.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, at beach, aouth ot
Park, lilack Scotch collie- bitch. Suitable re-
ward If returned to 1328 Forty-ninth ave..
Boulevard station, or notify where can be
found.
LOST— Lemon and white setter bitch. Return
to 2210 Stelner St.; liberal reward.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 paxes, fn wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
• i— .uncitEs roB ktrti.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and bq-lnesa: tsl. Bush 834.
MATSIMOKIAI..
BACHELOR of 53. refined and educated, good
health, has an Independent Income, would
like to correspond wtth lady; object matri-
mony. Box 1500. Call office.
A HOME loving and refined gentleman, good
appearance, kind disposition, wlshe* to meet
a lady of refinement; object matrimony. Box
1197. Call office.
REFINED lady, blonde, wishes the acquaint-
ance of a trustworthy gentleman with means;
no trlflers; object matrimony. Bos 2002, Call.
WIDOWER. 35. wishes to correspond with
lady; must posses* means; object matrimony.
Box 1(©», Call office.
JEWISH yours man would meet refined J«-w-
tsh younc: woman; object matrimony. Box
2741. Call office.
A CONTRACTOR wishes to meet • respectable
working woman; object matrimony. Box
lUtS. Call of rice.
MAP.IUAOE paper, best published. 10c. Ad-
dress box 121. Oakland. Cal.
MATTSESSES A2TD PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (foroaJdehyd*
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOP KB
BROS.. H32-3* Howard St. : phon» South 21B.
SLEDICAI..
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment ceculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Fran-
cisco who haa devoted a litetime to helping
women: 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no ray.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'CONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female-
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
every case taken; immediate relief; no poi-
soning drugs; low fees; my methods will cur*
all casc3 of irregularity; by consulting m.
rave time and money; advice free. Offlo*,
101S Market st.
LADIES — Possibly I'm cot the cheapest nor
yet the eldest specialist here, but I AM -
RELIABLE graduate physician. When l_
trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results cr no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years,
DR. E. G. WEST, office 303 Kearny st.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe:
estab. 1S34 In S. F. ; 26 yean' experience:
female complaints only: Drs. Goodwin Is well
known to enjoy the Implicit confidence, of
ladlea suffering from irregularities or other
cenditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; feo low: hours 2to 4 and 6:3Q> to 8:30
p. m. 830 Market st., second floor, foom 37.
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, _11> Kearny
st. ; relief guaranteed; no drugs.no operations.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fa-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market •_. opp. St_
VALPEAU'3 remale pills: best regulating pills
sold; price $2 SO by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHER3.
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. *_
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all fema!a
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Pot St.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies specialist, removed
from His Market to 838 Mission St.. near
Fourth; hcme in confinement: 2ft years* ex-
perience; best medical attention; low fees.
TALBOT BARNARD. Australian Nerve 8peo-
ialist., has arrived; limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
_, — _
Milt:. HATS femala cones; guaranteed; sura
remedy; $2. Smart Set Mfg. Co.. 310 Mission.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 611A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 69T.
LADIES — Kumrocnd; cafe. sure, never fall*;
$2. Gieason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St.. corns*
2Gth: ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
;'..- W,. MINES AND MUTX-TO.
WANTED — Partner with small caDital to de-
velop gold bearing ore. Three claims- In e»-
tabllshed mining district In California;
owner here: will show property: ore at our
r.fTIce. ISGRJGG &. HARRIS, Dwight way,
Eerkeley. Cal.
INFORMATION given whereby you can secur*
stock in reliable Tonopah company on small
monthly payments by addressing Western
Tnv. Co.. 4:;0 Croealey bids.. San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS— PO_ SALE.
AN easy way to give Christmas presents- with-
out straining your purse: Select anything
from our large stock of diamonds, watches.
Jewelry, cut-glass silverware, gold and silver
umbrellas etc. ; deliver you the goods on first
payment; the balance in small Installments;
no charge for engraving; call In and exam-
ine our goods. UNITED LOAN AND TRUST
CO 21 Stockton St., near Market. Phoa*
Bush 4S4.
~~~~~ DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
dtcks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Hoofing Cement will stop small leaks. Writ*
Us about It. Elaterlte Roofing Co., 713 Markst.
IN CONSEQUENCE OF OUR REMOVAL TO
THE UPPER FLOORS OF OUR BUILDING
AT 4i«> MARKET ST., WE HAVE A
LARUB LOT OF WALL AND COUNTER,
SHOWCASES. AND SAMPLE TABLES FOR
SALE VERY CHEAP. APPLY IMMEDI-
ATELY. SCHLOS3 CROCKERY CO.
FOR sale — 1000 Xmas trees, 15c up: wreaths.
15c: hollyberries, 5c; mistletoe, ferns, etc.:
lowest price; best selection In city. The
* Napa Xmas Tr>* Supply Co., Seventh st.,
opposite new Postofflce.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented snd exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beal* st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
CHICAGO Jewelry Credit Co.. 25 8tockton st.
Diamonds and jewelry sold on small weekly
payments. I'hone us. Bush 484, and our
azent will call with samples.
.<£". 50 — ALVISTA panoramic camera and eas*
for sale at $2i>. practically new, at TRAV-
ERS & MULLER'S. Broadway and Fifteenth
St., Oakland.
A— BUYS seils or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. V.'HITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton »t. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 snd $1 50 pair;
fcot-form shoes at $2 80; we pay express
charges. 11 M st.. Exam, bid.; catalog tr**
WILCOX & WHITE pneumatic symphony:
first-class condition; brilliant tone. 62 Lotta
St., on Masonie-ave. car line.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DER—UER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. . upstairs.
AT a bargain. S <2oxen children's hose. lac«,
embroidery, flannel, etc.. suitable for in-
fants' cutftt.". In one lot. Box 2136, Call.
AN elrsant sealskin, good as new, only $70.
UNITED LOAN AND TRCST CO., 21 Stock-
ton st.. «?< - onrt floor.
AM, kinds of talking machines and records at
factory prices. LEVY'S. 415 Kearny; ex-
changes made.
FINK Xmas gift — Pur* white homer pigeons:
also rvnts and fancy vlgecns. Call l*S20
irnicn st.. Oakland.
A LOT of rr>nt«*«l pUctcn*.. white Leghorns. In-
- ciibatcrr, brooders. C405 Tel-sraph ave.j
Oakland.
FUlt ?a!e — Thoroughbred b!ac_ -Minorca coca-
erels; "'Nurthrrup s;rain." Apply 122 . Al-
bion ave.
FOR rale — O!-.ea:-: •" h. o. Falrbank's-Morsn
K-i'" v lir»" ensim-; aUo rotary rump. Box 20S3,
Call office.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
[ incuts See Pace 64.
6364
lCCSCE-_— JTEOTJS — rOB 3A__B — C° a '
ONE 55 HP. return tubular boiler, all
complete, Ti-ith 40 HP. engine; Al.. $373
1 30 Hi*, boiler, all complete, ready to
run. —1th 70 HP. Wheelock engine
with duplex feed pump; perfect $700
_5 HP. boiler, complete, with 15 ID?.
Atlas ensice. injecicr, etc.; service-
_ble 5125
10 HP. vertical boiler, all complete,
with all fittings complete and S IIP.
• ngine; perfect running order .'. . $140
2 riabroci-Wllcox boilers, 100 HP. each ;
perfect order; 2 4H in- by 2«i in by 4
:n. duplex pumpo: all fittings; fine
ttack ; ready to put up $1500
g 00 la. by 3ti foot return tubular boil-
er- each $ 400
13 compound duplex Worthington
pumps; Al e_ape; all sizes^ trial to
responsible parties; cheap.
4!) HP. locomotive, firebox, boiler, .all
complete; 30 HP. engine; Al shape.. ?375
2 HP. Hick* g_» engine, perfect order.. $G5
.1 HP. Ur'.cn cas engine, perfect order.. t'M
9x12 Chandler Taylor engine; Al $75
10x14 O— — dler Taylor engine; Al {125
2 Sturtevant blower-; Al Kfcape; each. $50
11 oe_trif-R_t purr.ps, all sizes, from... ?r<»
S HP. V.'estinghcuse rooters. 220 volts. $95
5 HP. General Electric motors. 220 volts $90
2"4 HP. Westi—Ehouse motors, 110 volts. S5S
35 light TTe_tiRChous« dynamo, 110 volts $60
4 SG-in. Peltoo water wheels, all com-
plete.: casing-, bearings, etc., etc,
Tach $ 150
10-_t. pux&p column Standard), per ft. .90c
4-ln. -crew pij>e. n«w threads, new coup-
ling's, can be put together in the dark. (
per Soot -' 10c
3fe -in. scxeir pipe. n*w couplings and
threads, tested to 600-lb. pressure 15o
2^3-1— screw pipe, per foot. ....... .......13o
10-in. air pcmx», perfect order $60
Battery of two 48 in. by 16 ft. boilers,
Al shape, complete in every detail;
tested to 160-Ib. pressure <Hartfonl).. $700
■Why will you buy new machinery when you
can ret Al serviceable second-hand goods st
above prices? Our methods of doing business
must be ail rijrht, or — 'e wouldn't do th«
Business. *«Ve have no agents; we have no
competitors; all our own way; epet cash In
advance lar all goods bought by us. We sell
oa time, a long time, too: terms that suit
yon suit n_ Watch the other fellow in our
tracks.
H. P. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
Office ISO Beale St.. S. F.. Cal.. C. S. A.
VERY ftae coupe: also a tieautlf-jl family
carrfagu, *ritb double harness. 1011 Sutter.
FOR sale — Gas ranre; used only short while.
Box -JISO. Call cf-oe.
GENUINE breed of rainorca cockereUs for sale.
19S3 Fifteenth ave. South.
ELASTIC stock ings. $2. Factory 107 O"Far-
rea «. J. W. UOPEWELL.
PIANO for sale cheap. 1533 Buchanan st.
FOR sale^ — Three very Una paintinirs by cele-
brated European —rtists. 412 Sutter St.
FINE old Italian violin for sale, cheap. 115
Grove s_
FOR sale — Thoroughbred cocker spaniel pups.
Inquire 23U0 Sutter st.
FOR sale — A fine, large German Lutheran Bl-
ble; cheap. Room 14, 522 Polk st.
TtDR ca*h — A second-hand stereopticon outfit?
Address Temple of Occultism. 1015 Suttcr st.
BOME choice hen pigfons. breeders and
younx birds. 474 Edwards st.
FOR sale chea? — Ballard table. C27 East
Twejfih st.. East Oakland.
CHICAGO Jewel gas Eiove; nearly new; rea-
sonable. Apartment 415. T>_4 Ellis st.
BAFE. $40; dtafk. $25. RICHARDSON BROS.,
125 New Montcomery st.
TRY the MVLLIN JEWELRY CO.. L'57 Sixth
*t.. for your Christmas presents.
100 PIGEONS: fine. runt nnd homer crosses;
60c each. 4180 Twenty-fifth st.
1 WKDGEWOOD stove, high shflf, water back,
complete, flti. 21" Fourth st.
HIGHEST cash price paid for dlamon-j at
PAUL.V. GARIN'S. 114 Sutter st.
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains ; fre e delivery. U70 Fell s t.
EAFBS and casS> registers: new and seconj-
_J_nd_ L FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
ID-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Doian Co.. 1C07 Marknt.
DESKS bcught. sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. SOT" Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bul'.ard _ Breck. 131 Post st.
6AFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches*
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 4<J Fremont st.
ROOM3 papered. f« up: tinting. painting.
Hartraann Paint Co.. :H9 Thirdi tel. Main 413.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rent? — The Weekly Call.
1*> pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
_TK5 CE__AI3XOTJS WAIfTS .
AAAAAA— BUYS any amount good 2d-hand
clothing; special price fi-r lanry ladies' and
men's clothing. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 5i22.
WANTED — Pretty 5-room cottaje near Ashby
station $1750.
NEWTON _ NEEDHAM, 2131 Onter St.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cust-
eff clothing. Tel. Da vis 625. «i50 Sacramento st.
INVENTORS dcFirous of. selling or borrowing
money on their patents, call et United Loan
and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.. 2d floor; phone
Bush 4S4.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER — CO.. r. 405. Ada__
bldg.. 200 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3036.
WANTED — Fire tubes; 50 or 500
If chea;>. WILLIAMS. 157 New Montgom-
ery «t.
*i\'ANTEI> — To buy c ynuns, good. travelin<
hor£«" from a private family. Box _<37r». Call.
WANTED — Talking: j^arrot; i-ric; muft be rea-
sonable; state ;inre. Box 222S. Call.
WANTED — To buy store fixtures. luuO Pow-
ell st.
FREEIjMAN. 440 Hayes Kt.—Wanted. at once,
?5i«i worth of art goodr.
WANTED— Turning lathe. 51 Sacramento
strert.
Levy * Reciter, highest rrice for eents" ca.«t-oft
'lothing. Fhot-t: it I R«*1 1544. C15 Wa»hlnrto_
XOVSYTO^LOAS. $
AAAAA— A CONFIDENTIAL and Teputabie
pla.ee to bonow _tbiit.-y un uu lollowia?:
rt«lirie«.
J.i:<- niburance policies.
< halt. | nicrifciifces.
l.'cdiviJed Inxetcsu.
• iinjis in l>c_a.
IL«._.ite.
JSetc-mi and third mortgages.
Httates ill i-:vtatc.
fci>eci_'. c«-iii^_ect for leans to ladles »on
their noleb.
l*rivau> ofbees for ladies and centlemen.
UNITED LOa:; /_\D THVaC CO..
-1 Stoclttoo St., near Market.
: -j iluvr. Phone _Ufh 4b4.
AAAA— TH_ Portland Jewelry Co. will ra_ke
vo- itry liberal l'j_n»s on your diamonds.
m -Iti.iii cr any vaJuab!e» at the low rate <>f
• tv.o (_> i*v c«-m i>er incnth: if you do not
v.jeb to c_li. shcue us i;jhone Bush 4S4) and
the ir.ar.a8er or our loan -irimrtment will tali
en you; a!l bttslne—i Mri: tly contidential.
25 STOCKTON .ST.. KSAft MARKET.
Private crfficta at 21 Stockton et.. _d floor.
N. B. — 1 he on:y l&au office west of N<sw
Tork that hns a flie _nd buijrlar j.rour vault
cm the jji-ei-istt ; iree use c£ same to all cus-
tomers.
— MAN li ATT AN LOAN COMPANY tlafcT-
ANV A34OUNT TO LOAN..
INTEREST D«3 AND 0 P_H CENT
f?JT: .°A KLAN HKOPFRTY^ NI> gP»TC-*T
Second moiu;aK'-i. iife insurance* 'policies "Vs"
tatcs in prc-at*-. undivided iaterests In pron-"
jrty. prcbau: realty loans, stocks and bonci.
l«£aci_ and undivided iuterests in pco__i5
I.urvliabfd. *"».*
MANHATTAN MAX COMPANY
-ulte 107-1CS Crocker Lldg. ; phcae Main 3*324*
{■ALARY LOANS— " " •
Money lean, d £_Iaiied people without secur-
ity or indortement. fcnowird&s or employer cr
any cae: conCocntial asd ccurteous Ueatnjsnf
call and ect trims. Drake, 453 Parr'tt bid!
HIGHLY rts>Ect_fcle private place to ubtcin
liberal advancts uu diamonds. Jewelry, at **
t>er cent inttrtst. lialdwin Jewelry" SvcrtT
■J78 Mai-l.rt: tel. Main ltMl. Branch l'T-
Mi.rK<.i and 27 Third.
IRIVATE— JJcney loaned oa salaries without
ic-curity: <liamond« cr chattrls: no ice' no
com.: cut rate. Cal. Lc_n Co., 523 Parrott" bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity: also en real eitate:
I»t or Cd n<ort_-ses or on any eecurlty; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. .'£« Geary, room 38.
UONEY leaned to salaried pccple. retail roer-
<kar.tr. tean-.sters. bo-rdlnK-hoaspr. without
•-cttirliy: tc*y i>_yrr.<?nt*.: larce business 1n *4
|rinclr*l v-ltifs. TOLMAN. Si": Parrott b'.d«.
1 PER <e_t en furniture of-pianos: norecaoyai;
no corr.uiir*;on: no imblicliy; $25 up; quick.
t,riv_te. tca3_^nUai. -'« Mpntgoroery. roi. 21.
MONEY to lean at low Interest; scld. stiver.
«I!ehac_<ls, prarU and rrecioun stcnes bousht
at W. 3. HKSTHA1/S. 10 Sixth St.
ANY ntnnunt en ccuntry property." L. A.
KI'ENCHR. 472 T^nt!: St., Oakland.
TO ffilorlrd nrople wltho_i Vet'urlty. The White
Co., 420 Ca'.irornia _s_. rooms 11 and 15.
_tOa_T TO -PAW— Contl_-t-.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick s-ettle.mentJi; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Kr t ate. second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly co__4entIaL*
When You Need Money,
Se« HERMAN MURPHY.
~~~ ~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
■■- 1st. 2d or 3d
j Mortgage, on real estate.
i 1_ city, town or country.
..*; 3— jw rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property,
' Location, etc.
Box 223. Call offlce.
SALARIED people on note, a F. DISCOUNT
: AGENCY. 120-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
i _______________________ —
! PRIVATE party will loan money on salaries
without security. Room 75, 910 Market st.
| MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry:
i oonfd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 72- Mkt.
! DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
; us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
; employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldy.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
: mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. SOS Kearny.
! S% ON furniture & pianos; $16 up; no removal;
j no com. V. TREM.AIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
j CASH loaned salaried people on not*s without
■ Indorser. MORRELL. €09 Examiner buUdinj.
i . ■ i
A BRANCH offlce of Tho Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. ru.
| -TUSICAL -arSTETJME-ITS.
| A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS,
, A small upright, a snap ..$95
Stodart. mahogany case, fine condition. .$135
Grovcsteen & Fuller, full sire concert.. $143
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $160
Also a Chlckerlng. Vose. Stelnway, Weber,
Mason — Hamlln, Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SOX.
16 O'F-rrell st. .
A GREAT opportunity — We are closing out
car *rt:re Seattle stock in S. F. at prlcej
never beard of before; all makes; your
term» are our terms; rents $2 up: allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO . CO.. 233-237
Geary st.. S. F.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice — Car fine new
i piur.os In storage: slightly damaged by R.
} K. wreck; Ices than $100; pianos guaranteed;
j open eve*. Whltehead's Storsge, 1CSG Market.
' PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright; cost
! $700; price $2SC; wl!l accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
', per month; one year's rental allowed if pur-
i chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. &00 Hayes st.
ALMOST given away— Storage pianos, furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. Whltshead's
! Storage, 1G2(> Market St.; open evenings. - ,
! PIANO— For sale; reasc-.able. Bos 2200. Call
! offlce.
OPEN evenings until Christmas. Byron Mauzy
Piano Warerooms. "0S-312 Post st.
A SMALL Stelnway upright: cost $500; $185
takes it. 237 Geary s<-
i FISCHER upright; CUSt $350; will sell for $30.
' 237 Geary st.
I FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House. 21G McAllister st.
j ELEGANT uprights.new & 2<l-hand,$4.*. to $500.
Pierce's Piano Factory, Market end 14th rts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. nOR-:U2 Post Et.
NEW upright t>iar.o? eoM on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 10 McAllister st.
1 3-PEDAL Pteinwny up: Chlfkering baby crand:
; Shonintrer. little u>ed.' K??ffe'F. 2S5 O'Farrell.
I — ■
OrriCE3 AKT> STOKES TO LET.
• TWO unfurnished connecting renms. Fuitablo
! for office; central. Address box 2';77. Call.
PURC__SIKO^MHCI_s7~
! CLARA IC JEWETT. purchasing agentTcoun~
try orders a specialty; corrn»i>onaenc« solielt-
■ed. :;c5 Larkin st.. room 41>: tel. South Silt.
_'__ PATENTS.
i INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
i tomey-at-law. e Hchart bldg.. 532 Market st.
__^TO^AQEJVra^WAREHOUSE3.^_
; A— EMPORIUM Storage _ Van Co.; furniture.
houFehold goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard t-t.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1U1.
; CAPITAL Van and Storage Cc. 3 Eddy st. ;
phone Mint 2Tt«l; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
i PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
' PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmcre st. ; phone Jackson 281.
; BEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
; St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
i '
STOP BRIHKXna.
I GUARANTEED cure; send 5Cc! tablet form.
i mailed in plain package: has cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO., 417 Hayward bldg., S.F.
JTTP_\7KTEES AND SUPPLIES.
j AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
: Typewriter Exchange. 53U California st.
i ALMOST new high-grade machine; caFh oi
exchange for merchandise. JEWETT 212
! Washington tt.
| ED-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting lnspec. Co., 5C8 Market.
LEGAL NOTICES.
i ALL peraens are herfliy notified that the un-
dersigned will not be r^ponMbl» for any
debts contracted by JOHN CRANDALL.
cither in the name of tho Cran-all Hon» Co.
I the American Hone <%■>.. or otherwise. G.
E. GUOi--MAN._HUGH_J. McISAAC.
PE33CKALS.
i MANY men who are feeble can add years of
j hci,pine_ to their Crcj by usin^ the Cactus
Lelthin Cure; it cures vitai . weakness,
nervous debility, atroi.hy. varicocele, etc.; it
quickly builds uu new Ussne by stimulating
the" lilcoil hujiiily. An outwardly applied
naive. One abdication proves J its merit.
K«-rd $1 ior full si3= box or write lor tree
cample. CACTUS 1'ltUUUCT CO., 'Ml Slb-
Icy bids., Phlla delphia; Pa.
ONE OF OU1I UKCKN- TESTIMONIALS:
GontK-iccn: One bu:c of. your -wonderful
salve -as entirely cur-.tl me. I have tried
n»ar.y oiHtr rfmedics. E. LONG, i'atersun.
N. J.__ _L_
TO PREVENT crey. taHIng lsalr; scalp
'roubles, latter conditions tUreaay cxis-tlng,
how to renaove. "c_rc't at home. Intorma-
tion four btatn. s. but will save dollars,
hair, hearts e-hc. Hair DOCTOR KUST1-JH,
3152 FrnnkMn, Oakland: here eince I8S1.
Kavo this ad.; you will want It seme d:'.y.
1 A.\— WHY look bid?
: Fifteen day rate will new h» given by MMi-
G1LL1NGHAM: a lady 72 ycors of age with
wrinkles and jiuflint-ss removed from one side
cf the face can be seen daily: write for book-
let. 143 Stockton St.. cor, trrary.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face with-
out a wrinkle with the contour and fre*h
color of youth may be had through my
scientific treatment; consultation and book-
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st.
SPECIAL offer for SO elays; to introduce our
catalogue of n-jveltlcs w: will send to any
one sendinu U3 So a beautiful fountain p?n
ficc; there is nothing cheap about it only
the price. F. ANDREWS _ SON. P. O. box
:_C3. San Francisco, Cal.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
clrtntes *ealp;at drugglsts'.bairdrensers': ae-
i ccpt no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
ROYALTY paid on soncs, no;ms and musical
I e-ompMsItlnris; we arrange and irapularlzc-;
l^irticulars free. Picric* r Pub. Co., 704 Balti-
more building, Chicago, 111.
MRS. LEGG. the noted mental scientist, has
opened offices at 2214 Howard st. ; all dis-
eases positively cured without : medicine: to-
bacco & liquor habits specialty; consult free.
NOTICE— Any one desiring to beccme master
of their own destiny and become an initiate
In the Cabala for Information. The Phllo-
! tophical Pub. Co.. 1429 Market st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, sills portieres; dealer in
carpet twine in hank cr chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthewg. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; ingrain, brus-
»els. tapestry and raoquette; chenille curtains
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
fcCl' Market at.. Oakland: take West 8th car.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness. and nervou«
trouble*. Oface. 320 BUrr King bldg. 121
Geary it. MRS. HOLSHOUS-EH. mag'netlc
tpectalUt; ladles and gentlemen.
! Arn-RKY. FITCH::.- WrKe me: my present ad-
i drers Salt Lake City; Imwrtant n;ws from
I __? n<lcn - W ALTER;
I FACE tnasvage. 'Address N., 217 Post st.V
| rcorr-s IT-IS __^_»^f^_^f
__9_ > n_H__B________M___H_fl______
THE- SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1904.
1 ■ PERSOITAES— Oo-tlnned.
•'R.E.X.R.A.D.I.O.'S B.U.L.L.E.T.I.N."
"O-S-S-I-F-I-E-D LADY" — Mrs. V. Knowles'
Joints ossified and herself BEDRIDDEN foi
years, through 20 years' rheumatism, after
Rexradlo's FIRST treatment, August 2.
found all her ANCHYLOSED, SOLID
FIXED Joints Instantly LOOSENED. So
fhe could MOVE them freely, and then for
FIRST time In years ROSK £om bed UN-
AIDED, and after nearly FIVE MONTHS,
to date, still RETAINS those benefits. The
many BRIEF references to her case In ..his
column were "condensed" from the jam
MORE wonde«ful and extensive "detailed
TESTIMONY of August 2, given and signed
by her HUSBAND. J. E. KNOWLES. with
names of competent, reliable WITNESSES
attached. The ' -original" document is Of.
VIEW at Rexradlo's ofnees, also published
in "full" In his "WEEKLY BULLETIN.
"UEXRADIO" has treated with marve'ou*
success ALL forms of RHEUMATISM in-
cluding CHRONIC. ACUTE, MERCURIAL,
ARTICULAR. INFLAMMATORY. Deforming
and Ossifying, as In RHEUMATOID ARTH-
RITIS (same as Mrs. Knowles' disease).
Many BEDRIDDEN, hopeless victims, like
Mrs. Knowles, have been quickly raised up.
NONE >TEED DESPAIR.
"REXRADIO'S REFERENCES" to (cured)
/patients: "He quickly, marvelously cured
us after all others FAILED, of imminent
| E-INDjNESS. catarrh. ANCHYLOSIS neu-
j ralgla. GASTRITIS, rheumatism. CANChR.
| sciatica. TYPHOID fever, lumbago, PTO-
! MAINE poisoning. PROSTATITIS. fibroid
i TUMOR, ulcer, total DEAFNESS, severe
i FEMALE troubles, etc. Get our NAM En
i at offices." (Also HUNDREDS of others.)
"REXRADIO'S" office hours, 2 to 7. PUBLIC
! (free) healing TO-DAY. 2 and 8 p. m. ' Ra-
i dlum Hall. 1 Fourth St. (cor. Market).
FANCY and silk dressei carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE- LAUNDRY. ••Ub.
1690. 2122 Flllmore st; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, overcoat!
a-d trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. ]
[ .TOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $T 80
-own and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
j FURNITURE CO.. S40 Post st.. near Powell. ,
i LADIES— Complete manicure outfit; 5 pieces;
j 25c silver or stamps. Smart Set Mfg. Co., j
j 019 Mission st. I
I WHITAKER'S Law and Collection Office, 240
! Montgomery st. . . . .:
' FRIENDSHIP, please answer to box 21C1,
i -Call office. .
! YOUNG man expert masseur; physician's ref-
srei.ces. Address box 2GS3, Call office.
: MANUSCRIPT edited and properly prepared
! for the ?ress. Box 277S, Call offlce.
, WANTED — All men's and young men's razors
it 3»1 Ivy ave., room 2. \,
ELECTRIC light baths; bet and cold tub
j baths. ie7 Oeary st. . .
i FACE mn.—aee. and electric treatments, newly
opened rnrlors. 104 Kcarny St.. 2d floor.r. 2.
I SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
, NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 720 Market sL
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suit* to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps -you in fin* clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 309 Sutler. Miss Eaton. 23.1 Geary.r.38.
I TAILOR-MADE rult $7 50; dreet pants $2 50-
Misfit- Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO..733 Mkt.
] ALFREDUM'S Epyptlan Henna restore* gray
n<tlr t0 lts nautral color.$l at all druggists'.
j A BRANCH offlce of Th» Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
! been opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite
j Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PARTNERS WA_TTE_>.
' WANTED— Partner with S10.0CO; 5 per cent
j per "menth guaranteed: you handle all
j moneys: first-class business; references ex-
changed. Apply room 49, 01<5 Market st..
I Columbian building: (no agent.«). '
I V. - ' _g
! - F_r_-SIC-AZ7S AST* STJBGE0N3.
: DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence!
; 1021 Vi Market st., bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
I lar attention paid to diseases of women.
; BLOOD. Fkln and rectal diseases a epecialty.
DR. BALL. 1073V& Market et.
i REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
: treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st..- now lo-
i cated at CC7 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
- WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods: one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter.
| SEWING MACHINES AND STJP?IiIE3. \
j IF you buy a White for a Christmas gift you
1 make no mistake; you not only get the best
i et-wing machine on earth, but also a beauti-
ful and useful Christmas present. White
1 Co.'s offlce, 915 Market at. -. :
' ALL makes; 2d hand, $2. $5. $7. $0; new,$4, $S;
' d'op heads. 5 .drawer, golden oak. $15; rented.
i repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
j S. M. Co., 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3736.
I DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
I is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
i price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic offlce. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
1 ALL kinds tecond-hand $3. $5, $8; slightly
1 used $10, $lo, $20; you know where the dolls
1 swing in the window. 1051 Market 'st.
| ALL kind* bought, eold and repairing fruaran-
• teed. CHAS. PLAMHECK, Ml 5 Mission St.
! _ ROOIffS FOB HOUSKEEFINO.
i A— BELGRAVIA APTS.. POLK. NR. CLAY—
j 2-3 room*; ;>rice reasonable; tel. Polk 1908.
BAKER, 704— Light housekeeping rooms to let.
BRYANT, 42J — Two runny rooms, .- nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; cas.
i ~"~______ . . .
j CLAY, 1223 — One housekeeping room to let. - -
1 CLAY, 14.">C — Parlor floor; .'! rooms complete for
housekeeping; sunny; marine view;. private..
CALIFORNIA. 1510. tel. Polk S90— Nice sunny
alcove- suite, with kitchen; all modern im-
i provements. , : '
CASTRO, 420, roar — 2 unfurnished housekeep-
| Inn rooms; large yard; water free; $($.
j DEVISADERO, 4C4— Housekeeping room.
ELEVENTH; IJ14 — Large sunny room; use of
kitchen: light housekeeping.
j KDDY, 743 — 2 furnished rooms; '^parlor floor;
; regular kitchen; gas range; sunny;, yard.
i EDDY. 210— Nicely furn. . suite, light house-
;• keeping alfo double rooma; terms moderate.
! EDDY. .743 — Fine housekeeping suite; large
i kitchen, gas range; phone; yard.
, ELLIS, 1327-^-Newly furnished, handscme 2
| and 3 room suites; complete in every way.
fEDDY. C3." — Two furnished rooms ' for house-
keeping. In rear.
] ELLIS. 317 — Housekeeping rooms.
i FILLMORE. S322A — Three large new sunny
connecting rooms complete for housekeeping;
rent $10. _ .
! FIFTH. 353 — Rooms 'for housekeeping.
FOLSOM. 519 — Two furnished rooms for light
I housekeeping: rent reasonable.
I FRANKLIN. 1031 — Elegantly furnished par-
J lors and eingle rooms, with kitchen.
j FOURTH, 24S— Two nicely furnished house-
I keeping rooms, front suite; rent reasonable.
i FELL, 321 near Gough— A large, sunny room;
j gas stove; $8; single. $(t. .
FILBERT, fil C!£— Two unfurnished rooms for
housfkc-eplng.
FIRST, 319— Double, single and housekeeping
rooms.
FELL, 937 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas range; sun all day; other rooms;
,, no sicn. ; •
FILLMORE. 11C0— Two or three sunny front
room?; housekeeping .privilege.-.
FOLSOM, .733— Two -housekeeping rooms to let
Cheap, r-. .: * . -
FOURTH, 491— Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping ' (gas stove) ; no . children.
GEARY, 1050 — One ■ room for housekeeping to
. let. " -■ - '',:■_ : ;'-... ', ._-■-;■ 7 v-t-r**"- ■
GEA RY, : 845— Newly furnished ' front '■ parlors
•for light housekeeping; central. '
■ GEARY. 010— Nice t front sunny - parlor; well
furnished, with piano;' housekeeping; rent
reasonable.
GREENWICH, , 2015— Housekeeping ; rooms. ,
GUERRERO, ; 221— Furnished rooms ' to ; let \ for
I houEckec P ln 5.fS%^_l®_l_^g^
ROOM8 rOK _OtT3E_EE~~~q — Con. (
GOLDEN GATE ave. 631— Choice housekeep-
ing roo— ts; all conveniences; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C20 — Rooms for house-
keeping. . . ...
GOLDEN GATE ave , - 639 Choice rooms for
housekeeping; also others. .
GOLDEN GATE ave. 040— Housekeeping and
slngls rooms. - ' ... ■ . ''■■ ■
GEARY. 1225— Front bay-window suite, comp.
furnished for hkpg.. with all conveniences.
HOWARD, 1703— Two sunny, furnlshedjhouse-
keeping rooms; gas rango. bath. etc.
HOWARD. 613 — Sunny; furnished light house-
keeping and single rooms; gas, all conven-
iences. ,
HYDE, 112— One housekeeping room; gas
range; new furniture; central, $11.
HOWARD. 1015 — Housekeeping rooms furnish-
ed; gas and bath. .' fi V..
HOWARD.^822 — One suite housekeeping rooms;
also -Ingle. - '
HYDE. 112— Housekeeping room.
HAIGHT, 100— Nicely furnished sunny corner;
housekeeping, rooms.
HAYES. 115 — Furnished sunny suite; running
water; gas etove; reasonable.
HOWARD, 774 — Housekeeping rooms. '
HARRISON, 820— Housekeeping rooms.
HAYES, 818—2 housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 604^4, near 2d — Two large hkpg.
rooms; no objection to children; $8 month.
HOWARD, 710^4— Housekeeping: 3 large sunny
rooms, suitable for 3 or 4 adults: respectable;
no transient. .'
HYDE, 410— Housekeeping rooms to let.
HYDE, 410 — Housekeeping room to let
HOWARD, 1074 — Housekeeping rooms.
HAYES, 7C5 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
lr_. ' •
HAYES, 481 — Sunny furnished room for a
man or young couple; bath and gas; house-
keeping "
JESSIK, 4ai>, bet. 5th and Cth— Two connecting
housekeeping rooms; hot and cold water;
first floor. '- :
JACKSON, 1609. cor. Polk— New & nicely fur.
front hskpg. rms, complete; marine view: $20.
JACKSON." 064— Furnished sunny large front
housekeeping rooms. $7 J.o $9.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites: steam heated,
electric lighted; free batha; rates reasonable.
LARKIN, 207. Strathmore— Furnished apart-
ments for. housekeeping.
LARKIN. 433— Nicely furnished rooms "for
housekeeping; private house.
LARKIN. 928 — Three unfurnished connecting
rooms in new modern fiat; reasonable.
LARKIN, 502— Nicely furnished, sunny- front
rooms complete' for housekeeping. -
LARKIN. mO2— 3 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
LARKIN. 715 — Two housekeeping rooms; also
nice, eunny single; reasonable; private.
LARKIN. 81OV4 — Nice large room; housekeep-
in*r if desired; gas, grate and bath; reason-
able. ■ ■ ' ■ : m
LAGUNA, 1507, cor. Geary— Cozy 3-room
suite; newly furnished; new fiat; private;
reasonable. . ■ .
MISSION. 011 near Fifth— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping; gas stove; reasonable.
MISSION, 054—8 housekeeping rooms to let.
MISSION, 1804— Housekeeping rooms; all con-
veniences. ■ .
MARTHA place 4, off Geary, between Mason
and Taylor— One furnished housekeeping
room for single person.
MASON, ;JC(> — Furnished rooms; single, also
housekeeping. ■ . ■ *
McAELISTER, 5.1S— Sunny front room; com-
plete hskeeping; gas range; hot bath; adults.
MINNA. 64C — Furnished -rooms,- complete .for
houseReeplnfr. • - : '
MISSION. 0«i7— Furnished housikeeplng rooms;
prices very reasonable.
MISSION, 1015 — Housekeeping rooms, with gas
>tcve. . /
MISSION. 1050 — Sunny furnished rooms for
f housekeeping.
MANILA. 737^ Howard — Two nice sunny front
suites of rooms; very reasonable; central.
MISSION. S72 — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
_also single rooms. \
MISSION, o010 — A nice sunny furnished room;
suitable for two.
MCALLISTER KIR— Laree back parlor, $10;
front. $10: suit. $7; adults.
MCALLISTER, 715 — Nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
MINNA.- 540 — Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION, 2023—2 light housekeeping rooms.
MONTGOMERY, 100, tel. Black 6713— Sunny
front rooms.
MONTGOMERY. 100. tel. Black 0713— House-
keeping rooms.
M2ALLISTKR. «K>— 2 furnished rooms, single
or housekeeping; rent ?12.
MCALLISTER, 785 — 3 elegantly, newly fur.
front r-arlor rooms; call afternoons.
MISSION. 2522 — Two sunny' furnished house-
keeping- rooms; no children. -
MCALLISTER. 1 400— Fur. likpar. suite; private
bath; run all day; bsautlful location.
MONTGOMERY. 1 0il— Housekeeping rooms.
Telephone Black 6713.
NICE'LY furnl«heil rooms for housekeeping.
Address box 2C44. Call.
NOE, 483 — Two nicely furnished rooms; gas
ranRe; $14. j
O'FARRELL. 1127— Double parlor and 1 con-
necting room, nicely furnished; running
water; bath; phone. • v
OAK. 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
.to $12; eras range; hot bath; adults.
OAK. 407 — $4 menth; furnished, sunny, large:
m call after 5 n. m.
OCTAVIA. 20 — Four fur. housekeeping rooms;
phone, bath, laundry; $25; references.
OCTAVIA. 1305, near O'Farrell— Newly fur-
nished rooms; brtakfaet and dinner if de-
slrcd. ■
O'FARRELL. 1331, near Loguna— Double par-
lors, furnished completely for housekeeping;
• other rooms.
O'FARRELL, 820 — Sunny housekeeping rooms
of 2 and :i rooms, gas range; nawly furnish-
ed: also single rooms for gentleman; $1.50
" per week.
O'FARRELL, 1408— 2 pleasant rooms furnished
for housekeeping; grate, phone, bath; $10.
OAK, 117 — Rooms complete, housekeeping;- $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK. 407— $4 month; large bath; furn. Call
Sunday or after 5 p. m.. week days.
PAGE. 14— Sunny suits, complete housekeep-
ing; gas range, laundry; adults. ."
PAGE. 442— Three or four nicely furnished
housekeeping, rooms; modern. .
POLK, 522— Nicely furnished sunny v front
'-..■■ suite for housekeeping; ?18. -
POWELL, 415— Sunny housekeeping suite; gas
and bath; $4 60 week.
PAGE. ' 1760— Two aunny furnished rooms for
- housekeeping; use cf kitchen ; references.
: POWELL, 710 — Floor of : 3 very s jnny furn. :
housekeeping rooms; gas rango; adults; reas.
POLK, 3— Two nice sunny front housekeeping
; rooms. $3.50 per. week; private family. : :
PEARL. 3, ' corner Market— Three sunny ; fur- •
, nlshed housekeeping rooms; $18; no children..
POLK." 605— Housekeeping;, one pleasant- con-
. venlent . room: adults;. $11.
POST. 713— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping. ' :, . •■:•■■ .;.-, - ; .• ;
PINE. 1122— Three rooms In flaiTto let.
PINE. 1533. near. Van Ness ave.— 3 newly fur-
nished j housekeeping rooms; modern ■ flat. . .
SECOND.- 149— Nice pleasant rooms for house-
■ keeping. . - ■- -.. - j^nnpirm_mwfBaq_ayg.st.g
SEVENTEENTH. 3001,*: cor. 1 . • Market— 2 j rooms,
partly furnished for ■ housekeeping.
BOOMS POB HOUBE-XE-'-lJa — Con.
SUTTER. 1031— One housskeeping room.
SUTTER, 1931 — Three housekeeping rooms.
SIXTH, 125— Nice furnished housekeeping
rooms.
BT. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Large
corner suite; all complete for housekeeping.
STOCKTON, N. W. cor. Filbert— 2 nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms.
SUTTER. 1985— Housekeeping rooms.
SIXTH. 541— Housekeeping rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— Sunny rooms; neatly
furnished; suite or single; light housekeep-
lng If desired.
SUTTER. 987— Three furnished rooms for
housekeeping; on ground floor; sunny.
ST. JAMES. McAllister- and Laguna — Corner
suite, all complete for housekeeping.
SIXTH. 331 % — Sujnny front suite, also 1 room.
complete housekeeping; $6 to $11. .V- r-
SEVENTH, J54 — Housekeeping rooms, $2 to
$3 60 per week. \
8T. JAMES, cor. McAllister and Leguna —
Sunny eulte all complet? for housekeeping.
SUTTER. 305 — Nicely furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 1334— One or 2 unfurnished
rooms; light housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK, 137— Housekeeping rooms to
let.
SOUTH PARK, 178— Furnished rooms for
housekeeping. i V
STOCKTON. NW. cor. Filbert— 2 nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms. •
STOCKTON. N.'W«ccr. Filbert — 2 nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms.
SECOND, 37— Housekeeping rooms to let.
SHIPLEY, 107— Housekeeping room to let.
TAYLOR. 011— Furn. suite; folding bed. gas
range, $12: 1 room, sunny, gas •range, $7 50.
THIRD. 362 — Sunny - room furnished house-
keeping; running water; $7 month.
TENTH. 152 — Two sunny connecting rooms,
newly furnished for housekeeping; gas range,
running , v/ater.
THIRD, 3CS (The Alta)— New management:
ftrlctly respectable; hkpg. rms. reas.; others.
THIRD, 410 — Housekeeping rooms.
THIRD,. 354 '4 — Nice sunny housekeeping
rooms; single room; reasonable.
TWENTY- SIXTH. 3002—3 nicely furnished
rooms, laundry. 'bath, corner flat; also single.
THE GAGE, 428 Geary — Housekeeping rooms.
TURK. 123^ — Clean, sunny, furnished rooms,
with or without board; $5 up; housekeeping.
TURK. 7S0 — Two nicely furnished room? and
large kitchen; complete, modern; closets,
phone; reasonable.
TWELFTH, 145— Sunny furnl«hed suites of 2
and 3 rooms for housekeeping.
VALENCIA, 874 A— Nice sunny rooms: uee of
bath; light housekeeping if desired; $S to
?IO month. I
VAN NESS. 417 — 2 larg>> sunny housekeeping
rooms; ga» range; $20.
VALENCIA. 2M5 r cor. 14th— Unfur. 2 connect-
ing rooms; running water; housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave.. 004 — Furnished sunny house-
keeping ronirs; $12 up.
VAN NESS ave.. 008 — Furnfshed sunny house-
keeping rooms.
VAN NESS ave.. f>04 — Furnished sunny house-
- keeping rooms; $12 up.
VAN NESS ave.| 004— Furnished housekeeping
rooms; $12 up.
VAN NESS ave.. 034— Sunny front housekeep-
ing eulte; also single room; running water.
VALENCIA. 200 — Four sunny furnished rooms;
~as range, bath, phone.
VAN NESS ave.. 712 — Elegant sunnv front
bay-window suite complete for housekeeping.
VAN NESJS. ave., 034 — Sunny front housekeep-
■— Ing-suite; also single room: running water.
WASHINGTON. 764, cor. Kearny— Large light
housekeeping and other rooms; reasonable.
WASHINGTON, 1323 — Housekeeping rooms to
let.
WALLER, CSC— 2 or 3 warm, upper, sunny,
fur. or unfur. rooms; bath; adults; cheap.
WEBSTER. 12.5—3 or 4 rooms complete for
housekeeping; phone and bath.
APABTMEJTT HOUSES.
HART APARTMENTS, 750 ELLIS ST.. Mrs.
Kafe S. Hart, prop., formerly of the Ra-
mona: 3 and 4 rooms; furnished modern; $30
to $60;Tooms rented by the week to guests
from country.
BOOMS TO LET — F-xn. and TTnfnra.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
•; ■■-■■*■■'■ ■■: 115 AND 117 EDDY/ ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 rooms; S3 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
EU1TES WITH BATH. $1 50 TO $2 &0 PER
DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c TO $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
320 Mason St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition just completed:- entlra house
newly renovated: sun in rooms all day.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lano — New
brick building; all, sunny rooms; hot and cold
water: electric lights; only flrst-closs house
in locality: rooms $1 5O week and. up.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 118 Sixth st. — Room*
2!ic to $1 per night. $1 2. r > to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," $73 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.) — Rooms, 25c. 00c, $1. $1 50 night;
51 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
HELMOND Houje; over Owl drus store: 2 en-
trances, 112fl Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BROADWAY. 1005, cor. Jones — Quiet heme
forTfady; housekeeping privileges; bay-win-
dow room; marine view; sun all day;
rent $12.
BRANNAN, 359% — Furnished rooms to let.
BUSH,. 628 — Furnished rooms to let.
BUSH, 18?.") — Furnished rcom.
BROADWAY,' 824 — Furnished - room.
BUSH, 1338, near Polk — Sunny furnished room
for lady; reasonable.^
BUSH. SOfl — Single rooms for gentlemen having
pood references; private family.
BRYANT. 3C5— Furnished rooms to 1st.
BRYANT, B31Vi — Sunny, furnished, room.
BARTLETT, : 207 — One sunny front room for
gentleman. \
BRYANT, 065— Furnished front sunny room
to let;
BRYANT, 018— To let, 3 sunny unfurnished
rOOmS. '.>::".' " ~ *
BUSH, 1818 — Furnished back parlor.
ROOM to let; 2 gentlemen. . Apply 453% Bry-
ant st. . -
BUSH. 1412A — Sunny room; cheap; lady pre-
ferred. » .
BUSH, 1011— Rooms to let.
BRYANT, 430—^Rcom.
BRYANT. 444-^-Room.
BUCHANAN. 1010— Rooms to let.
• . - ■ '-...' ' ________ ■■"':,,
BUCHANAN, . 1510-^A furnished room to let.
.. — : — : — : : — ~— ; " ; — ■
BUCHANAN. 1314— Room to let. ■
; , . . - . ' '. _
BRYANT. 412 — Sunny . furnished room. •
. ' » - . - .- ■ — : — - — - — — — ;
BUSH. 1016— Furnished rooms , to let.
| BRYANT. 529>,— Furnished rooms.
BOOMS TO MT— y-nt. va& TTnrar-.
BUSH. 2444— Sunny furnished room to tot.
BIRCH ave. 30— Furnisehd rooms to let.
BUSH, 911— Room to . let. .
BRYANT, 4CS— Room to let.
BRYANT, POO— Furnished room to let. •
BUSH. S83 — Furnished rooms to let.
BUCHANAN, 1210A— Furnished rooms to let:
reasonable. -'C\-%'.\ _
BUSH, 1008— Furnished rooms. ; p
BUSH. 897— Bunny room for gentlemen.
BROADWAY, 700— Furnished room to let.
BU8H, 775— Elegant sunny front rooms, suites
and single. — 1th or without board: reas. -
BUSH, 2444— Sunny furnished room to let. ; .
BRANNAN, 814%— Sunny single furnished
room.
CALIFORNIA. 1530— Unfurnished lower 8
rooms and r^nge; cheap.
CALIFORNIA 1264 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms to let. ?;.-->
CALIFORNIA. 1607 — Two furnished rooms.
CALIFORNIA. 1431— Large front room; $12.
CALIFORNIA. 223— Nice sunny front room
to rent.
CALIFORNIA ave., 220 — Furnished front
room to let; private family.
CENTRAL ave., 813A — Furnished rooms.
CLEMENTINA, 51— Front room to let.
FURNISHED room to let. Apply 22 Carl
street.
FURNISHED sunny room to let. Apply IS
Carlirt.
CLEMENTINA. 73— Rooms to'let.
CALIFORNIA, 1516— Rooms to let.
CALIFORNIA. 720— Single rooms 'for gentle-
men; $7 and up. ■ - ••
CALIFORNIA. 1204— Nice tront sunny room;
running- water; larce closet; $3.
CLARA, 208 — Furnished rooms to let.
CLARA, 61— Nicely furnished room.
COLE. 412— Sunny room. .*
CLARENCE. 4 — A furnished room to let.
CHURCH, 365 — Furnished room to let. ■ ■--'
CLEMENTINA. 75Et — Rooms to let.
CLAYTON, 854— Front rooin; nicely furnished.
CLAY. 102S — Furnished, rooms.
CALIFORNIA. 706— Rooms to let.
CARL, 20 — Furnished eunny room to let.,
CLAY. 1316— Rooms to let. '^.-'^.-
CENTRAL ave.. 811 — Furnished room.
I — — — — — — — — —
CENTRAL ave.. 813C — Furnished room.
~ ~ ______
| CENTRAL ave., 813B — Sunny furnished room.
i • — —— -~- -~ ~ — ~— -— ■ ~~ ~- — ~~ ■~~~ _———_»
CASTRO, 421— Furnished rooms.
CARMELLITO. 32V£— Room to let.-
A NICE sunny furnished room, to let. Inquire
at 110CA Clay -t.
CA LJFORNIA. 824— Furnished rooms to let.
CHURCH. 305— To let, furnished room.
CAPP, 81T — Furnished room to let.
CLEMENTINA. .15« — Nicely furnished front
room. MRS. GIBSON.
CLARA. 142«4 — 4 unfurnished rooms.
CLAY, 2020 — Unfurnished rooms to let.
CLEMENTINA. 414 — A furnished room to let.
CHELSEA place. 0, Bush and Powell — Sunny
room: ?10.- j
CALIFORNIA, 1247— Suite of rooms; piano,
Krate and bath; light breakfast without |
charge. * ■ .
___________—_———--—————————— — — — — -
CLAY. 2414 — A nicely furnished room to let.
CLAY, 622 — A furnished room to let.
CHURCH. 353— Furnished rooms.
CLAY 1424 — 1 or 2 newly furnished rooms;
bath; eun all day; private family.
CALIFORNIA, 1431— One large, front room I
newly furnished, $12.
CI.ARA. 61 — Nicely furnished room.
CHURCH. 231— Rooms to let.
DEVISADERO. 1301A — Furnished room.
DAY. 231 — Rooms to let.
EDDY 432 — Splendid furnished rooms in
choice neighborhood; very reasonable.
EDDY. 773 — Nicely furnished front room for
one or two; srate. bath; hot and cold water;
private family.
KLLIS, 315 — Furnished rooms and suites to
let.
ELLIS. 315 — Furnished suites and single rooms
\o let.
EDDY, 88S — Furnished sunny rooms to let.
ELEVENTH. 348— Room to let.
EIGHTEENTH, 3230— Sunny furnished rooms.
EIGHTEENTH, 3633 — Sunny front room.
ELLIS. 1335— Furnished room; $16.
ELLIS. 1024— Furnished room to let.
ELLIS. 621 — Furnlsfeed rooms to let.'
EIGHTEENTH. 4241— Furnished room to let.
EDDY, 204 — Nice sunny room.
EDDY. 816— Nicely furnished rooms.
ELLIS, 732— Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS. 326A — Furnished rooms. *
EDDY. • 1233— Furnished room.
■ '
ELLIS, 1SS3 — Furnished room; no other roomer.
; KLLIS. 616 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
EDDY, 1233-^-Furnlshed room to let.
ELLIS,- 1174 — Room, home board, two youn<
men. $40; single. $20; private American fam.
ELEVENTH, 34S — Rooms to let.
EIGHTH ave.. 574 — 3 or 4 sunny rooms- will
fix them up to suit; near park. *
EKLIS, 320A — Single rcom: furnished.
ELLIS. 616 — Furnished rooma 'toilet.
ELEVENTH. 117— Furnished rooms to let.
_DDY, 1233 — Furnished room to let.
EDDY. 1222— Room to let.
ELEGANT room to let In Western Addition
$U per month. Box '2704. Call. .
ELLIS, 7S4— Furnished rooms to let.
I SOO3XS TO I_ST— Turn, and tT_f_nu
rXFUKNISHED rooms to let. Apply 1433
Ellis «*■
FURNISHED rooms. Inquire S2# Eleventh st.
EDDY. 888 — Nice furnished rooms; all conven-
iences.
ELM ave., 1121 — Furnished rooms to let.
EDDY. 1S7C — Nice furnished rooms la fin*
neighborhood.
ELLIS, 1133 — Roo— is to let.
E—L.IS. 214 — Sincle room; week or month :
THE LAUNSTON, 110 Eddy — Best regular and.
transient house in city: 50c and $1.
EAST, 620— Rooms to let.
ELLIS, 12_4 — For rent, sunny room.
ELLIS. 723 — Furnished rooms. ■
EDDY, 1326 — A furnished front room.
EDDY, 1233^ — Furnished room to let.
EDDY. 1800A— Furnished room.
EIGHTEENTH. S843 — Furnished rooma to let.
EDDY. 4D4 — Comfortable rooms in EngUsa
lady's private flat; sun all day.
EIGHTEENTH. 327C, near Howard — Front
sunny large room, bath; American family;
reasonable.
-
EL _ 13. 623 — Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS. 627— Pleasant front room to permanent.
quiet party; walking distance: bath; phone.
ELLIS, 660 — Furnished rooms to let.
EX/SIN PARK. BO— Room to let.
EDDY. 8TO — Furnished room for rent. ; . .
FIFTH. 100 — Furnished rooma.
FOURTH, 246^-Front sunny room, fornlsned,
cheap.
FULTON. 174&— Furnished room to 1st.
FOURTH. 150— Rooma to. let. '
FOLSOM. 023^4. corner Fifth— Furnished room
to let; gents only.
FOURTH. 156— Rooms to let.
FRANKLIN. 1450— Handsomely furnished
rooms to let.
FRANKLIN. 1450— Sunny furnished rooms to *
let.
FIFTH. 403. corner Harrison — Sunny furnish-
ed room In new butlilinsr.
FIFTH. 332 — To let. Iargs front furnished
room. ,; .
FELL, 254 — Sunny room.
FOLSOM. 2218— Furnished roc— _
FREMONT. 323— Nicely furnished rooms to
let: reasonable.
FELL, 564^ — Furnished rooms to let.
FRANKLIN. 1451— Sunny furnished rooms to
let.-
FOLSOM. P2.V-J — Furnished rooms.
FULTON. 430B— Nice furnished room.
FILLMORE. 213 — 3 * sunny furnished rooms,
suitable for gentlemen.
FAIR OAKS. 434— Furnished rooms, $6 to $10:
board if desired: nice home for nurses and
adults.
FELL, 652— Room to let.
FILLMORE. 3008— Furnished rooms.
FIRST ave.. 756— Furnished rooms to let.
: FURNISHED rooms. Apply 6.12 1 ; Natoma st.
FULTON, 625 — Nicely furnished room for gen-
tle—tan. . - -
FELL, 1120— Nice furnished room—
FIFTH. 24 — Furnished rooms.
FOLSOM. 733 — Famished room.
FILBERT. 011 — Furnished rooma to let.
■ FOLSOM. 608 (Aurora) — Nicely furn. rooms:
running water; elec. light: $1 60 week up.
FOLSOM. 821 — Furnished room-.
FOLSOM. 620— Furnished rooms to let.
FIFTH. 411 — Furnished rooms; rent reasonable.
FOURTEENTH. 800— Furnished room.
FUL TON. 636 — Furnished roo— t to let.
FOLSOM. 832— Furnished room to lat.
FOLSOM". 23-6 — Room to let.
FELL. 661 — Large room to let. \
FILLMORE. 108% — Nlc« furnished room to
let.
FURNISHED room to let. Apply 918 Folsom
street.
FULTON. 636 — Furnished room.
FTLBER.T. 1020— Unfurnished room to let.
FOLSOM. 2740—2 nicely furnished rooms.
FOLSOM. 2740—2 unfurnished rooms to let.
FREELON. 12 — Unfurnished rooms.
FOLSOM. 2S50— Furnished room to let.
FILLMORE. 1437 — Furnished room.
FOLSOM. 2850— Furnished room to let.
FIRST. 280— Rooms by the day. week «t
month.
FOLSOM, 1086— Furnished rooms to letl
FOURTH. 143 — Furnished rooms to let.
FELL, 1100 — Nice sunny room. !_____
FREELON, 27 — Furnished room.
FULTON. 27 — Nicely furnished room for two
gentlemen. *
FIFTH. 318 — Unfurnished room.
FOLSOM. 643— Rooms to let.
FRANKLIN, 1450— Sunny furnished rooms to
let.
FRANKLIN. "l451— Furnished rooms to let.
FRANKLIN; 1100 — Board and sunny rooms;
running water; excellent table; reasonable.
FIFTH. 33— Furnished rooms. '
FOLSOM. €76^ — Furnished room.
FELL. "12 — Furnished room to let.
FELL. 12f> — Furnished room to let. ■
FOLSOM ave.. 1SB — Furnished room to let.
FILLMORE. 310. near Page^ — NIc« front
room; ?1 50.
FILLMORE. 1M»— Sunny front room.
FILLMORE. _012Va— Sunny room to let.
FIFTH. 136— Furnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 2S50— Sunny furnished room* to 1«-ROO-tS TO -tT-Pma. >_d TTaftix-.
FELL, 526— Furnished; three rooms.
*%£??£■&.**' *^""»«r-Nlce suTTe
!|e____^a.^!aa. bearoom> *"•
FELL. __S— FurnUhed room to let
FILLMORE. 1734-Three unfurnished rooms to
tV«4dt_
FOLSOM. 2CS5-rurnl_hcd room to let
J-IFTEITN-TH. 1412— One fcrpighed room.
P 9IlT? r - SIXTU ave « 512-Sunny furnished
rooms to let.
FIFTH. 126— Furnished rooma.
FIFTH. lEg-Furrished rooms. •
FOURTH. 437— Furnished rooms to let
FILLMORE. 213, near Hal«-_t— Furnished
rooms to let.
FILBERT and Stockton sts.. I~ V. corner— A
gur.n.v furnished roo— _
FOURTEENTH. 84— Sunny furnished front
roe:?; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 733— Furnished room to let,
rRE-ION'T. 316— Furnished rooms to let. ' .
FELLi. 4.63— T_rr.l?hed roc— _ to let
FOI_5Q_L 741A— FurnUhed room to let,
FILBERT. €16^ — Large sunny unfurnished
rood.
FHAX~— jy. 203— Rqc— is to let.
r-JUVaxcc. IXS-rNloely furnished room -
GOLDEN GATE a~e.. 433— Oae sucny fur-
c'.shea room to let
GRAND So_thern. 7th and Mission — Rooms S5c
to $1 25 night; tl SO to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
GROVE, 1355 — Large sunny well furnished
room; running water; one cr two gentlemen:
reaso—able.
GEART. 1455— Furnished room to let.
GEART, 1439 — Fumis-ed room to let
GOUGH. 443 — Two furnished rooms.
GREENWICH. SOS — Sunny front room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 257— Newly furnished
*unny front suites, also single, $2 up; bath;
hot and cold water. - • .■
GREEX, €22 — Rocms to let
GOUGH. 723 — Large furnished room.
GEARY, G20 — Furnished rooms to let
GEATtY. 756 — Furnished rooms.
GRHEN*. C22— Furr.i^htd room.
GEARY. 151C— FurziEhed roc—; beard if de-
sired. ■ ■ .*■.
GROVE. £35 — Rcoras to let . - • ; i
OrjOVE. 640 — Nicely furnished front room.
GREEN, 6-4 — Room to let
GUERRERO, 017 — Furnished rocm.
OOLDEN" GATE ave.. S10— Nice eunny room;
cheap.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 030 — Large unfurnished
- eunr.y rooca s> ' - -■— .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 430— Large furnished
ror*m.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. OT3— Goo3 furnished
rooms; nice neighborhood.
GUCRPvERO. 2SS— Xicely furnished roc— s.
GROVE. 21 4 't— Rocrn to let
GUERRERO. SI 7— Furn-hed room.
GREEN'.* __S3. lifar Kil'more — Unfurnished
Iront ror-m for la<jy or Kent; rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 530. cor. Van Ness—
Lang? sunny unfurnished rooms and suites.
GRANT ave., S — Nice room to let
_____ , __
GEARY. 441— A rocra to let
GROVE. 644— A furnished rocm; $7.
GREEN", 724 — Furnished rocm to let.
GREENWICH. 1923 — Large, furnished room.
GEARY. 4*3— Sur.ny room to let.
—
GUERRERO, 813 — Furnished room to let
GOUGH. 723 — Large furnished room.
GROVE. 640 — Furnished rooms.
GOLDEN" GATE ave., 633— Housekeepins'
rooms reasonable.
GOLDEN" GATE ave.. C37— Rooms to let
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 530. cor. Van Ness ave.
— Sunny, large, unfurnished rooms and suites.
GROVE, 1654— Room* to let.
—————-———————————_-———————————————————————_—.
GROVE, 4KB- Furnished rocm.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C32— Furnished rooms.
GEARY. 1523 — Furnished room; $10.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1236 — Furnished room.
GEARY. 1208— Elegar-t single room: also suit*;
■Kubioe; bath; phone; home cocking.
GEARY. 714^ — Unfurnished room to let
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1901 — Furnished room
to leu ■
GEARY. 723 — Furnished room to let
GROVE, 214H — Room.
- -___
GEART. nOO— Sunny furnished room.
GOLDEN GATE a\-e.. COS — Furnished rooms.
GEARY. S*78— Furnished rooms.
.GROVE. 40S'i— Fanny room with or without
board: all conve__»ncei; home comfort; cen-
tral and reason* iu<?. HR*d
GOLDEN" GATE ave.. 340 — Large eunny front
room; f.nst-class board; reference*.
GEARV, 222^ — 2 rocms; bath; gas; private en-
trance: C-3.
GREENWICH, 2015— Unfurnished room.
GEART, 756 — Furnished rooms to let.
GEARY. 742— Nicely furnished sunny frcnt
room; r ingle or double; bath: phone.
GROVE. C-2 — Famished rocms to let
GOUGH, 405— Furnished rooms.
GEARY, 4C0 — Furnished rooms to let ,
HAWTHORXE, 18 — Nicely furnished rooms to
kt. ' '
HERMANN 1 . 43% — Rooms tolet i
HOWARD. l_08^-Fur_I_hed room to let,
HARRIEON, 752*4— -Furnl-hed rooms.
HOWARD. €40 — Eunny front room, crate,
$2 25 week.' ' ■ ' - ' • ~ ,
HOWARD, 71 &— Furnlitbed rooms, single or
t. (fia-tle: central 'location.' V'- 1
BOOMS TO IkBT— Prttau. ana^.TrBf-Jn.
H iM? HOR ' N ' El 8— Ftirnished rooms, reason-
HAYES. 814— Nice gunny furnished room. $8.
HOWARD. 70C— Rooms to let.
HAYE3. 469— Furnished room.
HOWARD. 837— Room to let
HOWARD. 716^— Rooms to let
HOWARD. 818— Fnrnlghed rooms to ltt
HOWARD. 1668— Sunny furnished room to let
HARRISON. 616— Furnished rooms to let
HAYES. 681— Furnished room to let
HAWTHORNE. S— Sunny furnished room.
HARTFORD. S6— Furnished rooms. ', V
HOWARD. 2214— Furnished room to let
HOWARD. 724*4— Rooms to let '" '~-
HOPETON Terrace. 7 — Rooms to' let. '
HYDE). 509 — Furnished • rooms to lef cen-
trally located. '
HYDE. 1549 — Rooms to let
HAIGHT. SSI— One gunny room to let
HOWARD. 1923— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD. 728— Furnished .rooms.
HYDE. 408A— One large room to let.
HAtGHT. 418 — One sunny room to .let.
HAIGHT. COS— Three front rooms; 'unfur-
nished; use of bath; reasonable to right par-
ties.
HAIGHT. E6— Furnished rooms.
HARRISON. 784— Furnished rooms.
HARRISON. 750— Furnished rooms. •*._,'.
HOWARD. 774^ — Furnished 1 rooms. .
HAMPTON place, 18 — Nice, furnished rooms;
reasonable; quiet; central.
HAMPTON place. 20— Nice, furnished rooms;
reasonable; quiet: central.
HOWARD. 1206— Furnished rooms to let.
HOWARD, COl — Furnished rooms to let
HARRISON, 620— Unfurnished room. ;;..:.'.
HOWARD. 860 — Rooms to let
HAYES. 313— Furnished rocm to let
HAIGHT. 218 — Furnished rooms to let.
HAIGHT. 594 — Furnished room.
HARRISON, 74S — Furnished rooms to let
■
HOWARD. 607 — A fumiehed room to let.
HOWARD. 1013 — Furnished rooms; single or
double.
HOWARD. 504— Furnished room to let.
HOWARD, 1312 — Large frcnt room to l*t.
______
HOWARD, 1C74 — Furnished rooms.
HAYES, 447 — Furnished room.
HOWARD. 614— Furnished rooms to let
HAYES. 673 — Nice sunny room to let - ' .
HAMPTON place. -18—^Furnished rooms; quiet;
reasonable; central. "■-. ■■■*■
HAMPTON place, 20— Furnished rooms; quiet;
reasonable; central.
HAMPTON place, '15— Furnished rooms;' quiet; i
reasonable; central.
HOWARD, »2C— For rent, neatly furnishes
rooms.
HOWARD, 570 — Furnished room to let.
HARRISON. 322 — A room for gent. ..*,■
HARRISON. 812— Furnished rooms.
HARRISON, 744— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD, 547 — Nicely furnished room.
HOWARD. 1907— Furnished rooms, to let.
HOWARD, 57S— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD. 715 — A rogm to let.
HARRISON. 1114 — Nicely furnished rooms;
latest improvements.
HAYES. 916 — Furnished sunny front room.-
HYDE, 4CS — One small room to let.
HAIGHT. 12 — One fumiehed room; airy; bath, i
HOWARD. 618 — Nice sunny room to let.
HYDE. 410— One lante room to let.
HOWARD. 1639A — Furnished room to let
HOWARD, 134 — Rooms to let. j
HAIGHT 332 — A large sunny suite of rooms;
grate; running water; 2d floor; corner house.
HARRISON. 721— Rooms to let.
HOWARD. 737%— Rooms, large and tunny, to]
ltt. . I
HYDE. 710 — One sunny, room to let.
HOWARD. 1973 — One furnished room.
HAIGHT 32S — Large sunny parlors, with com-
municating dressing room; excellent table.
NICELY furnished rooms; reasonable; central;
quiet. IS Hampton place..
NICELY furnished rooms; reasonable; central:
quiet. 20 Hampton place. -
NICELY furnished rooms: reasonable; central;
quiet. 15 Hampton place.. .;
HYDE, -316— Furnished rooms; running, water;
reasonable. • ■
HOWARD. IOCS — Neatly . furnished rooms for !
housekeeping: ' also single room.
HARRISON. *-410. bet 20th and 21st— Furnish-
ed front rocm,' suitable 'for 2 men: rent $5.
HOWARD, 934 — Furnished rooms, to let.
HOWARD, 1070 — Rooms to let
HYDE. 2214— Rooms to let • '
HAYES. , 4S1— Nicely furnished - bay-window
front roemxfor one or two gentlemen; bath
and gas.
HOWARD. 94S— Keat sunny front room; $6.
HOWARD. 864 — Furnished rooms to let '
HAIGHT, 832— Furnished room to let
HYDE, 812 — Sunny, furnished ■ roc— i.
HICKORY ave.. 604— Room to let
HARRISON, S408H. be*- Twentieth and Twen-
ty-first— 2 sunny front with bath and gas
stove; gas Included; $12. ""- .
HOWARD. 737— Nicely room.\': •
HYDE, -6}_ — Furnished "room" to: let '• V -
*&E-SAN FRANCISCO ,' CALL,. SUNDAY, DECEMBER IS, 1904.
BOOMS TO MT—gn-a. imd~ Unfium.
IVY. 46— Rooms to let ' \ *
IN private family, single rooms for gentlemen;
references required. A. B.. box 2256. Call.
JONES,' 520— Furnished rooms to let " ■ "
JULIA. 42— Furnished rooms to let.
JONES. gi3-^-Sunny well furnished rooms. '.
JESSIE. 32S— Sunny rooms to let ,
JESSIE. 316— Front room to rent.
JONES. 943 — Sunny; well furnished; conveni-
ent; references; private family.
JESSIB, C25 — Furnished rooms v to' let
JONES. 721— Unfurnished rooms.
JESSIE. 542 — Sunny furnished double room,
running water. $7; single room, $5.
JESSIE. 624— Room to let. '
JESSIE. 323 — Sunny bedroom for one . person;
neat; see it; $1 75 week/ •
JESSIE, 367 — Nice, sunny, furnished rooms,
$1 per week up. . . .--■ . • " ,
KEARNY, 418 — Fine sunny front rooms for
$2 50 per week; flrst-class. . . . ...
KEARNY 305— Nicely furnished rooms with
bath. , ■
KEARNY. 232— Furnished room.
KEARNY. 221 — Furnished room.
KANSAS, 634, near Nineteenth — A nic« sunny
' room; furnished. -, " " '
LEAVENWORTH, .1023— Sunny room ' with
board; $5 50 up; good home cooking; bath;
phone. • ■ . .
LEAVENWORTH, 306 — Large sunny double
room; fine board for 2; good location; refs.
LARKIN", 819^ — Nice large housekeeping
room; gas stove and bath; $12 per month.
LARGE alcove room In warm belt of Mission.
. Address box 258S. Call of flee. ■'
LARKIN. 1149 — Single and double rooms.
LOCUST ave., COSU— Front sunny furnished
room. $6.
LARKIN, 1058— Rooms to let. ". '.
f > '
LILY ave., 112— Nice single room to let
LARKIN, 429 — Furnished suite for rent.
LARKIN. 423— Single room to let. .
LILY ave., 14 — Furnished room to let
LARKIN. 509A— Sunny' furnished rooms; rea-
sonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 1720— Fine sunny room;
reasonable. -
LEAVENWORTH, 315 — Nice sunny rooms to
let.
LILY ave., 112 — Furnished room.
LARKIN. 034 — One room for two; private fam-
ily, with or without board.
MASON, 1303— Furnished rooms.
MINNA, 35 — A nice sunny room' to let
MINNA, 461 — One large front room to let.
MISSION, 561. nr. 2d — Large front room, suit-
able for 1 or 2 gents; also neat sunny bed-
room for lady, with use of kitchen.
MARKET. 1561— Room to let. .;; %'.
MINNA, 922— Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 3C17 — Furnished rooms to let "-
MISSION, 573— rSunny room; $1.
MISSION. 1615 — Front eunny furnished, room.
MONTGOMERY. 131&— Furnished room to* let
MONTGOMERY. 1324— Furnished . room* to.let r
MOSS, 33— Furnished room to let iV. -';
MISSION. 1710— Front room; sunny. J-.'-Vj'-V-
■MASON.' 1527 — Furnished rooms; "private: with
or without, or without bath; references.
MARKET, 1040 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator; also hkpg.
MARKET. 1104— Sunny furnished frcnt rooms
to let
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St.— 400
Mngle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per. day,
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and Kfves free baths and ele-
vator .service day and night to Jts guests.
MCALLISTER. 1034—2 furnished back eunny
' rooms to let.
■ ■ 1 i ' i
MISSION, S10— FumiFhcd rooms.
M1FS-ION". P37A— Furnished rocrr.s.
MARKET. 1S21— Nicely furnished rooms; light
and air j'. - . '■ • .' .
MARKET, ~S3Vj— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 737— Furnished rooms. ' j
MARKET. lCC7^i— Furnished rooms to let.
MINNA. 313-^-Room*:
MISSION. C34— P.boms to let. ' V.i
MINNA. 461— A furnished room to let
MCALLISTER, 14. room 18 — Large "furnfshed-
or -unfurnished room; suitable for two; grate
and running water.
MCALLISTER, 2000— Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 1031— Furnished rooms. '
MASON, 825, near Pine— Nicely furnished
rooms. ■. ■ i
MONTGOMERY, 100 — Sunny front rooms to
let. ( -^ . , |
______
MINNA. 1319— Front room to let. '
MISSION*. 2215 — Rooms to let
MINNA. 231— Furnished rocms to let' .• '-
MINNA. 653^— Furnished rooms.
MARY, 84 «4— Large front room; furnished.
MCALLISTER, 405— Furnished room to let-
* ______ i - '
~ MASON. 505— Rooms to let
MISSION. 1056 — Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 7C5— Furnished rooms to let #
MINNA. 231— Furnished rooms ' to • let .'
MISSION, 1012— Furnished room to let './:
MARKET. 1007 Va— Rooms to rent
MARKET, 1007 'i— Office room to let.
MORRIS ave.. 106 — Two furnished rooms to
let. •■'■-..■ ■ . •■■'■ . .-. ;
MISSION. 1113— Furnished rooms to .let
MARKET. 1723 — Furnished room, to let .
MARKET, »2H6#— Furnished rooms,
. MARKET. 2M6— Furnished , rooms. • .. , : ,
MARKET. 1847— Furnished rooms.'
MISSION, €29— Rooms to le* ' , * ' "
BOOMS' TO LET— Pum. and. TJnfnrn.
MISSION.- 1729— Rooms to -let. .
MARKET, 817-tFurnished rooms.
MISSION". SIC— Furnished. room to let .
MCALLISTER, 108— Sunny furnished room for
gentleman.'
JIcALLISTER. 412. flat 4— Nicely furnished
■ '. front ' room. : ■ •
MINNA. 23 — Nice sunny rooms to let
MISSION. ' 1433— Furnished- rooms. V V
MISSION, 1039— A nice furnished room to
, let. - - . - ....
WEST MISSION, 148— Nice, furnished room to
rent: for gentleman: private family. _
MASON. 405-^-Rooms. '
MINNA, 461 — Pleasant, ' furnished rooms at
moderate prices. .
MISSION. 1210— Room to let
MISSION, 2210— Rooms to let '
MISSION, 2245— Rooms to let.
MISSION, 2202— Rooms to let.
MISSION, 865 — Furnished rooms. . '\. }.
MARKET. 1515H— Rooma to let '*
MASON. 417— Furnished rooms.
"MISSION, 1023— Furnished rooms. * ' •"
MONTGOMERY, 13— FurniEhed rooms to let.
MISSION, 1221 — Furnished rooms.
MISSION, -807 — Furnished rooms to let V-r ?
MASON, 1627— Unfurnished rooms to let.
MISSION, 2S14— Nice' furnished front rooms to
rent. •" "' ' " ■
MISSION. 1220— Unfurnished room to let.
MISSION. , 1035— Furnished rooms. ~
MINNA. 531— Furnished rooms to let.
MARKET. 1S02— Furnished rooms. .. • , i
MISSION. 1514 — Furnished rooms to let
MARKET. 1104— Rooms to let.
MARKET. 1206— Sunny rooms to let
MONTGOMERY, 100 — Rooma to let.
MONTGOMERY, 121— Furnished , rooms to let.
MONTGOMERY, 131— Sunny rooms to let
MONTGOMERY. 1S7— Rooms to let
MINNA. 465B— Furnished room. . ."
MASON", 614^ — Room to let. ji£\ ;.;Z%'»K-;
MEACHAM 1 place. 7, on Post St.— Rooms to
let. " ■ '- ■ •
MASON. 805 — Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 725— Fumiehed rooms.
MARKET. 737 — Cozy furnished room: suitable
.for -a gentleman; $10 month.
MADISON ave., 20 — Furnished rooms.
MINNA, -429— Nice room to let. . .'?..;>
MISSION, 1846— Nice euany jroiom 'to let.:
MCALLISTER, 1093— Sunny "front room, with
light; modern kitchen.
MARKET. 1735 — Furnished rooms to let
'MARKET. 1723 — Sunny furnished room to let.,
MARKET. 1S47— Nice furnished room.
MCALLISTER, »71— Room to let .
NINETEENTH. 4137— Room In private family.
NINTH ave., 259,' Richmond — Furnished room
,.;;v:v
NATOMA, 724 — A large furnished room to let
NINETEENTH," 3623— Nice sunny room.
NATOMA. 1031— Furnished rooms to let.
NINETEENTH, 4232— Single sunny room to
rent .in private family; no other roomers.
NOE.. 577 — To rent, sincle room; pleasant;
"good location; cheap. .-
NATOMA. 38— Furnished room to let-
NATOMA. 517A— Furnished rooms to let.
J NINTH, 130— Furnished rooms.
; NEWLY furnished sunny room. - Box 351.
Call office.
NATOMA. 430 — Rooms to let.
NATOMA, 1919VJ— A nice sunny room to. let -
NATOMA. 63 — Furnished rooms to let. -.*..?
NATOMA, 65— A room to let.
NATOMA, 12— Furnished rooms. ' . .'■ .
NATOMA. 250— Nice sunny room, to let,
O'FARRELL. 7C9— Furnished front room; sun-
ny ar.d eas.
O'FARRELL. 010— Furnished rooms to let.
OAK, 799 — Furnished rooms.* 'i".->,
CAK, 221— Nic« small furnished room to let.
O'FARRELL, 6— Furnished rooms.
OCTAVIA, 26— Furnished rooms. '.'■'.
OCTAVIA. 155— Furnished rooms.
•OCTAVIA, 161— Furnished rooms.
OCTAVIA. 445— Light roomr, hot and cold \
water. • ' ♦ ■' •' \ - i
OCTAVIA;-*!!— A furnished room to let '
OAK. : 613%— Rooms to let.' • /
O'FARRELL, 60S (The~ Newhall)— Newly fur-
1 nished rooms: "■ '
O'FARRELL, 554— Sunny furnished room to
let. ■' ' •"* .'. -..-•■ ;<• -.■ -\ - ■
' OAK.-' S8— Utafurnlshied- rooms. • ' ' W
OAK, 55f— Furntehed rooms to let
OAK; 631^-Sunny room; to let. "".
OAK, 718— Suany furnished "front room. * -
OAK. 613— Sunny- room uo let -.....'
OAK." 246— Furnished* room .to let ; "
O'FARRELL.* 776— Nice furnished rooms; new
and elegant;- reasonable/.
aFARRELL, 1127— Nicely furnished- sunny
; room.'" bath,,* phone; private 'house. v </ ■ ,
O'FARRELL. 1194— Sunny rooms in corner flat-
-excellent: table • . ■. .- ; .-• .■-.. . "
O'FARRELL, 653-^-Nlcely furnished | front rm. ;
.- running - water; '- excellent ".table; ' reasonable
Phone Larkin 367Q. ' >
BOOMS TO LET- gnro. and TTnfnrn.
OAK; 407 — $4 .month; large sunny. Call after
'5 p. m.. ■•';•. ■-
OLIVE ave., 548 — Furnished room to let.
O'FARRELL. 623— Furnished rooms at rea-
■ sonable; prices: ■_
O'FARRELL, -333— Nice furnished rooms to
I let - ■ ■■■■.: -.■'•■ . ' - -_
O'FARRELL. 407— Furnished room to let.
O'FARRELL. 1399— Sunny j rooms to let
POST. 631— Fine slnsrle back sunny room to
let; only $8.
PROSPECT ave.. 318— Sunny furnished rooms
to let; reasonable.
PAGE. 824— Furnished rooms to let
POST, 627^-Sunny furnished front rooms.
POWELL. 9— Sunny front room.
PRESIDIO ave.. 842 — Sunny room to let /
PINE. 1006— Sunny room. - : •
PINE, 668—2 nleo rooms to let.
POWELL, 2.T9— Furnished rooms.
PAGE, 551— A neatly furnished room.
POLK. 107 — A sunny hallroom.
POWELL. 9— Furnished rooms.
POWELL. 223 — Furnished rooms.
POWELL, 230— Furnished rooms.
PAGE, 551— Rooms to let .-•'/• wi -.
POWELL, 932— Furnished rooms. j
PINE. 729 — Furnished room to let.
POWELL. SIC, opposite Hotel Fairmont — Sun- j
ny front parlor; elegantly furnished; with or
without connecting rooms; fine location for
professional business.
PAGE, 1664— Room to let.
PINE, 668 — Two sunny rooms to let-
PINE, 2020— Room to let. ;
POLK. 1019 — Furnished rooms' to let. ' .Vv .■ ■
POST. 1820— Sunny front room to let. (
POWELL, 317 — Furnished room. .~.iu:
POST. 567 — Single and double rooms . with '
! . . board ; first class. - . • . • -»
j POST.' 2216— Nice furnished room to let -
PINE. 731— Furnished , room.'
PAGE, 502^ — Furnished room to let.
PINE, 729— Sunny furnished room.
POST. 701 — Fine sunny room for gentleman;
every modern convenience.
POWELL, g— Furnished rooms to let
PINE. 668— Nice room to let. |
PACIFIC, 912A— Rooms to let.
POWELL, 1123— Rooms to let.
POWELL. 222— Furnished rooms.
PAGE, 18S1— Nicely furnished room. •
PINE. 1006— Furnished room to let.
" 828 — Elegantly ."" furnished *" rooms;
very- reasonable. • . ,
POST, 217 — Fine rooms to let; centrally lo-
cated. ;•„ , •
POWELL, 502 — Furnished rooms to let.
POLK. 723 — Fine furnished room. Phone Lar-
■ kin 3519.
PROSPECT place, 316 — Furnished room.
PAGE, '458 — Furnished room.
; PAGE, '458 — Furnished room to let
s ______
i PINE, 172S— Rooms to let, furnished. •
POWELL; 1836— FurnUhed room to let
PINE, 732^ — Furnished rooms.
PFEIFFER. 146, near Dupont and Green —
Room.
POWFLL." 506 — Nice sunny front room; run-
ning water.
PINE. 1735-r-Close in; elegant furnished sunny
room;, cheap.
PINE, 13(te. cor. Hyde — A sunny front suite;
newly 'furnished; 2 beds; $16.
POWELL, 506 — Nicely furnished rooms. \
PINE. 1533, near Van Negs-rFront suite nicely
furnished; modern flat; hot and cold . water.
POLK, 827 — Unfurnished room.
PAGE.- »27S — Two nicely furnished - rooms for
h'jusekeeping; $15.
PINE. 793— A suite of parlors, with excellent !
. beard; $50 per month.
ROOMS FOR RENT.
The Pacific Coast Room, Renting Agency has
' opened offlceq at 2S9 Post st If you want a
room, suite of rooms or fiat call and see us.
We can furnish you furnished or unfurnished I
rooms and save you Urns, trouble and money. I
Full dscrlption. prices, etc.. phone John 0581.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
* floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
RINGOLD. 734?i— Room to let. -
RUSS. '131 — Furnished rooms to let; reason-
uble. ••■■--.-
SECOND, 421 — Two neat sunny rooms: re-
spectable private family; rent $6 and $7.
SHOTWELL. 025V4— Will rent sunny fur-'
nished room to elderly lady; 'very cheap.
SUTTER. HID — Front and back parlor to let;
. furnished. ■ ' . ■ .
STJTTER, 236 — FurniEhed rooms.
SUTTER. 005— Rooms. ,
, __—__— ______
SUTTER, 3k6— Rooms. :*'
STOCKTON". 321— A nice furnished room to
' kt - ' ' - '
STOCKTON. 4C8 — Rooms.
SIXTH, 10Hi — Sunny j furnished ; rooms to let. '.
SIXTH, 140— Good rooms to let; also tran-
sient rooms. . |
SAN 'BRUNO ave.. 336— Nice furnished rooms'
tolet." '
SOUTH PARK. 115A— Furnished rooms.
SUTTER, 814— To " let; one. large sunny fur- '
nished or unfurnished room. J
SUTTER.. 1105 — Large front bay-window room;
running water, grate, closets; $12; other rms. !
SECOND, 217 — Furnished rooms to let.
SHOTWELL,' 121, near ' Sixteenth — Sunny fur-
.> nished front room; $4 per month; with gas.
SUTTER,~703 (San Remo) — Large. sunny fur-
nished: rooms, .single and en suite.
SANCHEZ. 138— Furnished room. : .
SUTTER, 1113— Furnished front and back
parlor. *--•"--•■.•••
; STEVENSON. , 281 — FurnUhed rooms to ; let. .
■ ROOMS ; TO LET— Pnra. and TJaf urn.
SUTTER. 427— Furnished rooms to let
STEVENSON/ 645%— Room to let
SACRAMENTO. 610— Sunny furnlshsd rooms
to let.
SIXTH, 224 — Sunny rooms to let; location cen-
tral.
SUTTER. 2482— Nice sunny room to let; sult-
abie for one or two Gentleman.
i
SUTTER, 1140— A furnished room.
SIXTH, 506 — Furnished rooms in private fam-
lly; $1 25 per week.
SIXTH. 306ii — Furnished rooms.
SAN JOSE ave.. 341B — Unfurnished rooms to
let. ..
SOUTH PARK. 13— A nice furnished room.
SECOND. 140— Furnished rooms to let.
SILVER. 163 — A room for single gentleman.
SILVER. 167 — A room for gentleman.
SECOND. 205— Furnished rooms to' let
SIXTH. 620— Large furnished room.
SEVENTH. -556— Rooms to let.
STEVENSON. 541 — Furnished rooms.
fcOTJTH PARK. 109— Furnished room for gen-
tleman. . ... ,"- -
SUNNY furnished rooms to let . Box 2844.
Call offlc*.
SUTTER, 1428 — Suite of rooms with bath.
SHRADER. 510 — Large furnished room.
SIXTH. 662— Rooms to let; call Monday be-
. fore 2 p. m.
SIXTH,' 541— Furnished rooms to let.
SECOND, 422 — Nicely furnished room.
SECOND. 204— Sunny front room to let.
STEVENSON. 620 — Cheap sunny rooms, single
or double, with grate. . ■ -r ..;
• SACRAMENTO. 2521— Room" to let
SUTTER. 4C5— A furnished room to let
STOCKTON. 202— Furnished room.
SIXTH. 142— Furnished rooms to let
| SIXTEENTH, 3275— Furnished rooms.
SIXTEENTH, 3241 — Furnished rooms.
SEVENTH 23SA — First-class board, with new-
ly furnished rooms; hot water; telephone.
SUTTER, 346— Furnished rooms.
SUTTER. 3C9 — Sunny rooms to let
STEVENSON. 253— Rooms to let
SAN CARLOS ave.. 173, off 18th, bet. Mission
and Valencia— 1 large, 1 small room; modern
Eat; no children: for gentteman.
SCOTT. 1731— Nicely furnished room.
SIXTH. 541 — Furnished room to let.
SIXTH, 541— Furnished rooms to rent
SUTTER. 2514%— Furnished rooms to good
tenants.
SIXTH. 530 — Rooms to rent
- SCOTT, 811 — Nice, sunny room.
FURNISHED room to lef Apply at 24S5 Sut-
ter st. ■-■■■■• . . --v
STEVENSON. 635 — Sunny rooms to let
SACRAMENTO. 1332— Rooms to let
SOUTH PARK. 76— Furnished rooms to let.
♦ * ______
SHIPLEY. 42— Furnished room to let
STOCKTON. 502— Rooms to let.
STEVENSON". 233^-Furnished rooms.
STEVENSON. 1395— Rooms to let
STEVENSON. 275— Nice furnished room to let;
$1 50 a week.
SUTTER. 622— Furnished rooms to let In fine
neishborhood. * " ■ . V
SIXTH. S3— To let. room. j
SUTTER. 1737— Room to let
SECOND, 612 — Sunny furnished room.
SILVER. 167— A room for gentleman.
STEVENSON, 774 — One furnished room.
STOCKTON, 1315 — Rooms to let. " T ;i
SIXTH, 124 — Furnished rooms to' let.
SAN JOSE ave., 2217 — Furnished rooms to let.
SANCHEZ. 12S— Furnished rocm to let
THE ST. KATHRYN CORNER "ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH RTS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE CLAY. 1216 Jones— Prices reduced; sunny
rooms; flno table; ref«. ; Sacramento car line.
THE LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter— Furnished
• rooms.
THIRD. 17 — 2 furnished rooms to let.
THIRD. -33 — Furnished rooms to let '
TAYLOR. 135— Furnished rooms. ;
TAYLOR. 611— Sunny furnished rooms to let
TURK. 733— Larre sunny furnished room. :
TURK. B17 — Furnished room, gas and bath.
THIRD, 419 — Furnished sunny front room to
let- ,. ;
THIRD, 78 — Furnished rooms.
TURK. 353 — Furnished rooms to let
XH7RD. T5 — Furnished rooms.'
THIRD. 87— FurnUhed rooms. . •
A NICE sunny front room to let Apply 207
: Tehama st. • . \ .
! TWENTY-THIRD. 3677 — Large ■ furnished
• room. . ■ • ■ .
TEHAMA. 162— Nice furnished room to let
r _______________________________________
T THIRD, 18— Room to let.
i i — ,
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3174— Nice l sunny front
rooms to let. .
i -~~~z — ■■■,.■*- ■ - - ■ . ~~- -■
TEHAMA. 360— Room to let
TEHAMA; 68— Furnished rooms.
TO Ut— -Sunny furnished room. Apply, at 6_>
Eddy st . -
TEHAMA. 156— Furnished room to Ut
TEHAMA, 4 — Furnished rooms.
'BOOMS TO UTS—Tzun. and USl-xn.
THIRD. 318 — Furnished room. .
TURK. 122 — Rooms to let.
THIRD. 347 — Furnished room to 1st.
. TAYLOR. 624 — Choice furnished rooma la fin*
neighborhood.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3254— A sunny room to
let. ,
THIRD. 858— Furnished room to let,
TENTH. 147— A furnished room to lr!,
TEHAMA. 165. upstairs— Furnished room to
let - . -
TURK. 1163— Room* with -board.
TAYLOR. 7CO, near Sutter^ — Sunny furnished
room for 1 or 2, $3 month.
TURK. 816 — Single room for gentleman; pri-
vate house. '-- ... •; .* .- :»
! TEHAMA. 314t&— Furnished rooma to let.
TWENTIETH. 37S3 — Furnished rooms or suite;
Mission warm, belt -. - , .»
TEHAMA. 43— Furnished room to 1st.
TEHAMA. 208— Rooms to let
THIRD. 216 — Furnished rooms. -
THIRD, 230, corner Teharca— N"!c» sunny front
room to let
TWENTY-TUIRD. 4019— Fumlahed room* to
let . ■
THIRD, 127^4 — Nicely Tarnished room.
TAYLOR, 125— Rooms.
TEHAMA. 330— Nicely furnished sunny front
, rooms, single or double. • ;•— i .;•-!
TAYLOR. 210— Bay-window front room»
sunny. . . . ..■■ ■ • ■ - - ,
THIRTEENTH. 233— Nice sunny furnished
rooms; very reasonable. . -
THIRTEENTH. 40— Front rocm to let "
TEHAMA. 160 — Furnished room to let
TEHAMA. 165— Nicely furnished room. "
TEHAMA, 134— Rooms to let *V.Vv
TEHAMA. 718 — Furnished rooms to let
THE CUSTER. 0C6 Market— Nice furnisned
room; rent reasonable. < -
THIRD. 17— Sunny front rocm to let,
THIRD. 53 (The Winchester)— Finest rooms In
the city. :;?*,-■, -•
THIRD. 3CS— Elegant rooms, 25<^ 60o. 75c. $1
. night; $1 25 to $3 week.
THIRD. 342 — Furnished rooms to let,
TEHAMA. 437 !4— Sunny furnished room* to
let. •
TURK. 825— Furnished rooms to l»t *;-'.- ■-■.;
TENTH. 123 — Furnished rooms to 1st,
TEHAMA. 215& — Nicely furnished front room,
cheap.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3407— Sunny frcat room
to let. '
TEHAMA. 426 — Well furnished sunny suites,
$10; respectable; private; no children.
TURK. 54S — Furnished room to 1st
TURK, 1503 — A large back parlor, suitable far
two gentlemen: references.
TWENTY-SEVENTH. 27 — Furnished recm» to
let. ,
THIRD. 73 — Nicely furnished rooma at Tno
Wellington.
THIRD. 23— Rooms to let
THIRD, 53 — Rooms to let
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, nr. Market— 400
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water. In er ery
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
UNION. 527A — Room to let
VAN NES3 ave., 60O — Rooms to let.
VERNON. 362 (Oakland) — 2 large front rooms;
$10; phone Red 4203.
VAN NESS ave., 10<5& — Good rooms to let; en-
tlre house newly renovated. .-
VALENCIA. 013 — Furnished rooma.
VAN NESS. C20— Lar—e furnished room.
VASSEROT place. 9 — Nice sunny room to let
VAN NES9, 850^ — Sunny front room and board;
hot) and cold water: closet; parlor; phont.
VAN NES3 a-e., 11C0— Nicely furnished rooms.
VALENCIA, 732— Room for rent $12.
VALPARAISO.. 82. bet. Mason and Taylor-
Furnished room to let.
VENDOME, 1104 Market — Furn. rooms s_it«
or slnsle; suites $5 week up. 15 Turk.
VAN NESS ave.. 850— Sunny suites and smsl*
rooms; good board; use parlor, piano, phone.
VAN NESS ave.. 1008 — Furnished or unfur-
nished, rooms to let: newly decocated. .
VAN NESS.' 407— Nicely furnished rooma; best
location; reasonable. •
VAN NESS ave.. 1516 — Room to let
VALENCIA. 1322. flat D— Nicely furnished
rooms: reasonable.
WALLER. 3S8 — Sunny room- to rent
■ ■ *
WEBSTER. 2315— Furnished rttom.
WEBSTER. IK:? — Sunny furnished front room;
suitable for gentleman.
WEBSTER. 1352— Sunny front room; suitable
for ona or two gentlemen.
WEBSTER. 1346 — Rooms to let
WILLIAM. 112— Furnished room to let
WASHINGTON. 928— Furnished rooma.
WEBSTER. 1352 — Sunny furnished front r0om|
suitable for gsntleman.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c. to $150 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elerator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; -baggage.
WILL rent part - of my flat to maa and w_*».
■ Box 2250. CaiL >
• .
ZOE. 85 — Furnished rooms. •
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Chgrch.
aOOMS^AOT^BOAap.
HOTEI. I/AIGLON. 601 Geary st— tarn
sunny rooms, board; suites, wlta board for a.
$50 mo!T7in_le. with board. $23 up; spactel
family rates: lust renovated.
GOLDEN OATE ave.. 1C31. Bear. JeSersoa
Park— Furnished room, bath: private house;
good board: $20; two. $33 month.
EUWY nleely f urnls_ed " bedroom, with or
without board, for lady ;. cheap. • Box 2596,
'" Call office.
ELLIS. fll+— Furnished front room and board
for gentleman. .■■ * :
GEARY W0 — Furnished rocms; central: , suit-
able family cr 2-3 gents: beard optional: refs.
, ! .
BOARD In private family; lady or gentleman.
lOSi Geary st. _ - .
BE\CT1FTJLLY furnished room with first-class
toard. 1713 Pine st.
ELLIS. 1 1 15-r-Xlcely furnished room with or
without . board. . . ' ,
GOOD board at 172S Sutter st
For Additional Classified Advertise-
menu See : Page 66;~
6566
aOOI-S AgD BO-BD — C<ratla-e_.
HXB3XOXKS. ~£1> — Firrt-rh.ss room an.i Iraaru:
!arpe bt:nrty r^oin. puiisbl** for — . vl-».
KA&BXEON. r,T(V— Lar?" Zur.ry front room;
wntfr; parlor, plane, l_ th; with-without brd.
ECJCKT fan-six- roon:s. with or without
lnjard; roa»c_aW«. Call 1 to S, -TW) Tehama.
_AUOr: r\±?.ny fr^nt rr.o— i ar.d ridf room; run-
ning watnr; with lioard. 1212 Geary Et.
. — —
CT'AT.r. T^—Hcard «n* room in a private
Janrfly; r?g£onal>>; r.lso rooms.
PO5TT. 7S?1 Finest table board; good Ferrice;
reason* Lie; references. ■
ROOM and board. T7T0 OTarrell St.
gfXXy furnished rooma to let with board.
ir.42 Clcy kt^
EHPV. *M> — Board and rooms; first class;
horr-cMfce^
TREilONT, Sl€— Room and board: reasonable.
E— LI-* 453 — Splendid single rooir.s. with b*st
n* French table board; reasonable.
GOlTr>_N GATE. l<W_The Marchioness —
Rooms to let. with board.
CALIFORNIA. 807— I>?t rooms, table and ser-
vice in the citr fcr the least money.
HOOM and beard. 1724 I_i(!TJna st.
BOOTY single newly furn^ room, with gocd
board. Df1v_t«> fFmily. 777 Pine Pt.
LARGE. r*ai:tifu'., sunny double rooms, with
bourd: r»se.; run. water. 306 Ijeavnworth.
BOOMS WANTED.
V." ANTED — 2 cr S nicely furnished rooms, with
bath and exa: eunny end connectins; by-
couple ■« i;h baby: rent net over ?20. Box
_7f-C. CeM office.
WANTED — Tr.-o furnished rooms, with steam
r;e_t. within ten or fifteen minutes' walk to
Th» Call building. Address, vrith term?, hox
21TC. Can office.
BUXXV furnished room for light housekeep-
ing for single roan: b»t. Howard and Bryant
and 2d and <t*\ sir. Box 2559. Call office.
WANTED — By refined couple, rooms with
kitrhen privileges or housckeepin_ rooms;
state r>«riJculars. Box 2246. Call.
WAN'TED— Kitchen, dining-room and bedroom;
$12 to $15; furnisiud or unfurnished. Box
2ST1. C__
WANTED— Thre» unfurnished rooms; etate
rect. Box 273<>. «^3li.
VIA VI.
The Vlavl system of treatmtnt cures by ab-
sorption anl elimination.
That is. the treatment being predicx«ti-d. \%
readily tbsjrbed into th«- system and by feed-
ing the nerves and tissues through the cfrcula-
ti<>n so strengthen* them that it enables the
organs of elimination to throw out the dis-
eased matter that has accumulated.
In its healthy condition the body is con- I
st_nt!y thrcwing off wefIp matter.
If feme of :hi? «a«:c matter remains, disease \
rwuhs — generally in the weakest part of the ,
bo<jy. !
The Viavi pystem of treatment assists nature '
to eliminate all of this waste.
In other words, the Viavl ("yst^m of treat- '
ir.tr.t Itfitta nature to do what it is all the
time trying u> <1<j and knows ought to be done !
That ]c Hit- wnc'.e secret.
Viavi has been curing mothers and daughter*
for fifteen veers.
Hooktet free. Call or write for it. ;
VIAVI COMPANY. 2304 Van Xess ave.. S. F.
PiyrDEKP HOTICES. j
DXTXD-ND Notice— California Safe Deposit '
and Trust <^om_8Tiy, corner California and j
Montgomery Ft?. — For the six months ending
December SI. !9C*. dividends have been de-
t'larui «<n the deposits in the savings depart- ■
tnent of this comrany as follows: On term j
deposits, at the rate of II «j-l(> per cent per !
annum, and en ordinary depceiis at the rate ;
of :', r-er <-ent per annum, free of taxes. an<i |
l.a.\abie .in and after Tuesday, January 3,
1:kj5. J. DALZELL, BROWX. Manager. j
DIVIDEND Notice — San Francisco and Subur- •
dan Home Building Society. 5th floor. Mutual i
Savings Hank buildinc. 70S Market St., op- j
posite Third Ft.— For the half-year ending
December 31, 1901, a dividend ha? been de- j
• lared at the rate j>er annum of ten (l«») per .
tent <>n capital Mock and partici:>ating cer- '
tifk-ates. free from taxes, payable on and
after Monday Januarv 'J 1HU5
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
J. M. DUKK. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — San Francisco Savings
l.'nion, :>„ California st.. cor. Webb — For the
half-year «-n<1inr with the 31st of December,
15*01, a dividend has been declared at the
late .er annum cf three and one-half (3%)
l*r cent en term de:>ofits, and three (.") per
trnt on ordinary deposits, free of taxef, |
payable en and after Tuesday. January 3 j
l'*^>. LOVE——. WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and i
Loan Scciet;-. 52U California wt. — For the i
hall -year ending December 31. 1304, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-quarter (Jfc) per cent per annum
en all depcs!ts. trem of taxes, payable on
end aft*r Tuesday. January X IJWjS
GEORGE TOL'RXY. Secretarj'.
THE J V* la r' ni l. on i. 011 Com P*ny's regular month-!
I- dividend. No. 7. payable January 1 i:*>5
amounting to $1500. equal to lc prr share en '
its iwued capital stock, will b« paid on De-
SSrtSm?- 1! J^ 4 - a ' comMn >''» otac*. room
.31. Mills building. San Francisco. (This U
fiot an extra dividend.) Transfer books clo«
Saturday. I>,f.mber 17. 15*04 at 1 n _l >
GKO. J. REMINGTON. Secretary.
STU-YEKISf-. Ain> STAanttGBIWO. !
EagR-xsidi; _df usLaocasns ~sch66Ls^ I
Dowcto»-n. 521 Franklin, near McAllister. 8
Ml 12 .^pen-air school. 810 Diamond st.: teL
Capp SI. 3; 1 to 6 p. m. Details at either.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 17—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem-
peratures *re reported for the previous day:
rinclnnati 32-10 Philadelphia .. 3tt-2o
Kotlun .14-1*; Washington 3K-I6
Jacksonville :.4-44 N-w York 3'-lS
Ft. t»ui£ M_O Pittsburg . " " :{2-10
•' hl »-» Honolulu. H. I . . 74-6'i
Nex Orleans 66-42: • y . .
SAN FRAXCISCO.... 54-44
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
_ate as compared with those of Bame date last
reason and rainfall in Ian twenty-four hours-
«... " "Last This Last
fetations. 24 h.urs. Season. Season
Kureka O.OO ji 5- in V!
nonius 0.00 u.ei lo.iS
Eacramcnto o.OO 7.00 4 44
S*n Francisco o.ix» - 'j (n» k'ii"
fT" 1 "' 0 ■* "- 00 bIot ;«
Irdependence 0.00 45 42
Kan Luis Obispo o.OO 471 ' >Z
Lc« Angela 0.W i*4s *«
g-n Diego o.OO !_} '.40
| THE COAET RECORD.
g 8 E O 2 «
I ;*S2_S3 *£ I
.3 3s 22 S 2 2* .g-
ETATIOX8. . I |||| |f |° 1
: if:: ?
*?** er S0.3S 22 18 NW Rain Tr"
'Jareon So..i(J .'.4 14 XE Pi Cldy (K)
Iguaa. .W.32 54 42 N Clear ■ m
r 1^" 1 ?, •-••••-'«•■»« 40 30 NW noudy 'oo
H.B. Fan-(i-e30.S3 M 4'J « 'aim Clear '«
lc R^« «O.3<> 50 32 N clear" W
Inder^nd^nc-c ..t(..3« 5»; . . KE C car in
\sn Angles .So.OS h_ 64 \V ' Cllll ' «
Mt. Tamalpals.10.24 r,2 r.I NW c ear "J«
North Head ..:JO.32 50 42 E noudy '_?
Pbocn x 30.12 74 •« \v V- , ay "—
pi. R.yes :r.S:» _i il x c\li r T ■'&
P<»rtland 3O.GO r.2 1«. nw Pain £*
R«,eburg ....3O..-U 54 34 N Cloudy (%
fcacramento ..?,o.2.S 44 34 fiv/ noudy «S
PaltLeke .... .-.<>.:« 42 22 NW Clear " "
B. Francisco.. SO.l'ft C4 41 KW netr "n»
6. L. ObiPno..30.12 70 40 NW Clear "nTi
fan Diego ....3<).O4 78 54 X Clear UO
Rattle 30.34 54 ?.4 .S Cto^Jy "no
:«>._« 44 X2 t=W Cloudy "oo
Tstot-Eh 3t>.2S 50 .. R Cloudy 'on
Watla Walla.. 3(K_« «{ 3S y ciSJdy 'm
Wlr.nemucca .30.4U 4« 16 S Cloudy *or>
Y""» S0-» SO 44 S Cloudy ipp
WEATHER CONDITIONS ASD GEXERAL
FORECAST.
There lias been but little change In pressure
In California during the pan twenty-four
Fair weather prevails throughout California
with some tag In the valleys.
I'oreftJit made et San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 18, 1904:
California, north of Tehachapi — Fair £undav
lM.ocmins cloudy at night; warmer at Sacra-
irento; ii^ht northeast winds.
California, south of Tehachapi — Fair Sun-
<l_y; light northeast wind.
Ncvada-^-Cloudy; warmer Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday
bpcominsr cloudy at night; light east - wind. '
Loss Angeles and vicinity — Fair Sunday, be-
coming cloudy at night; light northeast winds
changing to wrottTly. H
Sacramento— Fair, warmer Sunday; light
north wlnos.
Fresno — Fair, warmer Sunday; light north
winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
SALfny b_MANDS FOrt TEACHERS.—
Auditor Baehr lias consented to have the sai-
ary demands of teachers and Janitors ready lor
delivciy on Wc-dnesday next, bo the employes
ot tte 'school I>partmtnt will have money. be-
fore U3iriKm__
MAKUIAGE MCENSKS.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as
follows:
Giambatista Bottinl. 'JO. 710 Brannan street,
and Maria Devincenzl, 21, city.
Joseph Radon!, 2.'5, 1C2K Kearay etreet, and
Perry Soldavinl. 19. 14 Pollard place.
Clarence D. Mowers, 21. 1_IN Harrison street,
and Nellie K. Becker. l'J. 450 Jessie etrect.
Clark C. Bradford. 21, 417 Lyon street, and
Sarah B. Woods. 21. 4231 Twenty-sixth 3treet.
Gllccrio Depolo, :;."!, Oil Green street, and
Olrra Cucasna, 20, C41 Green street, v
KiRzurhl Doi. 23, Sacramento, and Shlnajo
Makisato, 20. Sacramento.
William G. Noakee. SO, 1122B Harrison
Etreet. and Anna Meininjcr. 21. Fresno.
Jose Machado, 2C. 01 Jackson street, and
Jennie Gomez. 16. «:l Jackson street.
Fred W. Ayiott. 28. 410 Minna street, and
Margaret Hcaley, _7. 270 Langton street.
Jacob Holmlund. 32, 442 Guerrero Etrect, and
Carrie Andet-on, 20, city.
John P. Walsh. 24, 181 Duboce avenue, and
Hortense _. Whitney, 24 1S.W Market street.
William H. I'rmy, 23 1U29 Mission Btreet,
and Edna A. Watkins. l'J, MO Valencia street.
Vlttorio Garibaldi, 23. Woolsey street, and
Marparet Volponc. 17. 24 Cran« street.
Marehall B. Whisler, 21. Oakland, and
Frances E. Soule. 18. Oakland.
Bernard A. Kirsch, 20, :t!2 Hayes street, and
Ivy C. Hall. _«, Seattle, Wash.
John C. Larsen. :;t*, 1712 Fell J«treet. and
Isabella E. von Kapff 25. 1714 Fell etreet.
Lcvi W. Grivg, 27, PresiJio, and Mary Ben-
I nett, ?S. Prtrt&lo.
John R. Lewfs, 25, city, and Evangeline F.
Linde— :an, _:{, city.
John G. AttrldKC. 21. 2005 Leavenworth st.,
and Sadie F. Boyd. IS. 1404 Hyde street.
John C. Tensfeldt. 21. 223 Ivy avenue, and
Clara S. Braun, IS. 721 Brannan street.
AKred R. E. Groener. 34, city, and Maria
S. L. Frey burger 21. city.
George Chinman, Tcsla, and Mabel A. Burge,
27 Ptanley place.
James Shanks, 3fi, Stockton, and Alice I.
j Myers, 211. 1313A Hayes etreet.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
i
i Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
; mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
; in at either of the publication offlces and be
I indorsed with the name and residence of per-
1 nons authorized to have the same published. :
: Notices restricted 6imply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
tree of charce.
BOR.V.
BARBIEKI— In this city. December fl, 1904,
to the wife of S?. Barbieri. a daughter.
BARNVM— In thin city. December 6. 1904. to
the wife of Albert G. Burnuin. a daughter.
BLAIR — In this city. November 25. 1004, to the
wife of Frank Post Blair, a daughter.
BROWXPTOXE— In • this city. December 1G.
l'JC4. to the wifa of L. H. Brownstcne, a
daughter.
COXXELI — In this city. December 13, 1904,
to the wife of T. J. Connell, iwins^ — a son
and a daughter.
CIRR1VAN— In this city, December 15, 1904.
to the wife of J. A. Currivan (nee Manning),
a son.
D1NN— In this city. December 5. 1904, to the
wife of William H. Dunn, a son.
KKXXETT— In this city. December 14 1904,
to the wife of Fred W. Kennett inee Tapley),
a daughter. \
KI"HRT— In this city, Xovember 20, 1904, to
the wife of John Kuhrt, a son. !
KYLE— In this city, December 11, 1904, to'
the wife of Charles Kyle, a son. ■
MOWATT— In this city, December 13, 1904,
to the wife of Francis Mowatt, a daughter.
NATHAN- In this city. December 15. 1004
to the wife of B. Nathan, a son.
SLEV1X— In this city. December 1, 1901 to
the wife of Thomas B. Slevin, a son.
3IARRIED.
LARSEN— VON KAPFF— In this city. De-
cember 17. 1!K>4, by Justice Daniells. John |
J-s irsen and Isabel von Kapff, both of this !
city. i
MITCHELL— KELLY— In this city. December
15. 1JW4, by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown, John '
Mitchell of Xew York and Emma Kelly of I
Toledo. Ohio.
WARREN— TAYLOR— In this city. Decem-
ber. 17. 1904, by the Rev. George W. White,
pastor Central M. E. Church. Charles T.
Warren and Minnie Taylor, both of San
Francisco.
DLED.
Berre. Thurien— 72 (Madden. Catherine— 65 !
Boyter, Katherine E. — McDermott, Annie F. j
39. Meesringer, John P. — 19
Chester. Frederick — 61 Meyer, John C
Cole, John A. — 73 O'Donnell. Thos. — G6
Cole. Albert R. — 37 Ortega. Antonio M. — OS
De Landre*se,L.M. — 33 ! Rae, Joseph — 24
Ficken. Henry — «2 jgaxtorph, Henry — C3
Goldstein. Margaret Seeger. Maria — 11
Homager, £arah A. Slattery, M. F. — 46
Hughes. Leon — 5 mo» Stine. Dr. David L. — 36
Keller. Frank A. E. Williams. Carollne^ — *7
Knapp. Robert I.— 73 Wolters, John B. — 29
Lindstrom, John — 53
EERRE — In this city. December 15, 1904, I
Thoricn, dearly beloved husband of Eli.«a
Berre. and beloved father of I»uls Berre,
a native of France, a_ed 72 years.
C— r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December IS. at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1408 Mason street, between Broad-
way and PaciSo, thence to French Ch#rch
♦ Notre D_me des Victoir««), Bush street,
where services will be said for the repose of
his soul at 1 :30 ». m. Interment Holy
CroF* Cemetery.
BOYTER — In Alameda. Cal., Dpcember 17
I»t4, Katherine E. Boyter. beloved wife of
John A. Boyter, a native of California, aged
'•in years 5 months and <> days.
CHESTER— In .Oakland. December 16, 1004
Frederick Chester, beloved husband of Jessie
Kelsey Chester, and brother of Mrs. Rebecca
Turner and Mrs. Elizabeth A. Turner of
Oakland, a native of Buffalo. X. Y., aged
. <il years J» month? and ltt days. (Buffalo,
X. Y.. papers plea?e copy.)
I_~Fri^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. Pierce Btreet. San Francisco.
Interment private. I
COLE — Xear Vallicita, Calaveras County, Cal., I
John A Cole, beloved brother of Mra John
Collins, and uncle of Charles E. Montgom- \
«ry. - native of Thomaston, Maine, aged 75 j
years 1 month and 29 days. I
C7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect- •
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrovr
(Monday), at- 9 a. m.. from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt. 2C6« Mission street
(Mission Masonic Temple), between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third etreets. Interment
private.
COLE — In this city. December 15, 1904, Albert
R. Cole, beloved husband of Carrie Cole (nee
Crocker), and beloved father of Florence,
Alice. Louts and Walter Cole, a native of
Oswego. X. Y., aged 37 years 5 months and
20 days. (Xew York papers please copy.)
t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral aervices
Sunday, December 18. at 10 a. ! m., at the
mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau. 305
Montgomery avenue. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
DE LAXDRESSE— In Bakc-rsfield, Cal., De-
c-ember 17, 1904, Louis M., beloved son of
H. C. and the late Marie de Landresse, and
brother of Charles P.. Adele and the late
Henry de Landresse, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aeed 33 years. j
(C7"Remalns at the parlors of H. P. Suhr ■
& Co., li:S7 Mission street, between Sev- I
tnth and Kichth. :
FICKEN — In this city, December 1C, 1904 '
Henry, beloved husband of Maria Ficken!
and father of Mabel, Alfred and Frank
Ficken. Mrs. B. Jennings. Mrs. W. Phillips '
and Lewis and Harry Ficken. a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged .02 years 1 month
and 16 day* A member of Harmony Lodge
J\o 9 t A. O. i_». W« !
B_»"rhe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 1 p. m.. from the undertaking
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Xa-
UomU Cemetery- Funeral strictly private.
Harmony Lodge Xo. 9, A, O. U. W.
Members, take notice to attend the funeral
of our late brother, H. Ficken from the un-
dertaking parlors of T. Dierks, 957 Mission
meet, at 1 o'clock p. m.
I J. J. LANG. M. W.
C. R. STEVENSON, Recorder.
COLDSTEIX— "Margaret, beloved wife of Si-
raon Goldstein, and mother of Robert and
Louis Goldstein.
(_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atlend the placing of the
remains in tht^Goldstcin vault to-day (Sun-
day), at 2:30 p. m.. at Eternal Home Ceme-
tt-rj-.
HOMAGER— In Oakland. Cal.. December 1C
I l'JOi, Sarah A., wife of the late Henry Hdm-
actr. a native of Pennsylvania.
tt-'Frksnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday) morning, at 10:30
c clock, at the A. M. E. Church, on Fifteenth
Jtrett. between West and Market. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. ■
HITGHES— In this city. December 17, 1904
Leon, dearly beloved son of William and
Lorena Hughes, and brother of Margaret
Virginia. Emily. Bessie. William. Maud!
Alice and the late Lawrence Hughes, a na-
tive of Kan Francisco, Cal, aged 0 months
. anil 11- daye.^
(_~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 p. m.. from the family resi-
dence. 2H> Chrnery street, near Fatrmount
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KELLER — In , Alameda, Cal., December 15
1904. Frank A. E. Keller, beloved eon of
Mrs. Caroline and the late John G. Keller
and brother of John R., Herman, Carrie and
the late Fred Keller, a native of San Fran-
cisco.- Cal. (Newark, N. J., papers pleate
ct-py.)
tC/Frk-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.', from his late
reeidence. 2113 Clement avenue. Alameda
Take broad-gauge to Willow-street Station'
Incineration Oakland. .
KXAl'P — In Halfmoon Bay, San Matoo County
December 15, 19U4. Robert Israel Knapp!
' beloved ; hust>and of Lizzie Knapp, and
I -lather . of - Mrs.- John > Perry. ■ Mra, •-.- George
1 Sbaeffer. Horace Knapp, Charley Knapp
JTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1904.
' and Mrs. Grcjjory, aired 73 years.
C—Triends and. acquaintances are. invited
to attend the funeral services Sunday, De-
cember 18, at Halfmo<* Bay M. K. Church.
«t 12:."0 p. m.
LINDSTROM— In this city. December 13, 1901,
John- Lindstrom. a native of IJorsrunda,
Sweden, aeed K! years.
C_fKri<'ni!« and nc-;ua!ii itCAcea ar? ttBTKtt-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). December IS. at 10 a. m.. from
the parlors of the Western Addition Funeral
I Directors. 17_4 Devisadero street, between
I Sutter ar.d Bush under the auspices of Ara-
1 pahoe Tribe No. 7<5. Imp. O. H. M. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
MADDEN— In this city. December 17, 1904,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late John
Madden, beloved 'mother of Edw. Ferguson,
and 3istcr of Mrs. R. A. Frost, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged C5 years. ,
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at H:'M a. in., from her late resi-
dence. 2419 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, Alabama «reet, near Twen-
ty-fourth, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the rei>osrc of her soul.
Interment Koly Crow Cemetery.
McDERMOTT— In this city. December 17.
l!»04. Annie F. McDermott. beloved sister
of Mrs. M. Morrlsry.
ICThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at S:4"» a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 724. Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
■will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,-
commencing at !» o'clock a m. Interment
Holy CYofs Cemetery.
MEFSINGER— In this city. December 17, 1004,
John P. Messingcr, a native of New York,
a;ed -13 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at !i a. in., from the Chapel of
the 1 _:^ion attached to St. Mary's Hospital,
corner of Firtt and Bryant strci'tE, where a
requiem hijjh mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 7 a.,
m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MUTER— In this city, December 16. l»04,
John C. Meyer, a native of Hamburg, Ger-
many.
O'Frlend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 p. m., from Eagles' Hall,
731 Market street, where services will be held
under the auspices of Golden "Jate Aerie No.
61, F. O. E. Interment Odd Fellows* Ceme-
tery. Remains ot the parlors of the Henry
. J. Gallagher Undertaking Company. "0 Fifth
: street.
I O'DONNELL— In Hollister, December 16. 1804,
Thomas O'Donnell, husband of Sarah O'Don-
nell, and father of Joseph M., P. E., Mary,
Frank, Frederick and Loretta O'Donnell, a
native of Ireland, aged 06 years.
(ETFuneral at Hollister, Sunday, Decem-
ber IS. at 10-30 a. m.
ORTEGA— In this city, December id. 1904,
Antonio M., beloved husband of Catherine
Ortega, and son of M_ry and the late Jose
A. Ortega, and brother of Domingo, Manuel.
Nash and Vina Ortega, a native of Santa
Barbara, aged ."S years. A member of the
Barberb' Protective Association and Court
Golden (Jate No. 0, F. of A. (Texas papers
please copy.)
E_* Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 18, at 1 :45 p. m.. from his late
residence, JJ27B Howard street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
N. B. — To the officers and members/ of
Court Golden Gate No. 0. F. of A. : You
are respectfully requested to attend the
funeral of our late brother, Antonio M.
Ortega, from his late residence, 027B Howard
street, Sunday, December 18 at 1 :45 p. m.
By order 'Of J. CALMAN. Secretary.
RAE — In Phoenix. Ariz., December 15. 1904,
Joseph, dearly beloved son of Robert and
Margery Rae. and beloved brother'of Mrs.
F. Thain, Mrs. J. C. Besley. Mrs. F_ E.
AVare and Robert and Alexander Rae, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 24 years.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SAXTORPH— In Oakland, Cal.. December 10.
1904, Henry, beloved husband of Ludavica
Saxtorph, and father of Mrs. Augustus Ab-
bott, _ native of Copenhagen, Denmark, aged
UJ years 9 months and '! days.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2 a m., at his late resi-
dence. 14til Eighth avekjue. East Oakland.
Cremation private.
SEEGER— At the Fish Ranch Contra Costa
County Cal.. December 16. 1904, Maria, be-
loved wife of Max Seeger. and mother ot
Edna, Irma and Rudolf Seeger. a native of
Germany, aged 41 years 2 months and 26
days.
BLATTER Y — In this city, December 15 1904
Michael F., beloved husband of Fiorence I
Slattery, son of the late Dennis and Johanna
Slattery. and father of Gertrude, Bessie
Tessie, Roy, Mildred and May Slattery and
brother of Thomas F. Slattery and Mra
Henry Gleeson, a native- of Massachusetts'
a?ed 46 years. .
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clocjc. from his late resi-
dence. 3.si£ Twenty-eighth street, thence to
St. Paul's Church for services, commencing
at 12:*;o p. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
STINE— In Indianapolis, Ind.. December 7
l!Wi4. Dr. David Lesley Stine, beloved hus-
band of Stella Keyes Stine, aged 30 years.
WILLIAMS— At her residence, 146 Silver
street, in this city, December 15, 1904,
Caroline, beloved wife of John Francis Wil-
liams, and mother of John F., George A.,
William Henry. Edmond N., William C. R ,
Percy E-, Frederick A. and Harold M. Wil-
liams and Mrs. James Watson, a native of
Melbourne. Australia, aged 47 years and 3
days.
B_ r 'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral Sunday,
December 18, at 1:30 p. m., from the
Mlzpah Presbyterian Church. Harrison
street, near Fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
"WOLTERS— In this city, December 16 1004
John Blsmark, dearly beloved husband of
Millie Wolters, father of Emma L. Woltere
*on of John D. and Kate Wolters and
brother of Emma Wolters, a native of Cal-
ifornia, aged 29 years 8 months and 27 days
t-Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 p. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 2702 Twenty-first street. Interment
. Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
CARD OF THANKS.
The Borrowing children of the late Fm«t
Lillenthal herewith desire to thank the
many kind friends and acquaintances who
gave so many, evidences of their heartfelt
and comforting; sympathy and beautiful flora-
offerings during the sad hours of their be*
reavement of a loving father.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flancagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mar
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School *
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
• Funeral Directors and Embalmen
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 806 MISSION. Tel. South 107.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth •_
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rate*.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
S33U-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth.'
ban Francisco.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly W4th McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy st. Tel. East 8B.
I _____
■ POPE LEO ? S VALET DEAD.
Death Ends Labors of Late Pontiff's
Attendant.
ROME, Dec. 17. — Pio Contral, the
faithful attendant of the late Pope
Leo, died to-day of appoplexy. Con-
tral, who was one of the most pictu-
resque figures of the late Pontificate,
lived entirely for Pope Leo, sleeping
practically in the same room and en-
1 joying the entire confidence of the
! late Pope. \
Do you want a certain cure, painless, safe, and with-
out loss of time? Would you prefer not to pay until
1 cured, so as to, be certain ? We have the cure, and
you need not pay until any physician you mav choose
pronounces you cured*
IT COSTS NOTFUNG to come and see us abodt it. We
may save your life, and are sure to save you years of
suffering.
FideKty Rupture Cure
1344 Market St., San Francisco.
/ J»E$rY Ever y woman admires a strong man. t_ very man admires a
<fev /^^^^k. strong weman. Health, strength and happiness! They
f^^^^^^^^. are the J°y of Hvins. If you are a weak man or a weak
( W^^^^^^^^0 woman I can ?dve them to you.
- 1 i1|t ' WILL PAY
v liftM $1,000 FORFEIT
V \^ v| ~ For a case of Nervous Debility, Varkocele, "Rheumatism^ Lame Back," Lumbago. Sciatica, anyesae of
A. \ \_ Kidnfy Disease (that has not gone as far as Bright's Disease), Indigestion, Constipation, Female
/S|K. , V^** \^! We'ak_ess, or any weakness of man or woman, which I cannot cure with my new improved Electric
£oS|V \Vo"] Belt, the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced.
_^lisiy_ v vvvi vc me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry, from any cause which has
/*\sv«is R T * sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice for three months and I will make him as vigorous in
r $ « 'Vl ' V I every respect as any man of his age.
' M $ » 08 t vV \i I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never intended by nature to be
f $ » _« //_$• Wwf strong and vigorous. Even that man I can make better than he is; but the man who has been
M § W><WV^ vwl strong and has lost his strength I can make as good as he ever was.
_f " nS v tSiSw v^ Wj * can ve a 9^ . to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature. I can stojv all
* jy S' \ wiSf drains upon his vitality in ten days.
•« 'vfc wjk w 'nnnwSi nian who •* S nerv °u s » whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes more tired than
«T vc^ • V* ww v\ vkKmi when he went to bed, who is easily discouraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has
i_S* \§i \S\\N anKm lost ambition and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr. Mc-
M H H <§* m Yell Laughlin Electric Belt supplies.
/» \\v v*\V Ywl * can take any woman who is nervous, sleepless, who has bearing-down pams, periodical dis-
/ 1 \SK v A\\ Vvvl tress, dizzy and fainting spells, loss of appetite _nd a generally haggard and old feeling and make
/ / < \v& wl her feel likc a girl . again-
1 / ( V \v \y V\Xm Mrs - s - c - Babcock; Bruceville, Cal., sayi : "Tour belt is doing m« a great deal of rood, for X am better t_a_. I __r»
* "■-' ' \N. V 1 Vy0\1 been for years." i
v^ vvm The wtiole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When yon
S>< \ \V^* lose that by draining the system in any manner, my Belt will replace it and cure you.
Mr. Harry U. Jackson, Valleton, Cal., write*: "Although you are a stranger to me, my heart warms toward you as a great benefactor and friend, and I cm mat* t_aa
grateful to you. Already I f«el the vigor of new life in my body; no aches and no pains. I wish you every success in your work."
Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon hight to the man who has become discouraged from
useless doctoring. I get such letters every day.
My Belt has & wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy.
Louise King. Commercial Hotel, San Francisco, says: "I take pleasure in. dropping you a few lints to let you know how greatly improved I am sines I got your Belt. Mjr
headaches have left me and I am galnln_ in weight. I feel like a different woman, and ajn very grateful to you for all ths good your Belt has done me."
I make tlie best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. ]^Iy cures after
everything else has failed are my best arguments.
.. Mr. Roy Burk. McKlttrick. Cal., writes: "Krom the first night I wore the belt I felt new Ufa in every part of my body. Tbe weakness was checked immediately, and I _m
now able to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I thought of the belt, for in no other way could the money bring me so much pleasure."
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest or side, Sciatica in
his hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism', or any ache or pain, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain.
No pain can exist where my Belt is worn.
Mr. J. L. Baird of Orland, Cal., writes: . "My back is entirely well, and I would not take 11GO for my belt if I could not get another. It U the best thing on earth for a
lame back." . . '
And these "old" men, these men who have burned the candle at both ends — or evep if they haven't — these men who for one reason or another
feel that life has lost its'spice, that they arc getting old too fast, I can make them feel the sparkle and fire of youth again. . \
I'll never forget when Mr. A. Crawford of Pokegama, Oregon, an old man of seventy, wrote to me and said: "When I wrote to you last I
told you to send me a Belt to make an old man young, and you did. I am s-venty years old, and since I have worn the Belt I feel as strong as I
did at thirty-five, and can do as good a day's work as I could at that age." It was two years ago that Mr. Crawford wrote me that letter. Here is
one I just got from him: 4
"In reply to your letter I am glad to say that I am Just as much in favor of your Belt as I ever was. for it has been a remarkable help to me. I am seventy-two years old b-j«
I do not look any more than fifty. Am enjoying perfect health, and will continue to recommend the Belt, as I have been doing right along, as I realize tha: but for it I should have
been dead and buried by this time."
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
Men and women who had tried their home doctors and every known medicine have come to me and been cured.
•v _ „& T * u Ta ? e 7, hl> I 21 Hal * ht gt - San Francisco. Ca!., says: "No words can express my feeling of gratitude to you. When I received your marvelous Belt I was in a very
bad condition physically. I was nervous, -weak, digestion was poor. I couldn't sleep but two or three hours in the night, my mental power was weak thon_h I had be?n nauiral'v
very strong, and all these symptoms were the result of a sexual weakness. Now I am well, and I am glad to have this opportunity to recommend the Br!t to those who suffer from
zuch troubles as mine, for they will be restored to perfect health by_your Belt." . I
Now. what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be. can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is there a rem-
edy which Is as simple, as easy to use. as sure to cure and as cheap as Dr. JklcLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must try it. In justice to
yourself, and to those who look to you for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not be delayed.
Its as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle glowing heat from it constantly, but no sting, no
burning, as in old-style, belts.
Come and see me- if you can. I have a private consulting room in which I will explain my method of treatment, and, perhaps, give you the names of
some of your friends whom I have cured. „
Send for my beautiful book, full of things a man likes to read if he wants to be a strong man. I send It. sealed, free. If you are a weak woman send
lor my book. Maiden, Wife and Mother," which shows the road to health and happiness for weak woman. Cut out and send this ad.
Dr. M. C. McLaughJin, 906 Market _a.,s__SS!£.
Office Hours: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia Street. _.os Anreles. 131 South Sprinsr St.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 38.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
17,600 barrels. Exports, 7500 barrels. Quieter;
not quotably lower. Minnesota patents, $5 95@
6 10; Minnesota bakers'. $4 4(k'J4 75; winter
parents. $5 50@5 85; winter straights. (5 25®
5 40; winter extras. $3 65@4 30; winter low
grades, $3 45@4 10.
WHEAT— Receipts. 15,000 bushels. Spot,
easy; No.' 2 red, nominal elevator and (116%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, fl 22V4
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal
f. o. b. afloat. A sharp break occurred In
wheat to-day, resulting from liberal Northwest
receipts, poor cables, weak outside' markets
and good snows in the West. The - market
closed %@-J-i,c net lower. May, $1 12 ~&; July,
?1 02%; December, $1 12 „.
HOPS — Quiet. State common to choice, 1904
crop 2!»ca37c: 1903, 30@33c; olds, 14c; Pacific
Coast. 1904 crop, 29t_3Uc; 190J crop, 30@33c;
olds, 14@17c.
HIDES— Quiet. Galveston. 18c; California,
21 to 25 pounds 19c; Texas dry. 24%c.
WOOL— Firm. Domestic fleece. 32@«5c.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFE13 — Important support was still evi
dent in the market for coffee futures, which
closed firm at a net gain of 5@10 points. Sales
were reported o f 138,0<J0 bags, including: Janu
ary. 7.35@7.45c; March. 7.(J5@7.75c; May, 7.95®
8c; July, 8.05<38.15c; September, 8.25@8.35c;
October, 8.35c; November. 8.4Cc. Spot Rio,
steady; No. 7 invoice. 8-!4c; mild, firm; Cor
dova. 10@13c.
SUGAK — Raw, firm; fair refining. 4%c; -cen
trifugal. 90 test, 4%c; molasses sugar. 4^c;
refined, firm; No. 6. 5.05c: No. 7, 5c; No. 8.
4.00c: No. !t, 4.S5c; No. 10. 4.80c; No. 11. 4.7Oc;
No. 12. 4.65c; No. 13 4.55c; No. 14. 4.50c; con.
lectioners' A. 5.50c; mold A, «o: cut loaf, <;.:*5.-;
crushed. 0,35c; powdered, 5.75c; granulated,
5.C5c; cube3, 5.70c.
BUTTER — Weak. Street prices: Extra
creamery. aott^U'/jc. Official prices: Cream
ery, common to extra, 12iftlCc; held, commen
to extra. 10024c; State daily • common to ex
tra. 15@21c.
CHEESE — Unchanged. ■
EGGS— Weak. Weatern firsts, 3l!§32c; West
ern average best. 29<?i30c.
DRIED FRUITS:
- EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet. Common are quoted at 3y>W4%c;
prime, 4%_4%c; choice, 5t_5«/.g; fancy, C@
0»^c.
PRUNES— Show no change cither as to gen
eral condition or In point of quotations,- which
rango from 2c to 0c for California grades, with
Orfgon varieties ranging up to 074c for the
large sizes.
PEACHES— Quiet, with choice at 9%c; ex
tra choice, 10'-4®llc: fancy • 11 '/.<ftl2c. •
APRICOTS— Are firm on smill offerings.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Choice. 10c; extra choice. 10'A@llc; fancy,
ll(@15c.
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s. reg. ..104i,!_ _ N unified 49..103&
Do coupon 104->s|Man con gold 4s..lW->4
Do Cs. reg lO4»4|Mexican Cen 4s.. 7tt
Do coupon 104»,ii Do 1st lnc 23»/£
Do new 4s, reg. 130»i| Minn _ St L 4s..:9tf'/t
Do coupon 131 j Mo. Kan _ T -t.UOOVi
Do old 4s. reg. 103*41 Do 2ds 1 85%
Do coupon l0G-% N'tl R Mex con 4s. Sl'/i
Atchlson gen 4s.lO2%|X Y Cen gen a'is.lOlH
Do adj 4a 04% \S J Cen gen 6s.. 136
Atlantic C L 4s.. 99!i|Northern Pac -i.s. .K'5<4
Bait _ Ohio 4s...lO3i>,| Do 3fe 7ZVi
Do '2_s........ 96% K _ W con 4s ICOTi
Central of Ga 5s. Ill OSL 4s and partic.lO3?i
Do 1st lnc 91 1 ,4|Penn conv 3ii«-.102%
Clics & Ohio 4iAs.lO"Kj|Readlng gen 4a.. 102%
Chi & Alton 3>:..s. 82 StL & IM con 5.i..lH'i-i
C. B & Q new 4s.lC0UlStL & SF fg 43.. S9V 4
C,M_St P gen 4s.llO%!St L S W lsts... 97%
C & N W con 7s.l29 (Seaboard A L -Is.. S5
C.R I &P RR 4s. 81 I Southern Pac 4s.. 93%
Do col 5s 83%|Southern Ry «">*.. U!)<i
CCC & SL gen 4s.l01»/ R | Texas _ Pac lsts-.ll!>',,
Chicago Term 4s. 84 IT. St L & W 4s.. 8:{
Con Tobacco 4s.. 77^ Union Pacific 4s..lG6-%
Colo & South 4s.. 90 I Do conv 4s 110-J4
CP_Iconta..M.US Steel _d 5s.. D2V4
Den & Rio G 4s. .102tt!Wabash lets 117^4
Erie prior lien is. 101 Vjj Do deb Bs €8
Do gen 4a 91% Wheel & L E 4a. 93>4
Ft W & D C lsts.107% Wisconsin Cen 4s. 92J4
Hocking Val 4 \ is. Ill
New York*' Mining* Stocks.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief C3
Alice COOntario 3 50
Breece 16 Ophir 3 20
Brunswick Con.... 12 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 08Potosi ; 14
Con Cal & Va 1 60!Savage 22
Horn Silver 1 55' Sierra Nevada ' 42
Iron Silver..... ...1 90|SmaIl Hopes 26
Leadville Con C2; Standard 1 CO
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— tU S Steel 29%
Call loans Sl2®4%| Do pfd 92%
Time loans... .4 @5 . I West' house Com.. UO
Bonds — ( Mining —
Atchlson adj 4s.. 9.1"-! I Adventure ........ 5?J
Do-4a lOUilAUci'ez 13
Mexican Con 4s.. 75 .Amalgamate. .... 6H%
Railroads — I American Zinc... 12' 3
Atchison S4Ts Atlantic 16li
Do pfd 103 |j?|ngham 34%
Boston & Albany. 232 ICalumet & Hecla.015
Boston &Malne..l"5 (Centennial ... 25'^
" Fitchburg pfd l-Wi'Copper Range B«»4
Mexican Cen 21>,i!Daly West 12
N Y. N H & H..lJ»7%;Domln!on Coal 66
Pere Marquette.. 79 iFranklln 11
Union Pacific... .109% Granby 5 l-l«
Miscellaneous — lisle Royale.. 2Vi
Am»Arge Chem.. _l%|Maas Mining 8%
Do -pfd.... 80 I Michigan 9
Am Pneu Tube... 5^!Mohawk -50^5
Amer Sugar 14n-Ji:Mont Coal _ Coke.' 4%
Do pfd ..138 |Old Dominion 25%
Am Tel & .Tel...l45tt:Osceola 92^
Amer Woolen 21 J Parrot* 96%
Do pfd 92%|Quincy 105
Dominion I'& S.. 18% Shannon ■.:; 6*4
Ed Elec Ilium... 252 Tamarack 118
Mass Electric 14 Trinity 10%
Do pfd '60 ITT S Mining 24^
Mass «as. ....... 37%!Utah... 42V t
United Fruit 105m Victoria *\' A
United Shoe Maeh oKi^jWinona 12'A
Do pfd 31 (Wolverine 103
. London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 88% I New. York Cen 142%
Con* for account.* 88% (Norfolk & West. S0%
Anaconda - 5?»| Do pfd »5 •
Atchlson ........ 87Ti!Ontario & West. 43%
j Do pfd. .103 \i, I Pennsylvania .... 76
Canadian Paciflc. 134% | Rand Mines. 11H
Chea & Ohio: 49'/4 Reading ......... 40%
Chi Great West . . 23 ",; I Do 1st pfd 45U
C. M & St P.I. .174 | Do 2d pfd.....>41%
De Beers. . ..... . . 18 "Southern Ry. ..... 3«
Den & Rio G....; Sl%| Do pfd.......... tiSV,
Do pfd......... 90 | Southern Pacific. «4*K
Erie .*wm Union Pacific 113%
Do 1st pfd..... 77 I Do pfd 97V,
IDo 2d nfd... ...."■.■'% iU S Steel R0H
Illinois Central... ISSC, Do pfd..' B4ii
Louis & Na.«h....l4.'tViiW-:bajn T2K
Mo; Kan & Tex. 32 I : Do pfd. .. :. . 45"
, Bar silver— Steady 28 1-lttd per ounce.
- Money — 2tf?2W per" cent.
- The rate of discount in the open market for
ehort bills is 2% per- cent and . for three
months' bills 2%-per cent.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
► PORTLAND. Dec. 17.— WHEAT— For ex
port, -Walla ' Walla. 81c: blue stem. S5c. East,
Walla Walla, 83(&85c: blue stem, SOc.
' '.WASHINGTON.
' TACOMA. Dec. 17.— WH12AT— Blue stem,
,88c;\club. Me. .* _' - ' -" ■ . _.- / _
ADA'EKTISEMEVTS.
REMARKABLE SPREAD
OP REY'IVAL.S IN" WAUES
Churches Are Overcrowded and Peo
ple Gather in Streets and
3lu>ic Halls.
LONDON, Dec. 17.— There has been
a remarkable spread in the religious
revivals which were started at Boul
ton, Lancashire, on September 6_ of
this year 'by Rev. Reuben A. Tofrey
and Captain Charles Alexander, both
of whom are from Chicago. At the
first the movement was considered to
be only one of the periodical outbursts
which happen throughout England
and Scotland, but the proportions it
now has assumed attracts general at
tention.
Wales, which is largely non-con
formist, is ringing with revivals and
the churches are overcrowded on week
days and on Sundays. Some of the
places of worship will not accommo-
i 1 n t^ (a o t^ t\
■• 1111 CTT \_1 CjL I 1 U
mounted with the best brass trim-
mings, good value v at $8.00.
_£6 50 or this splendid sole leather suit case;
<pvr.<-*vr i e^ther lined, best brass trimmings,
extra heavy rivets and cornerpieces and strong
A r smith nn ||6 ellis st.,
ni fell y»» ■ II UUl) NEAR POWELL
date those who wish to attend and
people gather in halls and in the open
streets. All classes are affected. No
such movement has been known in
Wales during the past half century,
but the leaders of the revivals, noting
this fact, point out that similar re
ligious demonstrations have occurred
at regular intervals of fifty years and
cite as instances the years 1750, 1800
and 1850. '""*
Christmas Pictures.
Our new pictures have the little effects
that the lover of artistic things desire*.
We have just received large shipments
of the most beautiful pictures. TTi»
prices? illustrate the fact that good taste
can do as much as an abund_nc© of
money in making: the home beautiful
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
W ANTS TAXES RETUHNED.— W_ltt!*r
Coburn has petitioned th« Supervisors for the
return of $736 81 taxes alleged to hav« been
illesally collected by the city on bond Interest
and redemption fund.
ADVERTISEMENTS.LETOLA DEFEATS MILITARY MAN FOR THE CROCKER SELLING STAKES
ASCOT A MECCA
FOR LONGSHOTS
Hour More Horses Eoll In
fat Fancy Prices While
4 the Favorites Arc Shy
BKAflG HAS THE SPEED
Talent Plays Flo Bob and
Hans Wagner to Beat Him.,
but He Leads to Finish
LOS A.NGELJ23, Dec. 17.— The book
makers had a lively day at Ascot, and
as a consequence cf the success of four
outsiders cleaned up a neat sum. Two
favorites— Capitanszo In the second and
fichoharie in the sixth— were the only
public choices that won. James J. Cor
bett at S, Emperor cf India at 5, Bragg
at 4 and Heather Honey at 10 to 1 were
the others that finished first.
The fourth, a free handicap, at a mile
and a sixteenth, was the feature of the
card. Flo Bob was played heavily and
backed Into favoritism, with Hans
Wagner, Bragg and Elie liked In the
order named. Bragg ran kindly to-day,
roing to the front and never leaving
the result in doubt. Elie had no trouble
beating Flo Bob for the place. Capitan
nzo proved to be a very speedy Bprinter
by winning the second race from Fire
ball in ea5y fashion. There was the
largest Saturday crowd of the. season
present to-day.
"Weather cJear, track fast. Summary:
First race, selling, six furlongs—
•James J. Corbett, 109 (E. Walsh), 9 to
i. won; Ei Verracn, no (Truebcl), C to
1, second; Golden Ivy, 105 (Pov.'ell). 20
to 1, third. Time, 1:16. Punctilio, Tlzcn,
Foxy Grandpa. Lady Rice, Neerrusca,
Victoria S, Conceit, Trovator. Prince
mont. Enjoyment and Alma Toolin also
ran.
Second race, five and a half furlongs
— Capitanazo, 103 (Hildeband), 3 to 5,
xvon: Fireball. 105 (Dugan), 3 to 1. sec
ond; West Broekfield, 100 (Lynch), 8 to
1, third. Time. l:0S. Maggie Mackey
and Loslola also ran.
Third race, selling. Slauson course —
Emperor of India. 108 (Tooman), 9 to 2,
wen: Happy Chappy, 100 (Lawrence),
1-- to l, second; Dan Collins, 107 (E.
Walsh). 5 to l/third. Time. 1:10%. H.
L. Frank, Elfin King and Bath Beach
also ran.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth
— JJrajjg. 507 (E. Walsh). 7 to 2, won;
Elie, 102 (Millar), 5U to I, second; Flo
Bbb, 107 aiildebrand), 6 to 5. third.
Tiint;, 1:4$.- Hans Wagner also ran.
Fifth race, selling. Brooks course —
li> at her Honey, OS (McDaniel), 10 to 1,
won: Bluerldce. 103 (E. Walsh), 9 to 1,
Fcr-nd: Menian, 102 (Lawrence). 7 to;
iy third- Time. 2:05. Invictus, Ulloa,
-William F II. Needful, Cincinnatus and
lgrnacio also ran.
Fixth rac?. selling. Slauson couree —
Srhoharie. 108 (Hildebrand). 6 to 5,
won; Alamansor, 103 (Truebel), ,15 to 1,
pecond; Estaflo. 105 (McComas), 30 to 1,
•third. Time, 1:11*£? Skirmish. Rose of
Hilo. Ericula*. Edinborough, Tangible,
Sir Christopher, Winifreda and Nanon
fliso i€»n.
New Orleans Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 17. — Results:
* First race, six furlongs — Telescope
wen, Van Ness second, Mayor Johnson
third. Time. 1:18.
Second race, seven furlongs—Mata
tfor won, Queen Rose second, Kiltie
th'rd. Time. 1:25%.
Third rac<», five furlongs — Trossachs
Tyon, Totncss second. Belle of Port
land-third. Time, 1:05.
Fourth race. Crescent City handicap,
one and a quarter miles — Lurallghter
ivon. Garnish second, Aladdin third.
T'me. 2:16.
" Fifth race, fiv< furlongs — Viperine
von. Avoca Faire second. Green Gown
tf]Ird. Time. 1:06.
.Sixth race, one and an eighth miles
— Aurumaster won. Autolight second.
Little Boy third. Time. 2:03.
Some men get so ukcC to looking for
work that a mere needle In the hay
etack would be a cinch.
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
; /P^ The Vacuum Cap
' (l [^^'r ; -3 Core* Baldneis and Fall-
' B3SJr*3f iil * r Hair toy creating 1 a
• V l-it^i perfect circulation In the
V Vn& Ji* scalp. Call or writ* ' tor
\ Sfito^jsk fre « literature. .
AXX?*^^ VACXTtTM AFPIiIAHCB -
V S.\ CO^. .
■\ e OTarreU St.
% ;
WEAK MEN CURED
s —^ • • We have "ft safe.
-i^.ootcvfruJ A*?5^V SIMPLE HOU1?
..1^9 /y cure and ' want
*« every WEAK . or
'i\S I — v-.YZS+JZT ™ U NDEVELOPEU
'?3| '• J «w *** L ,p5l et P man to try it for
'■a-' 'i\ '£r Jr t >? Jo da >'* on * p *
<ii ■ y v«\3«!^/ tf=) Jn proval' without
iBSi! v -s&£r3L. -^2o charge.' Call oa
•'K ■ &**^f?^tif*O u * or ' frtte- for
rSl •£*<r.- «. S* > > t(ur new v«ry In"
J* ON THE ' S£,« Z uruetjve 100-pai?e
iia-r.U ' i« »j!1 ntsort the fire and VIOOIl
cf YO"TH. Tb« t r.'.y nctitlvy means known
" l^HpLmtCT" W~tTHf;»iI~N!t!DtCATiOW^^ s^ t S
v.-J:'.ch «!!t fulijr es'.xrse and comtiietrly de-
vt5ti^ the or&t<.:*. Ub«>d with our Soluble Cray- ;
quir-WSy currs all drain* and dlscbarxes.
V*ricoce"e. atriclurr, Prrmature V>ecay, Ea-
ia*Tenw»r.t of I'ro«t*te Ulk.n.1. etc "Our phy-
t.t ..::* a-<. exjxrienofd tx^c.laMnis (or MEN
cnly. We have th« rriott Kue.#*Kful home cure
li lh- world. CAUL .or "VVIHTE TO-DAI.
» I'ook .«cr.t SECUHELY FOALED Ire*. Hours—
9 to 3. Sundays— 10 to L
Vacmira Appliance Co., 'JZzSS..
Author Cf "HAKD'S SYSTEM OP HAS-
•DXCAPyHTG AND TUB? SPECTIiA.
. Suite 3» 4 and C Grey i tone SoteL
J66 Geary Street, San Francisco :
Ttione James 2561.
r«rm« S3.00 dally: 816 weekly or £50
monthly. ;
, acTereaees— AnyVrepuUble racing man
LETOLA A STAKE WINNER
lakes the Grocker
Selling Stake in f
a Drive.
FILLY STAGGERS IN
Military Man Runs
Close Second, a
Nose Behind.
BY . FRED E. MUUIOLLAXD.
Before a large half holiday throng
and in a spectacular sort of a rough
and ready finish, one that sent the
cold shivers creeping over the back
ers of the Jennings stable and caused
the teeth to chatter and rattle" like
dice in a pox, Letola earned a nose
decision yesterday at Oakland over
Military Man for the rich Crocker
selling stake, worth $2530 to the win
ner.
Letola carried ninety-three pounds
and was ridden by Frank Sullivan,
while Helgesen pHotod Garnet Fergu
son's colt. The start was not one of
Dick Dwyer's happiest efforts, San
Nicholas getting caught In the bar
rier and being left altogether, but
there can be no doubt that the best
horse won. The winner had ill luck
at the start, too, and besides was
bumped by Byronerdale.
Betting on the race was fast and
furious on the nine starters, the Jen
nings pair, Gold Money and Letola,
ruling favorites at S to 5. Ananias
and Military Man were the next most
fancied, with the long range shooters
plunging away at San Nicholas, El
liott and Romaine.
AXANTAS IX FRONT.
The start was made in front of the
stand and when Dick Dwyer ..released
the barrier Sam Greenfleld, on Anan
ias, was flrst to show clear of the
field. For a quarter of a mile Bull
man had Romaine up second, trailed
by Military Man and Letola. Passing
the half mile pole Sullivan, astride
Letola, made a determined move,
passing Ananias and compelling the
latter to take the poorest going on
the rail. Letola hit the stretch with
a commanding lead and things looked
rosy for the filly until Helgesen
crowded on all sail with Military
Man. He drew up alongside the filly
and the last few yards the .pair In
dulged in a bumping match,. Letola
staggered in first by the narrowest
of margins in 1:40%. Had Greenfleld
taken advantage of the start and wait
ed for nothing the Schorr colt might
have won. He rode to instructions
and finished third. Away badly, El
liott finished fourth. Gold Money ran
a wretched race, displaying no speed
whatever.
Believers in curious figures and
hoodooes did not have a ghost of a
chance of beating the card, as Flying
Torpedo and Head Dance, two of the
winners, were quoted at 13 to 1. Three
favorites attached themselves to
purses. The betting ring presented an
animated appearance, being a veri
table mass of people. The layers
could handle as much money as they
cared to reach out for. '
HONITOX A WINNER.
Honiton, the brown daughter of the
dead Ormonde, captured the six-fur
long handicap from a shifty field,
carrying 116 pounds. It was no pick
up at that, for the mare, after racing
Iridius into subjection, was brought
to a hard drive at the finish, only
beating the two-year-old Squire John
son a neck, the time being 1:13. The
winner" opened an even money chance
in the ring, but Iridius received such
consistent support that - her odds
lengthened to 8 to 5. Iridius weak
ened in the run home, taking show
honors.
A mile and fifty yard selling event,
which opened the afternoon's sport,
went to Scotsman, the 17 to' 10 fa
vorite. Sam Greenfield had the leg up
and it was due to his good work that
the first choice succeeded In beating
Mocorito, less than a length. Fille
d'Or, pounds the best, wa3- brought
from the backwoods by Sullivan, run
ning a close third.
Charley Henshall's two-year-old came
near accomplishing the task set before
him in the five and a half furlong
scramble, for>Il ages. .The Albert colt
Hvas installed , favorite over Mansard,
Tocolaw,: Mlsty's Pride and. that sort,
and s ran ; 'unplaced. \MaVisard, with
Helgesen on his back and 4 to' 1, over
hauled Misty's Pride in- the. stretch, de
feating the Oregon bred mare easily in :
the fast: time o f l:06%\ Davis •finished
third with Tocolaw. ' ."; ". ;. _ .'.[
FLYING TORPEDO SCORES. i
It looked as if everybody on the race
track had Little Wallx "doped" to win
the mile an<^ ■-three-sixteenths/ selling
fixture, and -at scant, odda. the,Brink
worth entry was. qjunged on. OldlFly
•ing Torpedo;had one of his good spells,
and romping out in^ front all' the way
passed the Judges a .neck" before jG. W. ;
Trahern, little Barrett almost tossing'
the race away. The favorite ran third,
beaten two lengths.
At. the distance, seven furlongs.Hool-
Igan looked by far the best of the start
ers in the closing event, for. two-year
olds. He. had first. call In the betting,
but Lloyd Fountain broke it up so bad-,
1>- there was never a chance for his
backers. In a hard drive Kunz on. Head
'Dance downed Sea Air half a length;
The" wlnnW ran practically unbacked. 1
Ara fan Into the «how.
TRACIC NOTES.
i Thomas H. Williams, president, and
Adani "Anflrewrvice president of the
New California Jockey Club, returned
yesterday mbrning.from Los Angeles.
They- report the sport; t^ere in a flour-
Ishins condition. *' * - ,.'. Ei^BHPBBQfl
A. Josephs is now the owner of Pha
lanx, hort'inV purchased the colt from
J. J. Moore.
"Hi* Bill" Knapp was the
cf a liandsome gold s"plit : sec6nd watch
yesterday, given to the little Jockey,
by Tom Parker, one of the owners :of
Fossil. Mrs. Parker made,, the ■-- pre
fientation speech. ' Knapp landed the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, DECEMBER IS, 1904.
SAX F1UNCISCO CALL'S RACING FOEM GH^ET.
..OAKLAND — Saturday, Dec. 17. Weather fine. Track ffood.» •
— — — — — _ ■ —^— ' f /:
■ 7r,St. FIRST RACE— Mllo and 50 yards, telling; thrt-yeir-filda and up;, value to first, $325.
UKSexj Horse and Owner. JWt'St. %V^4- %. Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. CJ.
7E34 ;Sootsinan, 4 (Brinkwcrth) 106 32 nXn 11 1 n 1 % IGreenfield . ' 2 1T-10
I6T8 SMocorlto, x. (3. Ryan) IOC 2-ll'i2 1K2 4 3 4 2% |McBride .. 4 A *
,-iW iFille U'Or, a (Appleton & Co.) 1W 7 8 - »!S»2h.3I!4 F. Sullivan. , 3 ■ * 4 -.
««.« IKumap, 0 (M. Stcphenaon). . 101 ' 8 « 2 5 »i 5 2V65 3 4 6 Travers ... «0 10
74«2 jObcar Tolle. 0 (Klunder & Co.) 109 4 8 2 4 2V.3 }4-4 1&5 3 Vickery'.... 12- IB
(4r.0S);Canonicur, ;\ (M. J. Daly).... 10T 6 7n»7%""3 8 0 8. W. -Daly... 8 12
T.'.fS ICiilckndee, 5 (F. Whitman)... 1C61 1 4 h 9 8 ' 6 5 T »J Russell .... 12 30
7571 jTrnpsetter, 3JL..H. Ezell) lOO] 6' 3 f l"3 l^tf h; 7 X 8 . Barrett ... 10 30
Time— :'2iy.. :i9>i. 1:15, 1:42V4 l:45ij. --At -post 14 minute. . Off at 2:11%. Scotsman, place.
"•JO: show, I-a. Mocorlto, place, 3-2: show. 7-10. FUle, ehow 7-10. Winner, br. b., by
Et. Andrew-No Name II. Trained by F. W.-Dosa. Scratched— Iaabellita, Vlgoroso. Start -
Bdort. Won easily. Balance driving.- Scotsman received thej strongest and best Judged
ride. Mocorito no excuses. Fille d'OiWjMimuch the best, ' and - with a vigorous ■ rider
uj> could have won easily. Homage did fairly. -well.*- Canonlcus no speed.
75S2. 6ECOXD RACE— Five and a half furlones; purse; "all' ages; value to first. $325. ..
Indexl Horse and Owner. |Wt!St. M". %. %; -Str," Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
<7031)iMan«>ard. 4 (Keene & Co.) 109 2 ... 3 % 2 % 2 1^1 U& Helgeeen .. 4 4
(7S30) Misty's Pride. 4 (S. J. Jones). 109 1 ...1^111 n , V 2 1% J. Jones... 7-2 3
7542 Tocolaw. 3 <\V. B. Jennings). 1U7 5 ... 5 2>45 B 4 2 3 4 W. Davis.. 10 12 >
7541 [Smithy Kane, 2 (Hall & Cx>.), 80 3 ... 2232 31 4~% W. Knapp. 10 9
(7io6) Pelham. 2 <C. T. Henshall).. 94 4 ... 4^4452 D 2!4 Kunz 7-58-5
7.">02 Instructor, 3 (Needmore Stbl.) 1C»9 6 ... Cf» 64 64 0 4, Sherwood . - 10O 100
7542 The Cure. 3 (Brlnkworth Co.) 107 9;... 75 75 75 74 Larseir. .'... 50 150
0810 Royal White, 4 (F. Lowrle). 109 7 ... 9 4 9 2 8 3 8 2& Bell- . ...V. 200 600
7241 Red Tip, 5 (J. Henderson).. . 112 11 ... 11 10 y, 9 2 9 3 H. Mlchels 50 150 -»|
.Channel. 4 (R. E. BridRette). lio 10 :. ... 10 h 11 10 6 10 8 Alarie • .... 200 500
7S-18 ilntroductor, 8 (T. H. Ryan). 112| 8" ... 8 1^8 2 11 11 Vickery ... SOP 50O
Time — :23> / i. :48>i.. 1:06^.. At post IV, minutes. Oft at 2:37. Mansard; place, 7-5; show.
■ 1-2. Pride, place, 1; show, 2-5. Tocolaw, show. 8-5. Winner, b. g. by FloriBt-Fedalma.
Trained by J. O. Keene. Scratched— Prince Brutus, David Boland. Start good. Won •
easily. Balance driving. Manrard can handle welsrht an4 Is a 'very shifty", iprlnter. •
' Mlsty'a Pride' ran her race. Tocolaw getting better right' along. " Smithy Kane did well. '
Pelham showed no speed any part of It. , Others outclassed. " ' : ' ' J
7.18.X THIRD RACE^ — One and thre^-sixteeri'ths; selling; three-year-olds ana up; flrst. $338.
Index! Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. S\A".\ IL. %. Str. Fin'- j Jockey.;. Op. Cl.
75{i(> I Flying Torpedo, CfUH-Ezell) 06 2 2 l»il 1 12 12 In Barrett .... 12* IS
(7R44)1a. W. THihern, 5 (Sumrs Co) 99 4 4 tC 2 1%2 % 3 2 2 2 Travera ... 5-2 3
75«i« JUttle Wally. 3 (Brlnkworth) 93 5 5 2- SA n 8 1&2.}4 3 5 ■» Greenfield lrS-lO-:
7544 |CoI. Anderson. 5 (T. McLgn) 9(il 3h5%51 54 44 McBrlda .. 15 10
75<.iO iGraftcr, C (Blasihtame Bros) 98 66 0 64163 Crosswalte 8 13-2
7558 ISunny Shore, 4 (J. Dunn).. 99 3 1 2^4 %' 6 g J. Jones... . 20 ' 60 ;..
Time— ':24»i", :51, l:iC|J; 1:42^. 2:00*4. At posf 1% mtnutt-s. Off at 3:01. Torpedo, place. '.
4: show, f.-5. Trahern, place. 13-20; show, 1-3. Wally, out show. Winner, ch. g. by ,,
Hanover-Gypsy. Trained by L». H. Ezell. Start good. Won all driving. Winner can run
when he will try. Little Wally tried. Ttahem ran his race. .Sunny Shore showed ~
Epeed. Colonel Anderson no account at present. \ .
75S4, FOURTH RACE — One mile; Crocker Selling Stakes; 3- year-olds and up; value to flrst
?2o30, second fi0i>, third $200. • -
Index] Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. W. %.' Str. Fin. J Jockey. Op. Cl.
(7.-24)]Letola, 3 (W. B. Jennings)... 93 7 4 »$ 2 3 12 1 2 . 1 ns |F. Sullivan. 3-2 " 8-5
7500 i Military Man. 3 (Ferguson)... 100 2 3 2'^3 V, 3 1V.2 % 2 1 Helgesen'.. 5 15-2
(7.VJ0) Ananias. 3 (J. F. Schorr)...'.. 104 3 11 In 2h3434 Greenfleld . 3 7-2
(75C4) Elliott. 4 (II. J. Daly). 105 -8 "8 7 1*. 6 8 6 10 4 2 V\ r . Daly... 10 15
7548 Gold Money, 4 tJennings) 107 4 6 2 5 8 4 2^4 0 5 « W. Davis...] • •
7560 Romaine. 4 (W. Scharetg) 108 1 2 % 4 % 6 2 6 1 6 8 (Bullman ... 10 12
750« Modicum. 4 (D. S. Fountain).-. 99 5 (V h 8 8 • 8 7 4 L. Fountan 20 40
(7520)!Byronerdale, 4 (J. M. Crane).. 103 6 78 0 1^47 2 73 8. W. Knapp.. 20 30
.7554 |San Nicholas, 5 (H.E. Rowell) U>0 » \ Travers ... 6 8
Time — :25, :49. l:14iA, 1:4OV4. At post 4 minutes. Off 'at 3:33%. Jennings' entry cou- •'
pled, place, 7-10; show, 1-3. Letola, place. 4: show, 2. Man. place, .5-2; s'how, 4-5. Ana- ■
niajs. show. 3-5. Winner ch. f. by Star Ruby-Leucoeia. Trained by- W. B. Jennings. ".
Start bad. Won in a. hard drive of three. Winner bid uu from $800 to $1700 by W. 8. -
Price, but was retained. Winner probably best for she *ot way poorly and was bumped
by Byronerdale. Military Man inclined to eulk. ! Greenfleld made a mistake In not
going on with Ananias instead of waiting. Elliott off very badly. Gold Money no speed.
Romaine outclassed. "Left. /••.•■
70S5. FIFTH RACE — Six 'furlongs; handicap; all ases; value to first, $500.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. H. %. %.,Str. Fin* Jockey. Op. "ch
<7447)iHoniton. 4 (P. •■Ryan) [116 4 ... 1 % 1 h 1 n 1 n J. Jones .. ~ 6-5
75«O |Sq. Johnson 2 (Mrs. Miller) 83 6 ... 3 1U3 2 3 2 2 4 Taylor . . 10 15
7M6 jlridlus. 4 <W. B. Jennings). 100 3 ... 2 «4 2 1«2h 3 UJ W. Davis., i] 3 11-5 '*•
-MO Judge. 3 (J. J. McAlester).. 10.1 2 ... i n 4 1 u 4 4 4 2 H. Michaels 10 15
7M2 Ishtar. 5 (J. Ryan) P8 1 ... 53 5n 5n 5 V, W. Kjiapp . 10 7
753C Albula, 6 (Lamaeney Bros.).. 103 6 ... « 14 t; 4 fi 2 0 4 Minder .... 8 10 -.
7556 Last Knight, 5 (Lamsny Bro.) 96 7 ... 8 4"-72 7 hi 7 h IWatson ..:. • •:.'-
IT. L. Rohesia, 3 (Henshall).. 1C4 9.... » 8 2 84 8 6 iKunz 1 10 - 30
7572 I Sea Voyage. 2 (Mrs. Miller) 87 8 :.. 7 5 0-0 9 |WUey ......| •• ••
Time— :24, :4S, 1:13V4- At post 3 minutes? Off at 4:03. - Honlton. place, .3-5; show Tal ■
Johnson, place. S;.phow. 3. Irldlus.' show, 1.4. Mllfet entry coupled, ' place, 6; show, 5-2. *
Winner br. m. by Ormonde-LlbbertiBibbett. Trained* by P. Ryan. Start good. Won all
driving. Honiton et no stage had anytime to loaf. Squire Johnson a clever colt.
Iridius tired the last eighth. Judge closed some ground in stretch. Ishtac outclassed
•Coupled wjth Albula. "Counted with Squiro Johnson. !
75SK. . SIXTH RACE: — Seven furlongs; purse; two- year'-K>lda; value to first/ $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt|3t. V4. H- %• Str. .'Fin. \ Jockey.. ~Op! CU^
755'J ]Head Danc'e (C T. Henshall) 106 2 2 3 '2!% 2 2 -2 3 1 h ' Kuni"^^^" ~8^ I
7573 iSea Air (T. E. McLaughlin).llO.t| 11112 '12-1 «25 J Jones'" 4 5
(75<:4) Ara (Stevens & Son) 106 4 3 % 4 4 5 « 5 ■ 3 4 W KnaDD* 4 0 2 ■.
7548 Del Carina (R. A. Smith).... 107 5 4 1 5 4 n 4 n 4 h La'rsen % r '
7540 Hooligan (D. S. Fountain). .. 103 3 ft 3 n.' 3 1 32 5 U 1 Fountain ■ 2 18 5 •
(7532) Cardinal Sarto (Summers Co.) 106 Left ■' h MlchaVls 10 %.
7.V.7 Edna Sullivan (P. Sullivan). 103 Left J ' Kellv K5 ; An
7541 Callaghan (J. C. Xealon).:... 100 Left Helgesen 'I! 10 7
Tlnl r; :24 ' A1 :48% ; 1:14^' V 27W^ K At ?°" t ' 5 mltlUtes - q« at 4:32. Dance, place. 6- »how
5-2. Air, place, 2; snow. 4-5. Ara, show. 7-10. Winner, ch c b» To™'o.Hni«
, Trained by E. Wright. Start, bad. Won In' a hard drive c-7 tw?/ Third drlvTng^H.ad'
• Dance bothered Sea Air some at the finish. Claim of foul not allowed. Ara sharply
cut off by Hooligan on stretch turn. Fountain astride "latter lost ground enough, on
which to pitch a circus tent. Del Carina away none too well. • c "- 8a on
Family Club -handicap last Saturday
with Fossil.
Dick Dwyer leaves for Los Angeles
to-night, where he will do the starting
at Ascot Park the coming five weeks.
Jake Holtman was due to arrive from
the southern metropolis last night .
Gateway threw his exercise boy yes
terday morning, and after strolling
around for half a mile or so finally
Jumped the inside fence. An injured
knee was the result. .
Ben Timmons, the veteran trainer,
was a visitor at the track. Ben, who
has been on the ailing list for some
time, was warmly greeted by his many
friends.- r , //^
"Kansas" Price had on the war paint
yesterday. After Letola finished flrst
for the selling stake he boosted the
filly's entered selling price from $800
to, $1700. Walter Jennings responded
with the customary 55 and there,' was
no change, of ownership. Garnet Fer
guson stated that he would return his
portion of the run-up money to the
winner's owner.
Hugh McGowan, a three-year-old,
which has been running in the colors
of Dr.' Rowell, was sold in the paddock
before racing began. Jim Dyer was
the purchaser at $S0O.
Flying Torpedo lowered the . coast
record for ■ ono and three-sixteenths
miles from 2:01% to. 2:00%. It is a dis
tance seldom placed on the programme
here, so <he feat does not count for
much. ' > .
Twenty-five books laid odds in the
big ring, which number does not in
clude thfr two field or the combina
tion books. Charley Walters, who has
given California- the overlook for seven
years, was one of the new-comera.
Harry Bennett of St. Louis also made
the weight for f he first time.
After resting, up -for. a couple of
weeks Joe Rose was another to take
a hand in the game.\ Joe makes, a 'big
book, and, as usual, the horseshoe hung
above. the door and he -quit a healthy
winner.
F. B. Nichols, a heavy Eastern, bet
tor, is here. ,He is very favorably Im
pressed wth the manner in which the
sport is conducted at Oakland.
The yearlings bred by Hon. Theo
dore Winters at Washbe, Nev.,;will be
30ld to-morrow, night." at Chase & ; Co.'s
salesyard. Market street and Van 'Ness
avenue. The stallions represented are
ElRio Rcy and Rey Del Sierras. ;V.
' Flying Torpedo .was the first winner
ever ridden by little Barrett. The little
fellow has only been galloping horses
a few months.
Easy for Sherman Indians. .;;"j
FRESNO, Dec. 17.— The Shenhan
Indians of Riverside '.defeated the
Selma Athletic Club football team to
day at Pelma, CO to .0.
An Exhibition of Pictures^
. "Charming, dainty, pictures .in the pret
tiest effects and quaint frames, or,if p you
like,'; on mattings that j blend - withV them
most admirably.' VAri exhibition? of "pic
tures for those who lpvejbeauty,and:,who
seek ; novelty in ' decorations'" mayi be 'seen
in ' the ' new art .'gallery ; of . Sanborn,'' Vail
RACKET WTELDERS THRONG
CALIFORNIA CLUB COURTS
MJss. Bessie Cully's Smart Playing
Wins for Her the Coveted
Miller Cup.
The largest crowd of the season was
present at the California Club courts
yesterday. The best match was play
ed late in the afternoon and was un
finished on account of darkness. Thp
contestants were Sam' Hardy and Dr.
Hill and Dr. Sumner, Hardy and Dr.
McChesriey. Each side won a set by
a 6-4 "score. The match was fast
from start to finish.
Another good doubles was that in
which George Janes and Grant Smith
beat the Taylor brothers. The latter
failed to get a set in three, but played
their opponents close in the last two'.
Janes and Smith played -well together
and -would make a strong team. The
scores follow:
George Janes and Grant Smith beat
Taylor brothers,' 6-2, 6-4, 7-5; Harry
Rolfe beat Carl Gardner, 6-3, 6-2;
Carl Gardner and Paul Jones beat
Harry Rolfe and Orvllle Pratt, 6-3,
3-6, 6-3; Dr. Philip and George Cut
ler, beat Moulten Warner arid Spencer
Grant, 6-3, 6-3; Gus Nisser and Baldo
Ivancovich beat Harry Sullivan arid
G. Mallett, 6-1, .6-2, 6-1; William
Murphy beat H. Spring, ; 6-1 ; Dr. Mc-
Chesney and Dr. Hardy tied Sam
Hardy and Dr. Hill, 6-4, 4-6; Ivanco
vich and Mallett beat Sullivan and Dr
Lovegrove, 6-2, 6-4; W. I. MacGavin
beat Dr. Younger, 7-6; MacGavin and
Young beat J. Thome and H. Lund,
6-4, 7-5; B. F. Nourse and 1 Sidtiey
Salisbury beat Long brothers,- 3-6
3-6, 6-3, 6-0, 6-4; Melville Longbeat
Harold Gabriel, 6-3, 6-2, 6-2. '
The Edwart T. Miller cup was com
peted for yesterday for the flrst time
on- the . park courts, it is a three
time cup for ladies of the third-class.
Only five entered 'the tourney and the
honors went to Miss Bessie Cul ly.
The members : of , the Golden > Gate
Junior.Terinis' Club started their con
tinuous tournament . yesterday. Three
matches .were 'played in the first,; class,
four in the second and two - in • the
third. They resulted as follows:
• First ; class— R. Strachan (2) beat
A.'Martinez (3), 6-0, 6-1; Morris Mc
laughlin (5) -beat L. Levineon (4),
6-2, ; 6-0 : H: McLairie (6) beat ; I*. Lev
insop (5),. 6-4, 9-11,-6-3. - :
-Second class — H. Morris (6) beat
V. Butler/(6), 4-6, 6-0,-6-1:^h: LoniT
(12) beat W.-'Marcus (10), 6-2, 6-3;
H. Langr. (10) beat jCorbly (8)' 6-4*
6-1; R.,Wilder v (ll) beat J. Hammond
(13), 8-6. 6-1. • .
Third; class— R: Magg-g (6) beat H.
Leylnson:(5). 6-2;" 6-2;'H. Garcia (16)
beat T. Gunann- (15),'2-6, 7-5, 6-1;'
THE BRE ATII Op . MEE «•.-.■
Tliat Induces refreshing' -sleep
caiii be f had ' in 1 the ; cool • outside
rooms! advertised .tb-day.; °
Read the' KOO31S. TO.'XET
cblunuis— then' investigate. ;•., i v '-
GAME POINTERS
IN THE FIELD
Six of These Sporty ; Dogs
to Meet Eighteen Setters
in Coining Field Trials
H. L. BETTEN TO JUDGE
For First Time in Years
-a Calif ornian Will Pass
Upon Merits of Entries
SJx pointers and eighteen English
setters have been entered in the all
age stake of the Pacific Coast Field
Trials Club, which will be. held >at
Bakersfleld, commencing January ,9.
For the .first time In 'some, years thg,
trials will be judged by a Callfornian.
H. L. Betten, an authority on sporting
dogs, has been selected. The entries
follow:
SETTERS.
CD. Carman's (Selby, Cal.) black
and white dog Wad (Cato-Maggie
F.); whelped August 2. 1901. J. . M.
Golobeck, Crockett, Cal.. breeder.
J. M. Golobeck's (Crockett, Cal.)
black, white and tan dog Cato Jr.;
same breeding. '
W. W. "Van Arsdale's (San Fran
cisco) black, white and tan dog
Count's Mark (Ch. Count Gladstone
IV-Peach Mark); whelped March 4.
1899. "Owner, breeder. Same' owners,
black, white and tan dog McCloud Bo?
(Tony Boy-Sadie Hopkins); whelped
December 26, 1900. Owner, breeder.
Same owner's black, white and tan
dog Harry H (Why. Not-Sue); whelp
ed February 17, 1901. P. Lorillard,
New York, breeder. Same . owner's
black, white and tan dog California
Bell Boy (Tony Boy-Gypsy Queen) r
whelped July, 1900. P. Lorillard,
breeder. # Same owner's black, white
and tan bitch Keepsake (California
Bell Boy-Peach Blossom) ; whelped
August 22, 1902. Owner, breeder.
Same owner's black, white and ' tan
dog Avalon; same breeding. Same
owner's liver and white dog Jam M
(Colonel R-Spot's Girl); whelped
March 29, 1901. George E. Gray, Ap
pleton, Minn., breeder. V.'
J. E. Terry's (Sacramento) black,
white and tan dogKilgarif (Orion-Mary
Lou); whelped July 28, 1901. Owner,
breeder. Same owner's white, black
arid tan bitch Countess Lou (Count's
Mark-Mary Lou); whelped September
4, 1902. Owner, breeder. Same owner's
white, black and tanbltch Moxey Dan
stone (Count Danstone-Gath's Moxy) ;
whelped April 23, 1802. W. J. Baughn,
Rldgeville, Ind., breeder. ■
H. W. Keller's (Santa Monica) orange
and white bitch Somora (Llewelyn's
Drake-Shadow) ; whelped August 13,
1902. W. "Vv\ Van Arsdale, breeder.
"James Keysets (Napa) : white and
lemon bitch Nita (Cavalier- Loveknot) ;
whelped August 29, 190L P. D. Llnyllle,
San Francisco, breeder. .
Rose & Chrlsterisen's white, black and
tan bitch Belle Fontaine (Count White
stone-Gracle Gladstone); whelped May,
1902. Frank Jague, Humboldt, Iowa,
breeder.
J. II. Schumacher's (Los ' Angeles)
white, black and tan bitch Valita (Cal
ifornia Bell Boy-Rod's Lark) ; whelped
April 20, 1902. W. W. Van ; Arsdale.
breeder.
J. W. Consldlne's (Seattle) black,
white and tan bitch Policy Girl (Dave
Earl-Top's Queen). . .
J. A. Peebles' (Seattle) dog Uncle
Jimmie Whitestone (Count Whiteatone-
Sport's Maybelle).
POINTERS.
C. H. Shaw's ' (San Francisco) liver
and white dog Oak Knoll (Tick Boy-
Tick's Maid) ; whelped May 25, 1902.
George Crocker, New York, breeder." .
WHHam % J. Morris' (Los Angeles)
white, liver and ticked pointer' bitch
Faith (Silver Dick-Tipaway) ;
November .19, 1902. J. P. Grawi, Wav
erly, Iowa* breeder. : -
Stockdale Kennels' (Bakersfleld) liver
and white pointer dog Cuba Jr. (Cuba
of Kenwood-Florida); whelptd ' March
13, 190O.^6wner, breeder. Same owner's
white^a*i.d". black pointer ' bitch Midget
(Cutia'Viiep'- Jingo's .' Bagpipe) ; whelped
November 1, 1901. Owner, breeder.
Same owner's liver and white dog Glen
wood ' (Cuba - of Kenwood-Petronella) ;
whelped January 22, 1902.' Owner, breed
er. Same owner's liver, white and* tan
bitch Ivywood. Same breeding.
Scotch Bowlers In .Action.
Some lively practice . matches were
played by the Scottish bowlers yes
terday.' Joseph Gray and Rev. Mr.
Logan were beaten by J. M. . Duncan
and William Watson, 21' to 20. Rob
ert. Park- and H. L. Tickner beat John
Reed and John McLlaren by a similar
score.
Other matches played resulted as
follows: G. C. .Patterson and Andrew
Foreman beat Judge Shaw, and J. C.
Moffatt, 2 1 to 1 8 ;, M. L. Crowe and J."
Stott^ beat James Gray and J. Mc-
Lachlan, .21- to 18; A. Foreman and
J. Moffatt beat G. Patterson • and D.
Dalziel, 21 to 7; "J. Moffatt beat T.
McNaught. J 2l'to 9; James Gray and
J. McLachlan. beat M. Crowe and J.
•M. Duncan,. 21 to 8; R. Park beat J.
Reid," 21 to 15. -
# Coolcs and Walters Nominate.
I - OAKLAND, Dec v 17.— -The local
i Cooks', and .Walters* Union has made
the following nominations v for of
ficers ; to serve , for - the j ensuing '.term :
i For j bresident/' : O.. A:^Hamblin land
James Cooper ; for' first vice president,
'Charles Herkenharn," M.' W. Jensen
and F. L.' Leahy; for second vice pres
ident,' [ G. W. Wells ■ and (Max \ Roland ;
for secretary and business agent, P. C.
Web'er, ; M^ S. Medin and- : J. Dekerma
! rek;. for .treasurer, .William Haidlch
arid George Kuhl ; -, for inside guard,
George .White,"; C. • "WV..C| ; McBride arid
Sig Zoeller; "for janitor, Sam Tano
vich; for^ inspector, J. A.' Lessee , and N.
Satinich ; : for members -r of executive
board (two to bejelected),^ Victor Mil
ler, ; J. : A- . Lessee, Sig : Zoellnes «and - Ed
Weir; trustees (three' to be .elect
ed), ; F.^Oberton, p. . Bosrilck; ;q. ;V/.-1C. ;
McBride^ and / O;' Erickson"; * for "dele^
fgate to v the ' Central ' Labor Council
(four' to ; be elected) ; c P.\C. Weber; ; M.
S. llendin, ;M.', W.~ Jensen, J.V Deker
marek; ;M. 'Roland and • George Kuhl.
GOLF AT SAN RAFAEL
The San Rafael Golf Club beat the
visiting team of the Menlo Park Golf
Club in an eighteen-hole match yes
terday on the Happy Valley course.
Ten matches were played, the San
Rafael representatives winning seven
of these and the Menlo Park team be
ing j victorious in three. .As. each vic
tory counted one point and the greater
aggregate number of holes also count
ed one point the San Rafael team won
by a score of 8 to 3. The total num
ber of holes made by the winning
members of Hhe San Rafael team was
American liengue Averages.
CHICAGO, Dec. 17. — The American
league fielding- averages were given
out to-day. The leader of the clubs
is Chicago, with .965. The leaders
In the different positions are: First
Baseman La Chance. Boston. 901; Sec
ond Baseman Robinson, Detroit, .901;
Third Baseman Tannehill, Chicago,
Lm B - . sm m n
■9 H Eon i^Gps ' r j
3 ML \fffy O .U, J3 Im zM mm* \ i 2 t j
•'•••. 7 I
PERFECT
Resultsjjejtie Test
I Accomplish Them
As it is within my power I :
to prove my ability to per- si^SZ&^b
form what I have prom- JW^^^^
ised to do for men, 1 glad- u)l£kf]r \
ly welcome every sufferer wBffif
who comes to me for help. W^m /^W^S
My methods are scientific, Wp'li *^> \|
effective, modern in every . \svJfc, %^&'
way, and are strict. y
. . guaranteed to be . . V
... successxu.1 ... a *^zpT~%-'c^yirx
To be able to correctly dlagmose r X I A >v
a case is the flrst requisite of a / Vv I J\ v>
physician, for on a correct under- / V\ t _^/J \ \
standing of a trouble, its cause, the c ==^i^f V \
complications that may be looked I y I \***
for, the physician must base his \ irj^f /
method of treatment. The next im- .-^'Iwk*
portant feature Is a knowledge of r-»D r\ n met ClM
how to treat the trouble; he must UK « «• y- Jt»5>L.t:CN,
fully appreciate all the necessities The Leadins Specialist.
of each particular case; he must '
know to a certainty the remedies necessary, how to give thenvand
when to stop them. His method, hla ways and his- means must
not be of the guessing variety. Now what are the true requisites
for the possession of such knowledge, we answer, A THOROUGH
MEDICAL EDUCATION. DR. JOSLEN'S claim to pre-emlnenco
in the treating and curing of diseases of MEN is based on just that
fact. "AS THOROUGH A MEDICAL. EDUCATION as can be
obtained in the leading colleges of the world." supplemented by
seventeen years of actual experience. His methods of treatment
have been proven correct.The happy results which ho obtains; the
permanence of the cures are being noted By physicians and men
over the whole country. He is making no claims for superiority
that cannot be established by proof that is positive. This proof
is thousands of cured cases scattered all over the Union.
I Treat Varicocele Painlessly and Certainly.
Varicocele affects the veins of the spermatic cord. An average -ot one
man in four suffers from this affliction. The musiruiar walla of th«»
' veins weaken and relax, the valves cease to perform their functions and
local stagnation of the blood ensues. The first evidence of vartcocele Is
usually a thickening, dilating, knotting and twisting of th« veins on one
or both sides of the scrotum, most frequently upon the left side, ofteh, •
accompanied by pains in the testicles, back, legs, thighs or chfst. and .a
■ense of dragging in the groin. Owing to th« impaired circulation. ' a
wasting away of the testicles, accompanied by partial cr compl-it» loss
of sexual power, almost without exception follow in severe casts where
treatment is neglected, and even slightly developed cases cannot fail to
have a damaging Influence upon the organs involved as well as upen
the general health. . Safety in .all Instances demands a prompt cure,
for varicocele Is a disease that increases in severity the longer i: is
neglected. ,
I guarantee to cure varicocele In one week. . without pain, and with-
out detaining the patient from business. I have cured over two thousand
cases without a single failure or unpleasant result. My treatment Is
original and has been developed through sixteen yean of practical ex-
perience. It restores th«" lost tone and elasticity to th« weakened and
dilated blood vessels, which results in normal circulation and re-estab-
lishes the natural processes of wasto and repair throughout the sexual
systfm. Varicocele is a slow, creeping disease, but it surely and steadi-
ly lowers the standard of vitality, depletes the nervous system aad often
engenders grave Mental Disorders and Paralytic Disturbances. A wide-
open surgical operation Is the onlr remedy adviMd by the musty old
medical text books, to which the majority of physicians adhere. But I
have practically robbed surgery of Its most frightful terrors -by originat-
ing and perfecting a method of my own which positively cures Varico-
cele^wlthout cutting, burning cr tyinx. My patlsnts aw not maimed
or mutilated, nor their powers weakened or destroyed. The parts ar»
wholly: preserved. Improvement Is immediate. All pain and dragging
sensations soon disappear entirely. The swollen, sagging, dilated veins
are emptied of their superabundant contents and are rapidly reduced
to "their normal size, strength and soundness. Masculine power is quick-
ly and thoroughly re-established. Every part of the organism affected
by Varicocele is restored to that state of health and soundness Intended
by God and Nature. .
I am willing to wait for my fee until
you are well:
•'Weakness" Contracted
There is nq such condition as fl I C |"i |"ffl £> fC
weakness in a man under SO years l/loUi vi v/l O
of age, other than the general de- . Every case of contracted disease
blllty Preniaturfness,- loes of vi- I treat Is cured thoroughly. My pa-
oimy. rr=ui . ' . tlenu have no relapses. When I
tality, etc.. are but symptoms of pronounce a case cured there is
some damage to the reproductive , not a particle - of Infection or In-
system caused by some contracted •«g-^2K£**^g™&
disorder or early dissipation. In disease will return in Its orglnai
looking for the location of this form or work its way into th« gen-
damage I generally .find an enlarged.
swollen and Inflamed prostate gland. DUt nona are trivial as to war-
a« this rland is the very center of rant uncertain methods of treat-
as mis gianu « ' .. ment. I especially solicit thosw
the reproductive system It can cases that ot £ r a^ cton been
readily be understood that lnflam- unable to thoroughly cure,
matlon of It must cause disordered My colored chart, which to fre» at
. . __ . .„ _»-—-♦ office or by mail, is interesting to
function. These cases are prompt- anyone w i ah ing to study the anat-
ly benefited by. proper ; treatment. O my of th« male,
otherwise the patient gtfes from bad _ \
sr^Yirszszz •7 h h v abo^ w toi £ th "'
cure of the focus of the trouble, in, . !«th Organic Weakness,
the prostate. .In my experience there .Spermatorrhoea, Lost
is no. drug in the : Pharmacopoeia. Vigor, Specific Blood
taken Jnto the stomach, that will Poison, HydrOCele, Stric-
even benefit this class of cases.\ My ture, Piles and Reflex Ail-
plan of treatment is entirely' a lo- • ments, constitute my Spe-
SineS?' t" d ln P Se t d r<^ lt 1ncV r e«. O e^ " «d «t* the °nly
circulation and return of natural • diseases I treat.
vigor. • - - L I
Borne Cured — My system of Home Treatment cures in every
instance. If you cannot call write and I will be glad to advise
" you.
"Live All Your Years a Man."
This is the title of my pamphlet that will be mailed yon
'free. "Write for it. Consultation ia free at office or by mail. All
correspondence confidential.
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN
Gor. Market and kearny Sts.
PRIVATE ENTRANCE, 702 MARKET^
Office Hours — 9 a. m. to 5 v p. m. and 7 to 0 p. m.
•' Sundays, 10 to 1 only.
36, against 8 made by the winning
members of the visiting . team. R.
Glrvin Jr. and "W. J. Casey were all
even on the eighteen holes, but "W. J.
Casey took the nineteenth hole and
the match. .
Menlo Park. j Up. San KafaaL j.Up!
Perry Eyre .....| i> A. S. tail«y 1-
R. D. Girvln . ; . . O K. J. Davts. .... 8 "
J. S. Oyster 1 J. J. Crook*.- O
P. Selby O C. Curti* 12
A. P. Redding. . O | O. Sutro 2
Percy M.xire O O. M. Plnckard. &
Dr. J.C. Spencer 4 \ R. B. Hellmjui.. 0
R, Girvln Jr o'lw. J. Casey 1
C. L. Bonestell..! l> G. H*>are:tcn. . . . 11
Mrs. U N*lck«l..l 1 Mrs.K.U Girvin. 0^
Total [ 6 Total '.( 3S
.948; Shortstop Conroy, New York,
.558; Catcher Sugden, St. Louis, .990;
Outfielder Robinson, Detroit, 1000;
Pitcher. Joss, Cleveland. .933; pitcher
(won and lost). Chesbro, Xcw York,
.774. ■■■"•• : ■ - •• .■•-■. .,t..-;»
llany a man who seems to be stupid
and Kood is neither.
ADVERTISEMENTS.68
LIVES LOST
ON BURNING
STEAMSHIP
Fire Breaks Out on Starin
Liner Glen Island and of
Thirty-One Persons Aboard
Only Twenty-Two Escape
OFFICERS AXD CREW
PLAY HEROIC PARTS
Two Passengers, Xames Un
known, Perish in the
Flames Along With Seven
Members of YessePs Force
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— By the burn
ing of the Starin line steamship Glen
Island in Long Island Sound to-day
nine lives were lost and property
rougrbly estimated at a quarter of a
n"\illion dollars was destroyed. That
more lives were not sacrificed was un
doubtedly due to the personal courage
of the officers and crew and the excel
lent discipline maintained when a hor
rible death for all seemed almost a cer
tainty- When the steamer was aband
oned she was flameswept from stern to
etem and yet the only persons who lost
their lives were those whose escape had
been entirely cut off by the flre be
fore the alarm reached them.
Of the thirty-one persons. Including
ten passengers, who sailed away on the
Glen Island last night, twenty-two, in
cluding eight passengers, were brought
back to-day. The dead:
PASSENGERS— Unknown Hebrew
woman, said to have resided at 206
Hamilton street, New Haven; unknown
man, Bupposed to be a New Yorker.
CREW— W. E. Hendrlckson. assist
ant engineer; Luman Miller, fireman;
Frank Bush, ureman; J«hn Burke, fire
man; Otto L. Alforan, fireman; O Berg,
deckhand; Peter Benson, deckhand.
The Glen Island left her dock last
night for New HsfVen. The trip down
through the Sound was without inci
dent. About midnight when about
three miles west of Greenwich, Cpnn.,
there came a rush of stining smoke
from the hold and every electric light
on board the craft was extinguished.
Captain McAllister sent In the alarm
for fire drill, and the men came tum
bling out of their bunks. In the mean
time the steering gear had been blocked
and the pilots, finding themselves un
able to direct the course of the steam
er, hurried to the assistance of the oth
er members of the crew in saving lives.
Captain McAllister ordered Pilot Mc-
Mullin to go to the hurricane deck and
loosen one of the boats, while he went
to the main deck and tried to loosen
the- two large lifeboats.
LIFEBOATS LAUNCHED.
Captain McAllister managed to loosen
the port lifeboat. The other lifeboat
was frozen to the deck, but a smaller
one was soon. ready to be lowered away.
While the officers and crew were
working there was a scene of confusion
among the ten passengers. They ran
about the saloons In disarray. The
woman who lost her life had been
aroused by the stewardess and was on
her way to one of the boats when she
suddenly turned and dashed back into
the flaming cabin. In the large boat
fifteen people were afloat. They included
the eight rescued passengers and seven
of the crew, including the captain. The
Emaller boat, which Pilot McMullin had
managed to free, carried seven passen
gers. The two boats were rowed as far
away from the burning steamer as
was necessary to escape destruction,
and waited there and watched the boat
burn.
The tug Bully came to the rescue
and ran in as close as possible, but
nothing could be Been of the nine
missing persons and all hope for saving
them was given up. Those in the'llfe
boats were taken aboard ( and the tug
headed for New York.
The Glen Island was constructed
from the ruins of the City cf Rich
mond. The latter, curiously enough,
also vas burned. After having been
rebuilt the steamer was christened Wil
liam C. Egerton and later renamed Glen
Island.
According to First Mate Larson, the
fiie broke out in the forward part of
the steamboat when she was off Cap
tain's Island. Larsen" declares that It
seemed to have gained a headway
which it was hopeless to attempt to
fight and in a few minutes the entire
vessel was ablaze.
lt"» a Merry Christmas
Ex-en some of our 1905 Calendars . are
funny: some of them are pretty, and tnc
California poppy, poinsettia. Little Chi
nese and redwoods are very artistic. This
is always the best place to buy these lit
tle thJng-e. and now is the time. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Christmas
EXCELLENT SHOPPING 3 AG
Certainly a pood vtlue for th«
money. Real leather, and haa
braided leather handle and two
pocket*, one containing card case. .
i the ©tber purM to match bag. My
pric«. f l-OO. m
It you want » Wallet. Purea.
Card Case or Diary for 1905. I can
make It worth your while to come
• here.
COKKLJtN'S BELF -" FILLINO
; PE^ U a useful - and appropriate
clXt for a man or a. woman. - The '
perfect Fountain Pea. Convenient,
dean and always ready. Price*,
£3.00 to $3XK>.
CHRISTMAS CAHDS In ifreat va.
' liety. Elabjorte de«l«M. from &c up.
THAT MAW PITTS,
»F W. PITTS. The , Stationer.
;X008 MARKET ST.. opp. Kl£th.jS.FV|
HAXJETS.
Ghristmas Next Sunday == Hate's This Week
q ' o q " • ■-■'-.■■- .--.■■..■ .-■■-■-■.-■ ■ . - . •-:. ■■ TT p 5
' , The Hale store will be
Just Six More Days Hale's will make wholesale prices to churches ; and charitable organizations on candies, toys o p en evenings till Christ-
to do all the Christmas shopping in. an d an y thing they may want, to make a Merry Christmas -merrier to all. as
2£ e 5&- S" b^ne^day.^Tryou 'Ahdlwe^H any railroad or £ — L_ i
havemoVTto^h^ boatshipping point ioo miles of San Francisco, reserving the right to send by mail or freight or Why Not a Toilet Set?
And If you do know wnat you want , , • • ,«. . -V - ../.»- . . ,'> . ; * & . ' - . . __ji For "him? For her?
jonu wait; tm next aay. it may be express as seems best. This offer concerns; goods bought in the store or goods ordered by mail. a splendid variety just hinted
| ' a^ MMHaHHl^^^ aHaH^ H^ Mawa ' - ■-_''■■, * ■ ..■■■■■.■■. •- ■ _ __i_^^—^—^^^—^^ of here
. Ehop mornings if you can. ' • ■ ■' : ; . - . •■.■__ ■ ■_._ -■■ 3-pleoa * T ° U * J*^i ar ?1^ 0 ° b -
fornia stores. '"'■•'■";:. * ■• ,• Military Brtuihea, 31.75 to $3.00 pals
tV ' ■ - < /% ','■*' m % ' ' •+ *-^ _ ■.- _i — Real ebony 'military brushes,
o o lUll-'dll 1UI LilC 1 \jy& ClllCl Z^dLIl Ld WlclLld AChristmasSaleof
If YOU Live Outof Town «-d^n^ &ta^Sn^ V W *' *" preparati ° nS he haS t0 m^ ke and thousands of chimneys he has to th^hv/c^thtni of and
Order hv Mail \ *> •) that the many would be delighted
uy iTitill But Hale's are helping him so that he will have time to be up on the A wilderness of toys on the third floor and scores of sales- with, especially such pretty linens
Let us do your Christmas shopping fourth floor from io to 12 in the morning, from 2:36 to 4:30 in the after- people to wait on you easily. Among other things ff & ese " * 4o e _i*
for you. But order now. Christmas noon and from-7:30 to Q in the evening every day. Bring the little folks ' --:■ A | inch hemstitched
next Sunday. . to see him. He wants to hear their last minute wishes. • He isn't giving I *T& tt €M ' \ iC^O d "tf" linen squares, with fr^^CvL
, away candy, so you will have plenty of time to talk to him without Ming I Cd OCL^ <X L OUt "™k bordlrs?^""
New JaDanese SHk hurried and crowded. To give the children some sort of an idea of In 45 different styles, at 50c, $1.00 and up to $6.50, the very thing At 65c. 95c and jW^jS
\ wii -t nvtrrn nf "r "H t the place he lives in, he has had reproduced as nearly as possible his the little girl will like most. Useful size, nicely boxed. Different linens 20 -Tnch W«&
A waist pattern of it will make Northland home. ■ / vw.< stvlrs frnm -nr tn <« -n squares, splendid
Fof fs \Cll\T^\^\ lt is in the c^ ral court with the Fair y Qu«n. her maid, and the *' l ° JS^&T
whTte^it^iUle fin^douefde" H « htS a " d the Aurora " It<s a "Rhf bigger folks will be glad C^J^ c^te'Vffi? AS S L£^
signs It's 24 inches wide It's to cc ' in nlckcl - copper and black. Even has a wovpn wire mattress and is res* w i t h SW
extra" heavy." 75 c quality at 50c But most interesting of all are these two floors nearly filled r %^fT^o^ i^°^T^^ Sffi flniShed - ° lherS fr ° m 10C *° *?"« b^ n d c e ? p° r P^ J|^
- ara< " with tOVS. dolls, books and games, and the automobiles, velocipedes, all cooking utensils. . . Blocks and Oames , So to $2.00— Ifs a t y inner work.
»'■ "a^^U'sThe the bi^ lieSS ° f the Variet y ™£ h ° W much better choosing tO-mor- " < «SS I &,S& 4 SceW pai P nt?d a $ nd°?o7Sld! tS?^l!5Ai?thteS: e . fr ° m ' lDClUdlng Sca fro S m %1 % to^lt 13*54 inch,
a Ik ree?er m S e JiS" row than it will be next day, and the unusualness of the prices^ Iron Hook and Ladder $1.95 tSSh^SSSSSSP^Sn- -« h
ToL lu 5SSStV"S Among, dozens of other gifts on the fourth floor are these *£?$££« 5c . 25c „ % 2?5?»i
inches wide at Jl. togas or flat tops, every one has a tray goo< j time to Ket lt to-morrow. It has ones. 20-lnch. at *}J* * na ♦-"«•
23 inches wide at. 17 f • _* ■ ' S~ f\ ■ ' ' and they're just like big trunks. That's three horses driver and wheel man. 30 24-lnch ones at ♦2.6o.
' $ .H 5 ; K « 24 inches V^Inrinf^nP^ At SI nil ■' th « rea S 01 T ' the little girl will like them i"lonS;cVmptetewlthladdw?|l.i* squares with lln en een-
o at U ; 50 - T ClUtipCUW ClL *P I .UU *» much; Sc to 53.50. . taT^rt«o-*«h'uto«wlne* S^VlM * fffi- i6-taS at S«0
Onaranteel Black >> V . » , * , ,, . • Tnnl fhoct Q^- trucks. Iron wagons, delivery wagons, at H 95 ? \ln' * '
t^soflo" 1 incnes They have a 14-inch front wheel-big enough for a littje fellow, 1 V^ II^ :>L v Jo express wagons. . others 45c to w.oo. anQ ♦•»•«"• _______
'at- gsSTss incnel strong steel wheels and wrought steel frame. Other sizes with iti t 'the a go h o a d1Se?ui toofs ifconSnl the a Re^iitiful Doll *A O«? Feather Boas
at 8oC - bieeer wheels Up tO S^ OO. ""le boy will like most and there are ** DCdUUlUl LTU1I T«r««firirr Thic WpaI^
Black Pean de Sole UI && er VIlct - i:> U P LU g?r«J. p , enty of them u otner s , 2es fr(jm <5c It . g over Jn un Maybe u , g aa h{g Tempting I HlS WeSK
at 60c — 20 inches Express Warons, 90c — Size 9xlS inches. Booking- Boriei, 85c — Larse-slzed horse, up to 19.50. as baby herself. It has a papier mache \r n rr> temotinff than ever with
wide; 24 inches wide. at 75c -:-. all iron, painted red. Others up to $3.75. with an upholstered saddle and bridle. Drum, 25o— Measures 8 inches across the body, wooden arms and legs, ball and _- iv . c lcnl P uu » "'* - .
Coasters at S2.00 — 32 inches long; strong 25 other styles from $1.23 up to $25.00. top. It's a regular S5c drum, with a socket joints, large bisc head, sleeping Christmas next ounaay, ior nicy
and we., made, with good reliable wheelbarrows 60c— Both styles sheet good sheepskin head, nickel plated with eyes, fancy stockings and patent leather suggest gifts than which we can
r\ jT-"' •'■'•' ■!' w-fci .*,«. ~_ brake. Larger and heavier ones from . steel bodies 'and steel wheels' Other enameled hoops. /Dozen other styles slippers. *- , \W\x\\e nf none better
OstriCh Plume at $3.25 »•«> «P to ».00. And we can't think of lizes 70c to 90c wheels. Other upto^ sp , endid drum at But look at these other dolls: m^« of beautiful ostrich plume
Reantifni ifi i"nrh hUrl- «r ,.w*~ a ; better gift for a boy unless It is one ■ ' _ Toy Piano, 45c— Has 8 keys, mahogany At $1.65— A full-Jointed Kestner doll. 19 flbVrsT selected, big^and flpfCy.
Beautilul 10-incn black or white of these. Trirvrlp«^ 5^4 00 ." nnish. upright style. Others at 25c up in. tall, papier mache body, nne bisc They're IV* to 1% yards long,
ostrich plumes. Will make the wife. Pedal Wagon* at $3.75— 34-inch body. * l l*-y<-«c2> $>T.KJ\J^ .-,;^ : - ; to $10.00. ,, head, sleeping eyes, dimpled chin, curly in black from $10.00 to $25.00. in
or sister, or mother, or friend a snft a11 stee '- ith • a . d J ustab . 1 ? o S A fiat> steerin^ It's a splendid gift for the little girl* Toy Pnrnitnre, 45c Set— Parlor, dining- wiST- Regular $2.00 value at $1.65. white from $15.00 to $20.00. in gray
<;hc will be HHitrht<»r1 with flJ^A gcar - Others $4.50 to $6.00. one she will like best of all. This one haa room and bedroom sets, finished in light At $1.15— Jointed doll, with bisc head, from $10.00 to $25.00. In natural col-
~,ik. wiii uc ucii^nicu wun. liana- Doll Oo .carts, 25c— Of reed. Then there IS. In. -tin steel wheels, cushion seat and oak. The little girl will like one for her sleeping eyes, curly hair, full jointed ors from $12.00 to *17.00; in black
some plumes ?3-25-Y .^ ; Is a large variety up to $16.00. strong-frame. Other sizes up to $13.00. doll. Other sets 60c, 75c. 95c to $1.60. with moving wrists, 21 in. tall. and white from $12.00 to $17.50.
The Jewelry Store JjfiiL-*- ontS''2S?iSS a^?™i£/£JS
•rhen solid sold shHi rings nt 25c, baby sizes Plain • ' '• : ' flSSO. U T 1 "i U I Thev're in splendid black silk, full length and
or set with stones. They look just like renl gold arw /frsr'l [3£**iXn[*v6&MK l UF*r^Si '■-"■'• ■*" ■* * ** ** •» a a •* * . - , •"' , . "... , , u »4- j j -h
wear like real pold. Guaranteed. I^arger sizes 50c and jfeLM *f^rwKjO F Ki : < Wnmf^ ' '..."'■ '.'...'. . x — Width aim hemstitched at DOUl enuS, ana Will
JI And w^ch^chSf^ood 1 " gifts, lon* ones for women. ■?"■ ' C! 5 f Xr O 4- 4- 2 x-> -r* 4- /--- Stam P the irtitials free SO >' OU C^ n WOrk them '
s?ones° 5500> wlth slIdes> 8et with Pearls and ° thcr 1 * •".• 1 IV JrCttit'O3 IIS The y start us thinking of dozens of other gifts
Watch chains for men and boys, new links and de- for "him." Take these
85 And at $1.50. covered with Pa f\ jafp thp C\\ nStm^ 9 Sni>i t P nH FmnnmU fecv^x* 3 -! 0 v & S&h.
morroco. goo^d lenses, in plush case. , lVaUIOLL Lil«^ \^> 1 J i I O L 1 I I <X O OpiIlL (X I 1 U CLUllUllly to choose from Some 4^8Q^
And in silverware it will be not what to buy but . . Ill a way to Stir lip the Utmost enthusiasm tO-niorrow plain, some already embroide'red and ife^»»
what not to buy when you sec how far a little 1Vp a holiday cvent h planned on and beon ' exceeded on^f wfan ° U we° haJe 0 ' Veen MPtiMW
money will ro. - ali our expectations; show-ed us how much more San Francisco women wanted silk petticotts than we hid thoueht Tn a^h w« ar« cerore, jCwW®l
Take these silver watches. Swiss. Waltham and Elgin many styles we ran out of colors before noon of the first day. That very fact dec ded us thought. In ai £ n i^ e /v.£vi.f. o^ m« ™* 7^ flS&h<&5k.
and other movcmentP. men's or women's sizes. Hut We started manufacturers to thinking and working at once, and to-morrow mornimr sinniltinemiolv in Can f?r an ~<*~ n ?m« - K».«i^t«^ ?«u?viT" w _aj_W
BiJ^h^tz?' but in Bold fillcd aml solid fo^HeEr 11 stotkton - the Hai ° siorcs surt Sniiyi- Mat. STias'sia J$*4£2h£7FiT& a SFi |S^^
; — # . Every skirt made specially for Hale's, every one of a splendid silk. -But it's for you to judge s?u^LF x 'A"i'Viria?ed DClea " ed ' h " m *
ChriStmaS LiraperieS the quality; every one made generously full; in a magnificent variety of black, green, red, blue wwte initialed Handkercnief., $i jo for HLTO
Offer m any S p. C ndid gift sug g «,ion, Among them a " d brown effects. £nd^ . _ _ **Z .
a big surprise in HirST V f V\C€ k \A/lli K Q *77sC Silk Petticoat at $7.QS:. reversible four-in-hands, tecks. impe-
T-KIa Pru/flrc <1? A^ #T-.'-^* ! - 1V ' V ' TT ll1 ■■■*- f -'. %J/-W«VJ^ Flounces fnm 14 in is Mn H»»n r,,m^ rlals « lar * e s <l uar es to tie in the new puff. All th© new
; . Table Covers; S-45 .; The skirts wilf surprise vou. We have reproduced one of^em in the SHSl&V/iSt i ft,i d i e ;&ra ffl ta | h a^ N fe h tan blue whit.
Aiflne-deeppUe. Vc^^plurt. Jntahrt with'a picture to show; you the elaborateness of the flounce, splendid .taffeta. black only. . ■ *£« ! JSPViS^lTfiSfSr^tSSSS t< SlfflK >
fi nl e for \L Parlor table a K Fft that P will look as if y5u Look at thc colors— blue, red, green and brown; changeable and black. Ac- . . ■<:.„ . % ~rr r . , t . made full and .ornamented with aillc braid and cords.
pa\d & twice th a e s P much S^inorSS/prtcT/SiS? * cordion pleated jounce; with a narrow ruffle on the edge and a percaline -ftiSWS^the 0^ tSSSr '" BUt bMt ° f
Choose a gift from these beautiful new dust ruffle. $2.85. -- . . . • _\_ • ' ' Give Him a House Coat
"Art lioom" Table Covers. $2.76— Tapestry, in the warm, «t c 00 ->The Next Price- : I *£]. Tt, C a t> • °ZZ "Z ~~~ ~ — ° U1VC Him a UOU5C WOai
Oriental colorings, with knotted frinso. 8-4 size. INCXt iTlCC $3.50 : The Second PdCe : fiive Her a 1 Hfllp filnvf* r- u- u lift. T.w ■ .:_» t
Tape«tr^ Portier?,; 8«0 and $5.50-New. with dainty ; For dainty jjllk skirtR, in blue. red. For black bine, green red and brown UIVe neF^ a "Hie UIOVC Give him one he Will like. Take yOUT time fa
applique borders, in the armure weave, greens and green and, brown and h in 8 ■ different -.taffeta silk *kiru,/ with deep flounce made Order choosing it. Before you choose we would like to
72^ Axmin.fr Knff., $3^5-In floral and Oriental made' with .de^ action 0 plea'ted^u™ And let her choose her own gift at " have you .see these at- Hale's. $3-75 to $io.pa Made
"plTterns. wide ranie' of colors and designs. 63x27 in. Hes. with a large or small tucked Ja.^of mtt~ except Ve th° U "pi^Std anyoneof I/ale' i six California stores of splendid golf cloth, trimmed with sUk cord;
*2.45. flounce. Sateen- dust ruffle. * quality of the silk and the way ifs made. O- — : — ; p pockets and cuffs edged With plaid.
y — • jimi ■ """ ■
Thrse Celluloid and Fancy Boxes I Christmas Stockings i_i wi^vH^A-^rl-.S^^^ A C^^^^ Hemstitched Table
wrzii M-nii^^ czn\^nAiA TYfiii&M Headed this week by nanuKercnieTS* 53 a nocus aothstoGive
Will Make bplendld UlttS . . At Hale^or Christmas Interest This Week ' < to^al^^ 1^^!?^
They're prettier this year. The prettiest are here to choose Lisle Stockings at 35c 7(No matter at what price, whether a plain, dainty little 'chief at Beautiful linens, beautiful sifts,
from to-morrow. . :; : if s , z^fortunate happeriingthat, ioc or a beautiful be-laced affair at. $7.50.) . ; t • a manufacturers sample
See these Collar and Cuff Boxes at 75c and $1.00; handy for men, brings them to.'us.' They have the ;*; So many, SO pretty, such dainty,. useful gifts. Useful, that is it. German Xfaea TaM« Clotta at *4-3.
:£»w||l" " '" "M fac^L,^l P ac/Se «'o h ckin!rs 1 ' 5 the "°te that is striking responsive chords in more pft buy- ' X^tf&ATSn'lVSFiZlZ
At S^Colk? «d Cuff Boxes in celluloid, decorated with flowers Z Imita • stefekiig • buying ? importaS ers' hearts thisyear; than ever before. And snowy piles of hand- g«^'«» > ***• -■» »M yard,
and a beautiful head, even' a compartment for handkerchiefs; to-morrow. Sizes 8 to 10., Regu- -kerchiefs to choose from to-morrow. .
doubly useful. lar 50c; stockings at : 35c pair. Fir^t* HanHlrpr^hiAfc at 9 Cr At $2.00 to $7.50: GlftS fOP Baby .
Cellnlold Workbox at 6O0— Fitted with At 81.75— Beautiful Hard Wood Collar 50c Lace Stockings, 12.75. box; 6 Tirbl. ndnOKerCnieib ai 6uC L inen centers, edged with Point Rose . -.. ... J,
four useful articles and lined with and^ Cuff Boxes, trimmed with m-atal. • "pairs, black allover lace lisle hose. All Uaen. finished, with lace or very fine embroidery -designs. In I iieSe WearaDleS
satin.' Ifs a gift she will appreciate. At $1.25— CoUar and Cuff Boxe», In burnt . \ n assorted patterns, sizes 8 to Vnlp _ pl ' nnM i ncp _€*Ll ' 'on linen. Prettier ones finished with A . onnnrttinitv tn « aw ««
V- . ' ■■' • u a 1 J wood fancy designs several- lines. 10 - J2.75 box of .6 pairs.^ Valenciennes lace, ■^pi»!>«_ re al Duchesse lace And an Opportunity to save on
Lancy boxes in hard wood and : J^^J "^. •»«•• ?i:25sn k stockings; at $1.00; pure butterflies, bow knots, r.ggll, - Duchesse lace them by buying to-morrow, sec-
burnt wood. Among them "hSS^mad? 00 * Glove Box "' sifi^^ariffli^lIS^ em- flowers - W^k And by the Box ond floor baby store. First'
broidored, White or black. new in th f corners and Afe^ J§fEK At 15c box— Handkerchiefs for the lit- rhi!Hrpn'<? Rnnnpfc 4ft-
Q^Kfo fino r;ifh P1177IP U/ilh Pi^roe styles, at$2.26, $2.50. $3.00, $3.50, around the the ertpes. A^ff}&fi3 tle fwlks, in cambric, with a colored V^illlUItril i> DUllIietS
OOlVe tile VJIU rllZZie Wlin I leCeS $ 4 .50 and $5.00 pair. , • Swiss ones in hundreds fj^MjgiPL border in a neat picture covered box. They're usually $1.25. In faille
* w--j s~* t • - S*+ A f*+ t * Children's Stockings, • $2.75 dozen; of different designs. zkMMMBr 3 j n b03C - i . -T:* ., ... « llk - i" P ink ' ll^ a "d dark blue.
I If L 4 0-* f^ /~*^7 I 1*1 t *^ *DI ft it!T" I TIOCC boys' and girls' black cotton stock- • go manv to ■ choove ' &r:*&G± At a5c * 0 *— 3 cambric • handkerchiefs, tan. brown and cardinal; some
Ui rancy cm-na— cut u.i.ass. SJ^^^-rs. ®^ j ,^s^;s& ssr i «3"ftur i Ta^ h vs« h '{g?
There is a little room up on .the third floor glittering!,, full of cut • -|«» 8 H. Re 5 u,ar ly umpt H. toerlb, MTO • »«1. K^^ of Sg-^tt.^ ,, •
glass; splendid gift hints; glittcnngly full of price surprises, too; and it s ,. . . -: :_j__ r N ; - warning— The pret- oaiTM :'-- pure linen haodkerchlefs, - hemmed made fit kid. in pink, blue, tan,
the American cut glass, made on perfect blanks, deeply cut. Some of the' . Wflpm Wnnl Rlonl/Ptc ' tk-st ones are al- ' and embroidered. In a box all ready brown, red and black.
prices may be as interesting here as the pieces will, be in the store to- • : '^ ftSwS.^ § - wa^ takW ; .•^^ At^i^^ox-* - Tine xan«- Kandx.r- "^ftSSjFSSZtS. fiSSn SJ
morrow. SSQB . ~ - c at OO.UU KP. Handkerciiefa at 35c: chiefa, embroiderpd in .assorted de- and black. Sizes 1. 2 and 3
At $1.75 — Handled nap- At S4.95 — Water Bottle, with the* -»heel. « Gifts *»vprv 'hnii~cUlr'«>«>n«>r''wi11 h^ ', Fine 1 linen.', finished with Valenciennes . - ,signs,-no itwo^allke, Ina box.- , Hoods. 50c — Mercerized, in cream,
__* n py, perfect, clear cut, -pattern, deeply cut. full star, bottom;, , nousekeeper will De •; lace and Insertion: : Some with 3 or. At 75c box— 3 Irian lin«n,\ hand «a- blue and red.
with scalloped edges. Even the neck, is cut. : . acugntea with. '.-. - , ; r. 4 rows ■ of Insertion, then a. lace bor- ' broidored Handkerchiefs, hemstitched Hoods. 11.00 — Crochet silk In cream
&<2«fk rich design, highly „ ■. n a intP>fi fhinn <5nI»H White California wool blankets. ..der. Others with embroidered de- with a design ■ embroidered in one white. •
n^T^«. polished. nana-Paintea Unilia oaiau lanre-Hnnhi^ K^rl c ; 7P nrpttv n ; n i, signs in the corners. corner.:. f-. . ■• . Shawls. $1.00— Cream white with
d^WSSk At 35.00— Snpar and . Bowls. 81.25 ••' ' ar | e^"ble-bed size pretty- pmk * Mtf t 50 - . At 98o Basket— 4. handkerchiefs, some scalloped and silk embroidlred
Mfflffi SS^&^SSi l«^ch t "TOth7«fl2 bo*.™. t^Vi^ derS - IICaV1Cr OnCS V^^Sa&K^iSS I^ S an a d nd $1.5 C 0°— ' °^» S
•feiSa^ S£k or Berry Bowl, 550-T.arge L_ SHSSSi^ •— ? E nalceSe^wF can- SV35 fi
; fcyeflf At $2.75— Celery Tray«, France rose decoration, colored edge. Down Comforter's Lisrht fluffv and At 75c : to $1.75 — Handkerchiefs in fine at 10c to 50c. Plain and initialed. Pinning Blankets and Skirts *»Sr
Hh large and deep, well neatly embossed and gold festooning. warm, at $r» 00' to $18 00 covered linen and Swiss, some wuh. Mechlin Plain at 10c. 15c. 2Qc. 25c and 60o Of cream flannel with' fancv
Typ •W8 curved sides, heavy At $1.25 — Cracker or Biscuit -ar, decor- with satin; covered with ' silk at la ce - others with Point Venise lace each. Initialed at 16 2-3c and 25c. stitched bottom.
wM^WI blank elaborate cut- ated with floral sprays, tinted, dou- $10.00 to $25100 edge. Embroidered ones in blind and The initials neatly embroidered in one Bibs, 5c — Oilcloth, with lace edsre
tings, perfect pol- ble handles. Others at oOc, 35c. $1.75, — open patterns, scalloped and hem- corner encircled by a spray of Cow- Bibs. 12»£c— -Quilted sateen and
"*' ish. Regular $4.50 up to $5.00. . " , .' r> 4.4. /-»i - stitched' edges. » - . v— e rs or wreath of • clover leaves. ■ large size ofl cloth. '
— _ value.- : At 45o—Su«rar and Creamer Set, low Dettei*^ UlQVeS V - - Bibs 50c— Of fancy embroidered
At 98c — Cruet«. dainty; shapes, prettily shapes, stippled- gold .handles, -floral. Make hrttrr : <tU*V^^ W tni»n f^r - \.?}} ]c -~~
cut. full cut stopper. Others at 51.75, decorations. Others to $4.25 pair. ■ wake better, gifts for men, for ' _ »" « -r^ • « S> • n J — Mittens. 20c— Pink. blue, red and
82.50 and $4.95. ... At 25o-K:ups and, Saucers, thin, trans- women, for. girls, for boys. '■ . |_ + * f?^ /l/ICft'L r /^- L^l/^ri fw1TTC> T> w ?. lte -
Cake Flatei. 95c-^-L,arge 16-inch ones, parent, very delicate decorations and- .At Slio--Tne' kte Jonvln Prench 17 1*1^0 ITldaVW JTvlWll VlllLO^ Bo i o l tl * ! '. 12%— White, trimmed with
,wlth double handles, floral, sprays and gold, lines. Others at ; 35c, 45c, 60c, Kid Glove — With -'Paris 'Point -em- : * * PinK .and -blue,
goldtraced^ Others;upto $5.00. ;. ,75c,. up to $2.60.. .- .,, r ;. '- TO/ Be ChOSen CaVefuIly ' drawer Leggings. 25c
ffl ***9^m - • Christmas Music Arsa^Sc^^aiSeJ^stainief. Hale fdrs are picked by an expert and backed with the Hale _.
jJT^y .aj^^^qpr:jg|| Special at 79c suede— One that perspiration has guarantee and priced right. ': ' \m^jffl4i8$&&*6$^lffi&
Jx~*£^P**» **om*^^"^ n^slc 'row fU ahd™Sn"y e 2.-J? "nlece^f ' mwiS* sfzes^C^o??^ ° n " hl&Ck °"^' Beautiful Stoles and Scarfi for Women from $1.25 to $27.50— The latter a beauti- J&J~2^^-*^ r^^^
y o j may select K-Kuiar $125 value 79c '■ *V 81^)0--MUm«' 8-cla»p lambikln— ful long Isabella fox stole, made from twp skins with tails. \ Ti HlP GOOO*^'
: «» 1 V o* ' " t »t1- ' e"' iu e rt to-morrow— a ■. splendid gift hint; ■ In; tan,7modes.> red. and? brown ana Then * here i is ;fox,'i mink," marten, ;llned^with satin or with squirrel 8 belly.-Anrora, _ ."•■•. ... , , .
Market Street, Near. Sixth, S. F. ' tol ° oro BPiepaia-giit mm. I . <JtTCa lt0 c ,^ ? chinchilla— a- beautiful? line to choose from for chrtstmas giving.- - * . Market Street, Near Sixth,":S." t P.
THE, SAN FRANCISCO; GALL, SUNDAY; DECEMBER 18. ;1904:
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALXTS.