« n . , . THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at fian Francisco for
thirty hour*, ♦nilr.r rr.liir.lrh*. DKtm- j
bcr. 7: ... : . .„.,".. --v •
. San Francisco : and vicinity— Fair
Wedneedar; possibly light froct In
mcrning; lieht nortbeait winds.
... — /
A. O. McADIE,
District Forecaster. '"
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 7.
MRS. CHAD WICK'S
FATE RESTS UPON
WORD OF CARNEGIE
Ironmaster's Denunciation
to Be the Signal for Arrest'
HisConference With Federal
Officials Postponed.
NEW YORK, Dec 6. — Tiye expected did not occur to-night in the
Cbadu-ick case, and all the predictions , proved at fault when at a late
hour it was announced that no conference between Federal officers and
Andrew Carnegie had been held at the latter'* home. This turn was
mrpr&ns, for Carnegie had announced in the course of the day that
he would be clad to receive a Federal officer, and it was supposed that
F. F. Oldham, representing the Comptroller of the Currency, would
meet him to-nicbt and that the question of the notes alleged to have
been given to Ira Reynolds of Cleveland and said to bear the name of
Andrervt Carnegie would be discussed. > As unexpected as the news that
no conlerence was held was the departure of Sirs. Chadwick from the
Holland House, where 6he resided, for the ..New' Amsterdam 'Hotel. She
was accompanied by her son and a maid and took with her. some bag
gage. Secret Service men who have been at the Holland House for sev
eral dafrs followed Mrs. Chadwick. . .- ,._•..
NETS' : YORK, Dec. 6. — Andrew
Squire,' aj Cleveland attorney, repre
senting Ira Reynolds, made the an
nouncement to-night, after several
conferences with Receiver Lyon, | Old
fcam andiothers, that he believed there
■would be no further developments in
the Chadwick case before to-morrow.
He said .that Oldham had returned to
Washington. This announcement was
the fire: indication that there would
jiot be a meeting at Carnegie's home
to-night.
Stories of a possible arrest in the
c:'^e were still current this evening,
but so .far as known no warrant has
yet been issued. It is said that Mrs.
Chadwick's arrest will Immediately
follow Carnegie's statement that the
notes bearing his signature are forg
eries.
Lawyer Carpenter, one of Mrs.
Chadwick's counsel in New York, de
clined to give the results of the num
ercus conferences to-day. Percy W.
Carver, counsel for Herbert D. New
ten, iri an interview said that the
Newton claim had not been paid, and
that np new assurances had been giv
en as lo its payment, and George .W.
Kyall, associated with Carver, gave no
new information besides confirming the
rtui y tnat t»« : trail been-ln tsonierenc*
\vjth Mrs. Chadwick to-day.
It v.as about 10 o'clock to-night
v.-hen Mrs. Chadvrick, -with her son
and maid left an elevator in the Hol
land House and took a cab. She
Vf&Xked slowly and her actions Indi
cated that 6he has not fully recovered.
As soon as Mrs. Chadwick's cab left
the hotel secret service men took oth
er vehicles and drove after her.
At the New Amsterdam Hotel she
was helped into the women's reception
room, where she fainted. After some
five minutes the woman was able to
walk apain, and. clinging to her son,
Fhe went to the elevator and was
shown to a room on the first floor. She
did not register, nor did her son or
the maid.
WOMAN'S ILLNESS IS SERIOUS.
The son and maid carried Mrs.
Chadwick's baggage. The son returned
to the reception room for the baggage
after he had taken his mother to her
room and the secret service men held
him in conversation for some minutes
and th'n let him go. He went back to
his mother. "" .
Shorliy before midnight Mrs.
Chadwick's son went to the public
telephone and called up Dr. Albertus
A. Moore. He asked the physician to
hurry at once to his mother, who, he
Bald, was very 11L Dr. Moore said
later: :■ .' - -
"Mrs. Chadwick is suffering from
nervous prostration, the result of her
removal from the Holland House to
this hotel and being: -followed by se
cret service men and reporters."
One of the hotel clerks said the son
had told him his mother was in a
critical condition. The coach used
by Mrs. Chadwick. her son and the
niaid was driven to Gramercy Park
after leaving: the, party.
ADDS XEW PHASE TO CASE.
The startling admission by Presi
dent Beckwith of the Citizens' Nation
al Bank of Oberlin, Ohio, that he and
Cashier Spear of that bank indorsed
Mrs. Cassie I* Chadwlck's notes to the
amount of $1,250,000 and that the
notes bore what purported to be the
signature of Andrew Carnegie has as
tounded the New York lawyers repre
senting the various interests involved
In a case which becomes more sur
prising with every new revelation.
That President Beckwith's statement
brings to light new and important
phases of the case and brings much
nearer the Inevitable uncovering of
the entire affair is the belief of a ma
jority of the attorneys interested.
Attorney Carver of counsel for Her
bert D. Newton said early to-day that
if President Beckwlth believed that
the Newton loan to Mrs. Cassie L.
Chadwick was based on the so-called
missing $500,000 note he was mis
taken.
"When Newton -loaned the money,"
the attorney said, "he had no security,
whatever except her personal note.
The money was loaned in small
nmounts, until finally new notes were
{riven to cover the total amount
loaned. Newton was shown a note for
$500,000. but I decline to say whose
name apepared on it. He also, was
shown the certificate signed by Ira
Reynolds, to the effect that he had
J 5,000,000 worth of securities belong
inr f» Mr?. Chartwfek. . -.
"When I was brought into the case
the first thing I did after a long con- '
ference in New York with Mrs. Chad- !
wick, was to obtain an assignment of
the securities supposed. to be held by
Reynolds. Further developments de
pend on whether Reynolds actually
holds securities to the amount he cer
tified."
PROOF OF FORGERY LACKING.
A gentleman Intimately connected
•with the Chadwick cace was asked to
night-why Reynolds had come to New
York with Mrs. Chadivick'E securities.
He said that it was for the purpose of j
raising money; so." that a settlement}
might be effected without further legal I
The San Francisco Call.
complication!. As to stories of possi
ble arrests, he said:
"So far, no complainant has ap
peared. If the notes said. to bear the
name of a well-known man are forger
ies they must be so declared, and until
he has seen them nothing can be
done." -.*." ; . - . :
The gentleman was asked If Borne of
ficial of the Oberlln Bank could not be
the complainant. The answer was re
turned: 7»-- -,-. v ♦-..».
"It must be first shown that the bank
has been Bwindled, and until this fact
can be learned matters must move with
exceeding ■ caution."
.From present indications every ef
fort will be n^ade by Mrs. Chadwick's
friends .to-morrow to settle the case.
It was said to-night by one Interested
in her affairs that Mrs. Chadwick has
at the present time much more than
enough to, settle those claims which
have been made up to this time.
Andrew Carnegie said to-d&y that he
had nothing to add to his previous de
nials of the signatures of the notes at
tributed to him.
! REYNOLDS WANTED IX COURT
CLEVELAND, f Ohio. Dec 6.— Had
not Ira Reynolds left the city suddenly
for New York last night he would have
been cited to-day ,;, to..-.' appear ... before
Referee, Remington.' of ? the- United
States District Court, to testify as to
the nature- and value* of the^securitles
which he has:. been credited with:hold
•?S;-_ for : Mrs.. yC. - L.= Chadwick. \ If
Reynolds does not appear within two
or three .days a citation. It . is said,
will.be forwarded to New York and
Reynolds required to give his testimony
there, or wherever he may- be found.
; Receiver Loeser has . secured a re
straining order. of the court preventing
the Elyria Deposit Bank selling or re
moving.. any_of . chattels- of - Mrs
Chadwick from her home here. The
bank holds a chattel mortgage on Mrs.
Chadwick's household effects and re
cently put a- keeper In the Chadwick
homestead. Loeser also has obtained
a temporary injunction against Henry
W.. Wuerst of Elyria. who is said to
hold as eecurlty for a loan a large
quantity _of Mrs. Chadwick's jewels
Reports vary as to the value of the
Jewelry in question. One places their
Vorth.at $50,000, while another says it
is only $10,000. --.'>
BECKWITH BREAKS DOWN.
OBERLIN. Ohio, Dec. 6.— President
C. T. Beckwlth was practically in a
state of collapse to-day as a result of
the trying ordeal through which he
passed yesterday in connection with
his hearing before the United States
commissioner in Cleveland. Beckwith
Is prostrated and his grief is pitiful-
In discussing: his troubles the voice of
the azed banker is choked with emo
ticn. He said. In speaking of the Car
negie note, that if the signatures were
forgeries then the hand of the law
should be laid upon Mrs. Chadwick.
"Why should I stand the brunt of
all this trouble, which has been direct
ly brought about by the acts of thai
woman t" he cried. Continuing Beck
with said:
"I had every reason to believe that
the notes were genuine. Indeed, Mrs.
Chad wick swore they were. She sol
emnly declared that she had seen Mr.
Carnegia write his signature on them.
To confirm this she brought an attor
ney with her, who declared that he
was the legal representative of Mr.
Carnegie and" this attorney, whose
came I cannot now state, declared that
he knew positively that the signatures
were genuine.
"It is true. that we— Mr. Spear and
myself— did indorse the notes, but. of
course, we had no idea that they were
to be. put to the use that they were
afterward. Then, again, we had the
positive assurance of Ira Reynolds,
secretary of the Wade Park Bankinc
Company of Cleveland, that he had the
securities that Mrs. Chadwick claimed
he held. V ; -* -?■
"Oh. my God!" exclaimed the old
man, "If I could only have my life to
live again for the past two years that
I might save my name from this crreat
dishonor that has befallen me."
ILLIXE HIXTS AT FORGERY.
MANSFIELD, Ohio, yDec. 6.-4Mrs.
Cassle ■ It Chadwlck made two or three
visits to Mansfield, called upon Judge
Brucker. president of the Baiik of
Mansfield, and attempted /to negotiate
a loan of " $30,000 - through him. She
alsp called upon the law firm of Cum
mings, McBride & Wolfe and attempted
to retain this firm to secure a S50.000
loan for her. She visited Judge Bruck
er twice within" an Interval of six
months, and* on the second occasion
showed him what purported to be a re
ceipt for a 530.000 fee in a case signed
by Virgil P. Kline, a well-known Cleve
land lawyer. This receipt ; was , exhib
ited by the woman after, "she had . of
fered to retain* Judge Brucker under
a' fee of.JlO.OOO.i
This story was sent out by. the press,
and Judge Brucker Is now In -'receipt
of a letter.from Virgril P.. Kline stating
that he never' signed* a receipt for
$30,000. and if 1 the Chad wick:: woman
.showed one it was a forgery. \ Judge
Brucker, however, reiterates he was
shown one by the , woman. £ - '-'■ :
The letter from 7 Virgil 1 Kline ,to
Brucker says that he had ' some :. leeal
TWENTY PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY; DECEMBER 7, PAGES ll TO 16
MINERS ARE TO MEMORIALIZE
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT.
'"FHE California Miners' Association decided yesterday upon'a course of action that will create more interest than any other transaction in
.* which the organization has been instrumental in years. The burning issues that have arisen by reason of the conflicting interests of the
miners on one side and the farmers of the great valleys of California on the. other, still unsettled after years of controversy, brought to the
front Professor S.B. Christy of the mining department of the University of California with a proposition to appeal to President Roosevelt to
aid the State in pursuance of a plan that was suggested. This' was unanimously adopted.
REFORMERS
ARE READY
FOR REVOLT
Chinese Empire on
le Eve of Rev
olution.
Gairs Correspondent Predicts
Rising Against Manchu
Dynasty.
Movement Is Widespread and Includes
an Anti-Foreigner Propa
ganda.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
H«>rald. Copyright. 1304. by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company. , •
TIENTSIN. Dec. 6.— I have Just com
pleted a journey" through; the- south of
Chili and the north of Honan and
Pha-ntnpg proving &,-*.*. distance of .1C*OO
miles. These sections of North China'
I ffndraje in a state of evident anti
dynastlc unrest, which probably will
culminate in ait uprising against the
Mar.cn us. This uprising will not be
confined to the sections of China men
tioned, but will include a majority of
the eighteen provinces.
This movement is not an ignorant
Boxer fanaticism; it is widespread,
well organized and well armed. Prom
inent and wealthy men are members
of all the northern societies, controlled
by a strong central authority, with
headquarters in South China. They are
In close touch with the Kolac Hui,
head of the present rebellion in
Kwangsi.
The Kolac Hui was organized by
soldiers after the Taiping rebellion as
a patriotic society. It now leads an
anti-dynastic movement and includes
among its members many soldiers from
south of the Yangtse.
Among th©» anti-dynastic grievances
are the indemnity tax and the im
mense enforced contributions to the
imperial army and court in Chili. The
sequestration of temple properties for
public schools is another grievance.
The anti-dynastic movement is nec
essarily anti-foreign. Premature overt
acts are more probable in Honan prov
ince. * •
Strong Government influence is evi
dent in Chili and Shantung. There is
no evidence of Japanese influence, but
the situation is serious for the Chinese
Government under existing conditions.
BIG CHICAGO HOSTELRY ~
TO EMPLOY "BELL GIRLS"
Experiment AVill He Tried by the
Management of the Great
Northern. . ~ \
CHICAGO, Dec. 6. — "Front!" And
with a "swish of skirts a "bell
hop" will stand at the desk in the
Great Northern • Hotel shortly — per
haps.
At least that is the way Manager
Roth thinks things should be in an
up-to-date hotel, and the patrons of
the Great Northern seem greatly
pleased with the first step in that di
rection, taken to-day by the hotel
management. The "bell girls" have
not been installed as yet. but they
soon will be if Roth's experiment of
using girls instead of boys as key
clerks is a success. Two girls have
been installed behind the desk.
"It «s going to have the effect of
keeping our patrons inside the house,"
said Roth, as he stood watching a
crowd of guests scrambling for their
keys. "I like to have a lot of girls
: around anyway — they are so much
I more courteous than boys and seem
to please the traveling public more."
ADVANCES THE FUNDS
FOR WIFE'S ELOPE3IEXT
Iowa Man Foots 'the Bill. When Help
meet Decides to Desert Her
Home.
DES MOINES. Iowa, Dec. 6. — Pres
ton, Jackson County, is stirred up
over the elopement of - Mrs. Amelia
Harris with a youth half her age
named Miller. His family and the
husband of Mrs. Harris have repudi
ated the couple.
Harris admits that his wife confided
in him her intention of eloping with
Miller and says he gave her $600 with
.which . to travel on when he found ■ he
could not dissuade her from her pur
pose. She permitted him to retain
their two young children*.',.
business with Cassie , I* . Chad wick.' but
the fee she paid him .was not $30,000
or anywhere near so large as that. This
is " the first time . the' alleged ■ $30,000 re
ceipt has been ■"• branded :• a ■ f oreery.
and Kline : comes out ..with a flatf ooted
denial throueh Judge -Brucker.
MURDEROUS
DRUGS SOLD
TO THE ILL
Health; Board En
traps Chicago
JJudluiu*
Deadly Substitutes Used in
the Filling ol Pre
scriptions.
One Hundred Prosecutions to Result
From Discoveries by State
Officials. /'{.'
CHICAGO. Dec6.— Out|of;139 decoy
prescriptions sent ,;by ; the f State Board
of Pharmacy to Chicago (druggists : to
be filled, . twenty-three : contained^ no
trace of the drug called i for, r isixtyj-slx
wejce , 80>peJt- ©Ba^JM^^t.en^w.gn| ■' _20
pe'F-'cent'. impure, nine <were 10 • per > c«nt
Impure, and only thirty-one were' pure.
As a result the State Board will pros
ecute 100 druggists for selling impure,
drugs. " * "
Prescriptions signed by Doctor J.
Scott Brown, calling for a mixture of
pure arlstol, were sent to the drug
gists, and when. they were filled chemi
cal tests were conducted by Dr. J. A.
"Wesener of the Columbus Laboratory.
"Druggists can ' have no excuse for
dealing in such spurious drugs," said
Dr. Wesener, "as the: tests are easy.
I have found In my analysis of the pre
scriptions chalk mixed with iron oxide
or jjome other mineral substance used
for aristol, which is an antiseptic used
much by surgeons.
"It is extremely dangerous to Intro
duce mineral substance into I an f open
wound. It is possible this adulterated
drug may have caused numberless
cases of blood poisoning, ,with conse
quent loss of life.
"Many surgeons who have used this
impure aristol in good faith have been
at a "loss to know why wounds have
suppurated.
"Many druggists have been misled
Into purchasing these cheap imitations
of pure aristol by unscrupulous sales
men. In many cases the substitute was
nothing more than fuller's earth."
No responsible wholesale drughouses
have been found selling these spurious
drugs. An effort will be made to learn
the salesmen who have sold the drugs
to the pharmacies.
JOAN OF ARC
CAUSE OF DUEL
Two French Leaders Meet on
Field' of Honor, but No
Harm Comes to Either One
HENDAYE, France, Dec. 6.— M. de
Roulede and M. Jaures. the Socialist
leader in the French Chamber of Demi
tles, fought /a duel with pistols here
to-day. Two shots were exchanged at
twenty-five paces. Neither participant
was hit. \ S
The political prominence of the par
ticipants in the meeting attracted fcreat
interest. The Spanish Government
warned the not to ficht in
Spain, so the 'French Government
lowed M. de Roulede, who is an exile,
twenty-fdur " hours' leave . to enter
France and meet" M. Jaures. The^sec
onds of both parties were prominent
members of the Chamber of Deputies.
Deputy Jaures telegraphed a chal
lenge to Paul de Roulede. a former
Deputy- and founder, of the League lot
Patriots, who has been in political ex
ile in :. Spain since his participation - in
the plot to overthrow the French Gov
ernment. The: challenge grew ; out of
the agitation of the students of Paris,
resulting f ronv the_ alleged insulting re
marks about Joan of Arc made bv> a
professor of history at the Lycee Con
corcet. M. de Roulede telegraphed from
Spain, declaring -that the Socialists
were responsible ' for the - attacks on
Joan of i Arc, : and adding that she -.was
the most sublime; -figure' In history,
whereas 5 M. ; . Juares was 'the most con
temptible ,of . her,- detractors. . . ~
Roosevelt's Pennsylvania Vote.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 6.— The ' of
ficial: canvass^ of ".the 'votes ;cast' in
Pennsylvania "for -'the' 'Presidential
candidates ',: at ithe • last /election gives
Roosevelt a majority of more than
445,160. .. (
Make New Move to SofeGreat Slate Problem
unanimously Adopt irrofessor Christy s Plait
WOMEN GIVE
AID STRONG
MEN REFUSE
Consent to Lose Skin
to Save Victim
of Bums.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Dec. 6.— A re
markable; operation of skin grafting
with heroic incidents has just occurred
at Port Simpson. Three weeks ago a
boiler, explosion. occurred in which one
man was killed outright and a second,
named Findleson, was burned about
the head and shoulders. Three days
ago Dr. Keasan, in charge of the Port
Simpson Hospital, decided that the
only chjince of Findleson's recovery lay
in covering his seared flesh with new
skin. i . ."
The physician issued- an appeal for
volunteers, but not a man of the min
ing town came forward. Several wo
men, however, heard of the circum
stance, and members of the . fair | sex
came in numbers to offer themselves.
In a day and a half one hundred and
forty-four square inches of skin was
grafted. Running out of material
again, Dr. Keegan stripped a piece of
skin frcm his shoulder to his -forearm
and nlaced it in position on the, pa
tient's: flesh.. The'doctor fell in a dead
faint 'from pain and nervous strain
when the operation was completed.
GENERAL -.GARIBALDI
OX HIS DEATHBED
Military . I.eailcr ami Son of tlie Fa
- -' mods '"Italian -.Hero Cannot long
• ■',-' Sarvive. ■ ■ ■> - : v ri
ROME, Dec. C— General Ricciotl
Garibaldi, the last surviving son of
the ! ; Italian hero \and his first ' wife,
Anita] .- is "dyins from nephritis. ;
Garibaldi has been Identified with
several heroic projects, including that
of - assisting ■ the ■■ Greeks against the
Turks- during "the 'war/ of "1397/ the
plans; to free Cuba, to'establish^Italian
colonies '"in^Arfrentina.Hhe 1 /Albanian
Insurrection * and ; the : Macedonian rev
olution. , .
ALQAZAR— "The -. Prof«Mor'» , Lot*
',Sterj." ;
CALIFORNIA— Wert'i Minstrels.
CENTRAL — "Th«' Puburtan."
CHVTES— V»udeYUl«.
FlfeCIIER' S^ViudevIlI*.
GRAND — "In Dahomey."
MAJESTIC— "The " Senator. ~
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. MattaM to
*<Jar/
TIVOLI— "Kins Dodo."
After years of hostility between min
ers and farmers In California, during
which miners have been gloomily con
templating^ . thej -known millions
In treasure Vwhlch "\ ■' they have
been : . * * estopped - . 7f rom ~ ' taking
from 'auriferous '-»;. gravels and
Curing . which '. years' .the farmers
have been .viewing with . apprehension
the', possible • ifurther.' submergence of
their farms by. torrential rivers. Presl-
(tent Roosevelt is to . be , memorialized
to do something that .may ■'. ul t imatelj
solve, .great .and ; seemingly insoluble
difficulties :for the generalgood.
This '.was-: determined 2 upon- by the
California f Miners*rA8*qclation •yester
day.- In convention "assembled, in thii
city. .The suggestion*, came from Pro
fessor Christy. J the , head of the mlnln s
) department of the; University of Cali :
fornia. A ; When he -took his seat, af tei
addressing the ? convention. ; at
length; : - half/a" 1 do2en delegates,' leaden
MEN WHO' WERE PROMINENT IN
THE MINING CONVENTION PRO
CEEDINGS YESTERDAY. £ H-^.'i ' "<
PRINCE ALBERT
VISITS PIUS X
Much- Importance Attached
to . the '• Prussian's'- So
journ '.the^ "Vatican
Srcclal Dispatch to The Call
. ROME. -Dec. 6.— Ecclesiastical circles
attach "much Importance to ;the visit of
Prince Albert of .Prussia -.to JUie-Vati
can torday.- ; The ; Prince was received
with sovereign honors and ' much cere
mony: - -. '.•>-"- • -v-%.', v
." His - visit had f or : its - object , a thor
ough study of the political "attitude of
the Vatican toward : : the .'triple alliance.
It crowns the .efforts -of the Kaiser
to effect. a reconciliation between Vati
can ami QuirinaK ■ It also is calculated
to brUig- tojan/ehd -the, recent' trouble
between the Vatican and Germany, pro
voked tr- the favorable attitude of the
Pope toward - the Polish-Germans.
EMPRESS OF .GERMANY' .: 1 ."
• AXD HER DAUGHTER - ILX.
Members of the 'Itbyal Family" Suffcr
in£'Froni Severe Attack, of. In-
' \'\ : . J Mliie:«2.' "; -' V,
BERLIN, v Deo ./<5.— -The Princess
Victoria.' daughter of _ '. Emperor
and Empress, is suffsrirur from a se
vere /"attack of- lhfluenaa. Wvhich the
Empress'^ also contracted wh'le .nur.
slng the> child: .Her -Majesty - hai
been ;obllced "to cancel : various public
encasements.- ; •_'"."'
THE THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
in the mining industry of California.
were on their feet, moving that the
suggestion be adopted. '
It was unanimously determined that
the convention's committee on resolu
tions should frame the memorial to
the President of the United States.
Professor Christy was added to the
committee on resolutions that hia
counsel and advice might be secured
in drafting the Important paper.
• "Let the California Miners' Asso
ciation." said Professor Ohristv In h!s
words of advice to the convention,
"address a suitable memorial to the
President of the United States, re
questing him. through the Department
of the Interior, to include In his in
vestigation of the storage of waters
and the reclamation of waste lands,
the foothill areas of the Sacramento
and San Joaquin Rivers, now. affected
by deposits from torrential streams,
to devise means whereby the waters
may be stored and floods prevented;
and that, second, the sediment car
ried by these torrential streams may
be diverged and deposited on the waste
lands and removed by natural means
before the waters are discharged Into
the navigable waters of the Sacramen
to and the San Joaquin;. and, further,
that the Investigation be begun at
once and prosecuted with all dispatch
consistent with thoroughness, so that
the fundamental Industries of agricul
ture and mining may be carried on
without Injury to each other or to
navigable waters of the State."
* EXTENDS OLIVE BRAXOH.
This -was the key, as It was the con
clusion to Professor Christy's re
marks as formally prepared, but - ha
followed them up with a messaga of
good will when he said: "I would urfa
upon all classes that this dispute be
tween fanners and miners and all oth
er sectional disputes In California, shall
stop; that the hatchet of dissension
and the - hammer of detraction shall
be burled; and that we all join heart
and hand, and make California what
God intended it to be, the greatest and
noblest State In the Union." "•
Considering Professor Christy's po
sition in the State's greatest educa
tional institution and the fact that
he-is-'the chief Instructor In the ser
vice of the State of California of th«
young men who Intend to make mining
their profession, and also bearing in
mind the extreme acrimony that has
attended a great State controversy for
more than two decades, the Christy
address will be found interesting on
farms and In mining sections alike. '
V At the outset Professor Christy de
clared that the anti-debris people had
killed the goose that-laid the golden
j egg for California. Between 1870 and
1900, he said, the population of .the
Sacramento Valley Increased once and
one- half. The population of the San
Joaquin valley Increased three and
one-sixth times, and the population of
Southern California increased ten and
one-sixth times.' In the same period
the land values in the Sacramento Val
ley increased four and one-half times,
eight times hi the San Joaquin Valley
and In the Southern California coun
ties twenty times. Then he. found
that in the thirty years included In
the mentioned period the farm pro
duce in the Sacramento Valley in
creased once and one-half, in the San
Joaquin Valley twice and one-half and
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.2
IMPORTANT LEGISLATION ASKED
IN NEW BILLS BEFORE CONGRESS
WOULD WEAKEN
SOOTH'S VOICE
Senator Platt to Introduce
Bill Basing Reprcsenta-
tion on Xumber of Votes
WILL CAUSE BIG SPLIT
Measure, It Is Contended,, Is
Designed Only to Carry
Out the Law of the Land
CAM. BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
"^WASHINGTON. Dec. €.— The first of
all the measures aimed at the appor
tioning: of «»ach State's representation
in the Houpe on the actual voting pop
ulation is the bill which Senator T. C.
Platl of New York will introduce to
morrow. Us purposes are to base each
State's representation on the male
voting population, according to the
last of^eial census. By the operation
cf such a measure, should it become a
law, it Ss estimated that sixteen dis
tricts in the South will be affected. It
Will acutely open the whole Southern
question and will arouse bitter antajf
onism in the South.
Senator Plan says that his measure
is aimed at no paiticunlar section of
the country, an-1 will affect all States
alikf. and is a just and fair, basis of
representation in Congress,
'The bill which 1 propose to intro
duce." said the New i'ork' Senator, "is
cuns?rvative in all its. details and
ought to' pass. It embodies the ideas
of the Republican Club of New York,
alihonph ii is not a partisan measure. '
Senator Plait also called attention
to thp fact that his bill will affect the
Northern States, and amons them
Massachusetts. The measure is said
to have a strong backinsr. not only of
the Republican Club of New York but
of important mem-bers of the Union
Leacrue Oub. General Henry E. Tre
main of fScvr York made his campaign
on this question during the Presiden
tial • anva.'s and is interested in this
measure.
The introduction of such a measure
by Senator Piatt will cause some sur
prif»- ir> and out of Congress, since it
■was nut believed any serious effort
would h*> made in the present session
to limit the Southern representation by
an act <«f Congress*.
Th» Crumpacker resolution, provid
ing for an investigation by a seleci
committee appointed by the Speaker
Into the validity of the election laws
of the several fctates and whether the
richt t«. vote is denied ai any election
for President and representatives in
C'ongTPSF ic still pending. Orumpacker
v. ill havp a conference with President
Roqaevctt this week on this question,
iird lat<?r on an effort will be made to
have the resolution brought before th«
House. This, it had ' been expected,
wouM constitute the only serious at
tempt this winter at leducing the
Southern representation.
Senator Platt insists that his bill
conforms to the plank in the Republi
can national platform which favors an
investigation by Congress of this sub
ject, and, after farts are ascertained,
a reduction -of representation in the
several States, according: to the four
teenth amendment to the constitution.
The Republicans contend that in the
Southern states-, where the negro vote
is suppressed, there is a representation
iti Congress entirely out of proportion
to that in other parts of the country,
although, they also say. the national
p!ank and the bill along the lines of
that of Senator Platt does not refer to
the Southern States alone. Several
other States exclude from the elector
ate some cf their citizens by an edu
cational t*st, notably Massachusetts,
Connecticut and California.
HAWAII ASKS FUNDS.
Wants Steps Taken iS eliminate Dis
ease From Island.
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 6.— The esti
mates of the appropriations submitted
for the Territory of Hawaii by Gover
nor Carter and forwarded to Congress
by Secretary Shaw are as follows:
Dredging Honolulu harbor, $250,000; re
funds to Territory, $175,022; Federal
building for Honolulu. $1,000,000: Fed
eral building at Hilo, 5100,000.
As a part of the estimates there is
submitted as an appendix a letter from
the Honolulu Chamber of Commerce
addressed to the Governor, soliciting his
assistance in the matter of making
Honolulu a "clean port" as against
tropical diseases and declaring that to
this end Honolulu should be made dis
ease proof. There also is attached a
letter from the Merchants* Association
of Honolulu calling attention to a se
rious depression in the wholesale and
retail business of Hawaii, the causes
assigned being "the loss of customs
revenue amounting to $5,000,000 during
the four years since annexation."
Bill Promoting Rifle Practice.
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 6.—Represen
tative Hull, chairman of the House
Committee on Military Affairs, to-day
on request of Acting Secretary of War
Oliver introduced a bill to promote rifle
practice. The bill provides for an an
nual appropriation of Jl.000.000.
♦
Introduces Pension Bill.
WASHINGTON. Dec 6.—Representa
tive Roberts of Massachusetts intro
duced a bill to-day providing a pen
sion of (IS a month for the widow of
Union sailors, soldiers and marines.
ApyERTISOfEXTS.
Distress
After Eating
Nausea between meals, belching, vom-
iting, flatulence, fits of nervous head-
ache, pain in the stomach, are all !
symptoms of dyspepsia, and the longer
it is neglected the harder it is to cure it. '
Hood's Sarsaparllla
and Pills
Radically and permanently cure it— |
strengthen and tone the stomach and
ofner digestive organs for the natural
performance of their functions.
Testimonials of remarkable cure* mailed on
INQUIRY INTO
PANAMA ROAD
Resolution Introduced in
Congress Calling for an
Investigation of the Line
NOW OWNED BY AMERICA
Since It Has Passed Into
Nation's Hands, Believed
All Facts Should Come Out
WASHINGTON'. Dec. 6. — Represen
tative Shackelford (D.) of Missouri,
one of the members of the House
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce, who accompanied the
Congressional party on the visit to
Paiiiima, to-day introduced a resolu
tion providing for an inquiry into the
affairs of the Panama Railway Com
pany and a report to Congress. The
resolution is as follows:
Whereas. The United States is now the owner
of more than US per cent of the shares of tli«
capital stock of the Panama Railway Com
pany, and it ia for that reasun expedient that
Congress should have full knowledge of the
affairs of said company; therefore be it
Resolved, That the Committee on Interstate
and Foreign Commerce be and Is hereby di
rected to investigate the ■ operation, manage
ment and condition of said railway company
and all the franchises and property belonging
thereto. Including steamships ownsd, operated
or controlled by it; that eaid committee make
such lnv«-«tigations and report the testimony,
with th>ir conclusions thereon, as soon as pos
sible, and that said committee, or any duly
appointed sub-committee thereof, shall hav«j
power to examine any or all records, bookt,
documents, accounts and vouchers of said
company or of any officer or agent thereof,
or of any other person, company or corpora
tion which may have had any agreement or
relations with said railway company, and all
records and minutes of the acts and proceed
ing* of any meeting of the stockholders or di
rectors of ealil railway company.
The resolution then confers the
usual powers upon the committee to
administer oaths and employ the
necessary clerical help. .
SCOKES "PULI/ 1 IX XAVY.
Morion Says That With Him Merit
Alone Will Count.
WASHINGTON', Dec. 6- — Merit, and
not political influence of official
prestige, should alone .determine as
signments to duty in the navy, in the
opinion of Secretary Morton. The
Secretary to-day addressed a letter to
Superintendent Brownson of the Na^
val Academy, expressing his emphatic
disapproval of the efforts to influence
the department in the assignment . of
midshipmen from the class soon to
be graduated to certain ships. The
letter reads:
The' department has been approached In
various ways.- directly and indirectly, by In
fluences seeking to control the assignment of
midshipmen, singly or in group6, from the
class about to be graduated from the Naval
Academy to certain ships- ■which they or their
frtfnds have been pleased to specify. The de
partment does cot hesitate to express Its dis
approval of the spirit thus evidenced before
even the beginnlne of 8n actlvt career In the
service, which geeks to secure duty in accord
ance with individual preferences rather than
the gocd of the rervice as Interpreted By the
department's order.
The department is of the opinion that "the
young gentlemeS referred to are not fully
aware of the rravlty of the attack made by
§uch request* on the principle involved— that
the Individual exists for the good of the eerv
k-e. net the eervlce for the Individual— and
they should be warned that the department
will regard with disfavor the bringing of any
Influence, official, political or social, seekt^^
to control or divert In their behalf Its orders
to duty.
The Secretary has repeatedly ' re
fused to Intervene in the regular as
signment of officers prepared by
Rear Admiral Converse, chief of the
Bureau of Navigation, and this, he de
clares, will continue to be his policy.
The department has the full support
of the President in its position.
CONGRESS HEARS MESSAGE.
Little Business Transacted In the
Senate and House.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The Senate
was in session for more than two hours
to-day, and in addition to listening to,
the reading of the President's message
received a preliminary report from the
Merchant Marine Commission, wit
nessed the induction of Senators Knox
and Crane into office, and In executive
session referred the Presidential nom
inations to the proper committees. The
session was characterized by an exten
sion of yesterday's greeting .among
Senators. .."'..
•The reading^ of_ the commissions of
the two Senators attracted more at
tention than usual in such cases, on
account of* their prominence, and Sen
ators generally did not fail to note the
peculiar wording of Governor Penny
packer's communication, wherein he
conferred ihe office of Senator upon
Knox, empowering him to hold it with
all emoluments and privileges until the
next, meeting of the Legislature of the
State, '"If he ; shall' bo long, behave
himself well." ' -v
After listening to the reading of the
President's message to Congress, the
House adjourned *. until to-morrow.
During the first ten minutes of the ses
sion two. niinor .routine v" matters were
disposed of. but no other business -was
transacted.' '■ v - . >•'
Just before Speaker Cannon rapped
the HoUse to order an.elderlv man oc
cupying a front seat in the public gal
lery uttered a series of long-drawn-out
whoops. Much commotion was caused
before he was ejected."
-*■ » • -
AID FOR THE MILITIA.
New Bill Calls for One Million Dollars
Annually.
WASHINGTON, Dec' 6.— The War
Department has forwarded to Congress
a draft of a bill, providing for an an
nual appropriation of $1,000,000 for the
purpose ■ of providing arms, ordnance
stores. Quartermaster stores and camp
equipment for the militia and for the
payment of the cost of inspections of
the organized, militia which are re
quired to be made under direction of
the Secretary of War.
SONOMA PEOPLE OBJECT
TO ELECTRIC RAILWAY
Fear It Would Mar* Beauty of Street
and Endanger Lives of the
People. ■ , ;- ■"
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 6.— Mrs. Susie
Lenos and Mrs. Ida'D. Dorman of
Sonoma appeared before the Board of
Supervisors to-<lay and filed a protest
against the granting of an electric
franchise by the board along Broad
way. The protest was , numerous
ly, signed,' and it ivas declared that an
electric road would mar the beauty of
the thoroughfare . and endanger -- the
lives of many people.
I m rj— " - . ■ -- - ■ ■ ..... - (
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1004.
APPOINTMENTS
GO TO SENATE
4»
Long" List of Nominations
Sent by the President
tp -Receive- • Confirmation
INCLUDES CABINET MEN
Changes Made in Consular
Service and Promotions
in the Army and the Navy
\\:ASHIXOTON, Dec. 6. — A large
batch of nominations was sent to the
Senate by the President to-day, many
of them recess appointments, which
included four Cabinet positions, as
follows: '
Attorney General— William H. Moody of
Massachusetts. v
K/fetmasier General — Robert J. Wynne of
Fcnnsylvanla.
Secretary of the Navy— Paul Morton of Illi
nois. ... -. • ■ .
secretary of Commerce and Labor — Victor
H. Metcalf of California.
Important i<ostofnee nominations 6ent to the
Senate include William It. Willcox at New
Virk ana James A. Merritt at Washington,
t>. C.
Other nominations were as follows: '- Pur
chasinc agent for the Postofflce Department —
W. E. Cockran of Kansas.
Minister Resident and Consul General —
Thomas C. Dawson of Iowa to Santo Do
mingo; second secretary of the embassy of the
United States— Robert \V. Bliss of J»ew York,
at .St. Petersburg; third secretary of the em
bassy of the United States — FrancU C. Lan
den, New York, at Berlin; secretary of lega
tion and Consul-General — Montgomery Schuy
ler Jr. of New York, at Bangkok, Slam; sec
retary or legation — William Blumenth&l of
New York, at Usbon, Portugal; Charles Rich
ardson of Massachusetts at Rio de Janeiro.
Brazil.
IX CONSULAR SERVICE.
Consuls General — Frank Dyer. Chester>
Mass., at Budapest, Hungary : Hezeklah Gad
der. North Carolina, at Panama; Julius G.
l*ai; District of Columbia, at Canton, China;
Henry D. Miller of Oregon, at Xewchwang,
CMna; Daniel Mayer, West Virginia, at Bue
nos Ay res; Benjamin H. Ridgeley, Kentucky,
at Barcelona, Spain; William E. Wright,
Pennsylvania, at Munich. Bavaria.
Among' the nominations were those
of a large number o f postmasters, in
cluding many recess appointments.
The original apDointments include the
following: . ■*
California— Hiram H. Richmond at Auburn.
Milliam J. Kilty at Coaiinga, Cora B. Wal«s
at Colfax. Joseph Smith at Dowrcy, John M.
.loiley at Oceanside, George A. Griffin at Tuol-
U!nnc; luaho — Kdna H. Madden at Burke,
Julia A. Garber at Grangeville: Nevada — Sam
uel J. Anderson at Wlnnemiicca: Oregon—
August H. E:nder at Myrtle Point; Utah —
Jam.'.- C. Love at Provo. late Provo City;
AVaslilngton — Velasco J. Knapp at Anacortes,
Rosslter K. Towle at Newport; Wyoming —
Frederick K. Davis at Wheatland.
To be Consuls— William E. Alger, Massa
chusetts, at Tegucigalpa Honduras; Leo Burg
liolz. New York, at Dawson Clfy, Yukon Ter
niory; Frank &. Hannah, Illinois, at Magd?
burg, Gtrmany; George H.Moulton. Colorado,
at Georgetown. Demerara, Guiana: Oscar
Malmres, Minnesota, at Colon. Panama.
TERRITORIAL, JUDGES.
Associate Justice' of thf Supreme Court of
the Philippine ..Islands — Adams Carson, Vir
ginia; '! Judge 'of District Court, District of
Alaska/First diVis'on, Royal A. Gunnlson of
New York.
■ Superintendent of the Mint— Frank- M.
Downer, Denver; assayer of the Mint — Arthur
H. Hodgson. Denver; melter and refiner of the
Mint — Joicph W. Milaom, Denver. * - -*
- To be Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court for the Territory of Nqw Mexico — Ed
ward A. Mann of Xew Mexico; ta be Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the Territory
of Hawaii— Waiter F. Frear of Hawaii; to be
Associate Justices of the Suprenve Court for the
Territory of Hawaii — Alfred S. Harvwell of
Hawaii. Francis M. Hatch of Hawaii; to be
Judges of the Circuit Court of Hawaii — John
A. Matthewman ol Hawaii, Third circuit:
Charles F. Pareons of HawaiC Fourth circuit;
Jacob Hardy of Hawaii. Fifth circuit.
United States Attorneys — Henry M. Hoyt.
California, for the District of Alaska, division
No. 2; Norman M. Quick, Idaho, -.District of
Idaho.
Marshals— Rober^ G. Rimmon, District of
Nevada.
Commissioner of Indian Affaira — Francis E.
Leupp. District of Columbia.
Governor of Alaska — John G. Hraiy, Alaska;
Surveyor General of Alaska — Willlain L. Jus
tin. Illinois.
Agents for the ■ Indiana— Kiimui-1 Ufi-lotv.
Montana. Klathtad Agency. Montana: Frork
Frantz, •Oklahoma. Osase A;s*ncy, Ol:lalicn;a.
Keglsters of Land Office? — ltooert N. r.'unn,
at Cciur d'AUne, Idaho; Hlctt 1. Morgan,
Woodward. Oklahoma. • .
Receiver of i'uullc Moneys — Sidney R Dc
long, at Tuscon, A. '£.', Julius l£. Wclfs at
D^l Norte, Colo. . ' . ..
IX ARMY AND NAVY.
' The nominations included a large
number of army promotions, among
which were the following to be brig
adier generals: /
Colonel Albert Mills, Mioe.-ini<»n'lent r{ the
United States Military Acalsmy; l.'oiorx I H«-nry
C. Dunwoody, Signal Corps; MeutetlQUt Col
onel Peter Leary Jr., Artillery Corps- Lleu
tenant Colonel Samuel I/. Woodwjrd, i-Vvonth
Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel John McK. Hyde,
deputy quartermaster Rencril; Col'tnol Oscar
F. Ivins, deputy quartermaster p<raeralj >lnjcr
Theodore A. Ulngliam. . Corps of Kn.-j'.ncers;
Colonel Constant Wlllla-ns, WJta1y»«lxth In
fantry.
In the naval promotions these were
nominated"* to be rear admirals:
Captain William P. Captain Francis
\\". Dicklns, Captain George V. K. \VUde, Cap
tain Charles H. Davis Ca^ta'.n CherlAI J.
Train, ■ Captain George w. Pi)?tian and Captain
George A. Converse.
William Anwln and Wilton E. Lando,
both of California, were appointed as
sistant surgeons in the navy.
OFFERKI) POST AT HEAD
OF THE PENSION* OFFICE
Major Warner of Missouri Declines,
However, as Hte Eyes Are ; vi : ;
on Senatorship.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— -Major
William* Warner of Kansas City, Unit
ed States District Attorney for the
Western District of Missouri, has
been offered the office of Commissioner
of .Pensions and has declined. , The
place will be made vacant by the.re- ;
tirement of Eugene Ware of Kansas,
whose resignation will take effect Jan
uary 1. '
• Major Warner was strongly . in
dorsed for the pension commissioner
6hip by his G. A. R. comrades, but
did not desire the appointment.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 6. — Major Wil
liam Warner, in a dispatch from
Washington to-day, announced' his
candidacy for the office of ' United
States senator, to succeed Senator
Cockrell.
FREE " FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
'■■■ A' ■':■ " •'■'■. v
BEAUTIFUL , i
CHINA
SOUVENIR . TUMBLER
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Free With Every Small Ad in
. . Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
.. .-.. Particulars. - .
BURTON GETS
NO WHITEWASH
Government Contends for the
Guilt an\(l I'liiiishment of
the Senator From Kansas
WITH SUPREME COURT
Use of "Influence" of This
Type" by: federal Officials
Is Strong^' Denounced
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The supple
mental brief of the Government in the
case of Senator > Burton of Kansas
was filed in the Supreme Court of the
United- -States to-day. It contends
strongly for the guilt of the defendant,
although it Is admitted that the Sen
ator's course in support of the inter
ests of his client,: the Rialto Company,
was not always clear. •» Speaking of the
use of political influence In the depart
ments, the brief says that it is effec
tive, and adds:
Mr. Burton's ; traces were well covered. His
associates, on behalf of himself and his client,
niade a fair showing:, . but he held up the in
vestigation because he was a Senator, and not
merely because \ he was a general counsel of
the Rial to Company; and the portion of the
Judges' charge animadverted on at bar were
perfectly accurate and Just. If not, the most
dangerous evil In this entire situation, viz.,
that Intangible, subtle and insidious thing,
■'Influence." can never be reached even where
the receint of compensation is plainly shown.
On the point of punishment, it Is
remarked:
Because a man of his caliber occupies a
high position and the sting of the Infamy may
thereforo be more bitter to him ,1b tio reason
for sayinz that that part of the punishment
should Increase the grade of the offense and
enlarge his protection and rights any more
than If the case put the same stigrma upon a
poor wretch who never held office and could
never expect to. - „ -
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes In Postal Service in Califoir-
nla — Patents Issued to Residents
of the State.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— The post
offices at Alcatraz, Calexico, Coachella,
Inverness, Lamoines, Inadeline, Napa
Junction, San Martin, Sherwood, Sul
tana, San Anselmo. Nlcasio, Pied
mont. Weed, Watts and Wawona. in
California, will' become . domestic
money order offices January 3. The
postofflce at Workman, Los Angeles
County, is discontinued, to be super
seded by rural free delivery. Star
service has been established between
Valdez and Eagle City, Alaska, leaving
Valdez on the 4th and 18th of each
month. John Kelly of San Francisco
haslbeen appointed assistant engineer
on the steamship. General Milllin, at
San iFranclsco. ; '■'..'
': . Patents Tvere issued to-day to Cali
fornians as fojlfcws: ;^.
" G.'* A^'Alddch, feart Francisco, Impulsive
steam Engine: H. fi. Clark, San Francisco,
two, automatic belt • tightener; • A. . J. Collar.
Yreka* means for operating water gates; Gus
Gumont.and J. Zutesman, Los Angeles, non-
I'fiillablc cigar package; J. Ernhart, Santa
Paula, pruning Implement; Thomas R. Gath.
Ban Francisco, centrifugal pump; Robert R.
Hall,. San Francisco, eyeglass; Sam H. Kltch
iner, Stockton, device for the prevention of
railway hold-ups; E. G. Lundquist, Los An
geles (assignor of two,-thlrd6 to H. H. and
W. A. Hall), tobacco pouch; A. 1». Malone,
San Francisco, coupling; Omara A. Mann, Oil
Center, sucker rod grab: Charles Payne, Los
Angeles, combination pencil sharpener and
eraser; F. H. Reed. Claremont. dam: Ed J.
Otter, -Ban Diego, garment supporting and
locking device; B. '.V. Salmon, French Camp,
thresher; Frank Soler, San Bernardino, grease
cup; Charles Stern (assignor to Stern Bros.),
San Diego, eparking device for International
combustion engine; E.-A. Stlckney, Sacra
mento, automatic adjustable epacing rack; J.
Strine. ■ Downey, grocery bin: Warren L. Ves
tal, Radlands. fence post; J. Williams,- Oak
land (assignor to Security Coin Box Company,
San Francisco), coin box.
BARS WILL NOT COME DOYVX.
New Chinese Trenty Will Take Some
Time to Complete. ;
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— The new-
Chinese exclusion treaty, which Secre
tary Hay and Sir Chen Tung Liang
Cheng, the Chinese Minister, are nego
tiating, presents a serious and tedious
task. When the negotiations were be
gun some time ago It was with the
hope, though hardly with the expecta
tion, that the treaty- could be signed in
time to be sent to the Senate at the
opening of Congress. If the treaty
reaches- Congress -before -the close of
the present session; the negotiators
will feel that their work progressed
rapidly.
To safeguard the country even more
adequately than does the present
treaty - against the- Immigration of
Chinese laborers of any class and to
alleviate as far as can safely be done
the alleged hardships which even the
best people of China are forced to un
dergo at the gateways of this country,
"are two results which it is hoped may
be obtained by the new, treaty. It Is
statel on authority that there is no
foundation for the statement that, the
new treaty; is designed to let down the
bars against indiscriminate Chinese
immigration. ".:;
Arniy and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— Under or
ders' of the War Department the fol
lowing'named; surgeons are relieved
from duty In the Philippine Islands, to
take effect on the dates set opposite
their respective names, and will then
proceed by. the first available transport
to San Francisco and upon arrival re
port'by telegraph to the military sec
retary of the army for further or
defs: 4 i ,
Major John M. Banister, March 21;
Major H. I. Redmond, March 21: Major
A. E. Brady, April 21: Major Charles
Richard,* May 12; Major R. J.' Gibson,
May 12; Major P. R. Egan, May 19,
1905. : ,
Sergeant William Hinman of the
Signal Corps at Governors Island, N.
Y., will be sent to Benlcia barracks,
with a- viewj to duty in the Philippine
Islands. Leave . of absence, granted
First Lieutenant G.'Winterburn.of the
Eighth Cavalry of ' the Department of
California, is extended twenty-five
days. I H«*1fS3
' Orders to naval officers — Assistant
Naval Constructor, H.T. "Wright is de
tached I from the navy yard at Puget
Sound, December 20, 1904, to the Union
Iron v Works, San Francisco, , as as
sistant to the • superintendent con
structor.
Headaches TFrom Colds.
LAXATIVE ; BROMO QUININE removes the
cause. ,'Tocfit ithc f;tntii''' v .''-nirfor fullnam*
and look for Flrnaturp <-f P. .W. • Grove. '■, 25c. •
• TAX COLLECTIONS" Oakland Dec. 0.'—
The amount. collected on the first Installment
of municipal* taxts was - f 328,0»« (14 : " on second
Installments. ?Hl.4fW 23;. delinquency on 'ttrat
Inutnllment. tl!>.~2& R2. '<i '-■■'. "
niNINQ HEN WILL • •
SEND Av-MEMORIAL •
' -. ,TO THE PRESIDENT
Continued from Pa^c 1. Column 7.
In Southern California twelve times.
Speaking further, the professor said:
■.What is the reason for the lack of progress
in the northern part of the State? Governor
Paniee, whose statistics I have quoted, attrib
utes it to lack of irrigation. Human nature is
the frame that it was 2500 years «go. The au
thor tWio wrote Aesop's Fables told of the. kill
ing of the goose that laid the golden egg. In
California the Anti-Debris Association killed
the goose of the golden egg.
In the period between liriS and 18S", thirty
five years. California had an average annual
gold output of $31,000,000, or $100,100 for each
working day. This came not all. but mostly,
from hydraulic mining. Marysvllleand Sacra
mento were benefited in the aays of the argo
nauts. They were two of tho business and in
tellectual centers of the State. They had gold
for their farm products. The Anti-Debris As
sociaticn killed the goose and the hydraulic
miner and the farmer • were involved in the
common ruin.
MILLION'S ARE LOST.
Professor Christy called attention to
the fact that in 1885 the investment
In the hydraulic mining properties of
the State amounted to $100,000,000..
This value was destroyed. The energy
of the hydraulic miner was and is the
admiration of the. world. He con
structed mountain i - eseVvoirs and also
mountain- ditches and pipe lines that
were miles long. Now the argonauts,
old and broken, sit by their ruined
cabins and gaze &n the wrecks of their
ruined hopes. They could have had
fortune in their grasp by breaking the
knv, by running a monitor by night.
With few exceptions the hydraulic
miner has respected the law that
ruined him.
Professor Christy paid some atten
tion to the decisions by Judge Lorenzo
Sawyer and declared that they rested
on an incomplete knowledge of geo
logic laws and of the forces or na
ture. In part Professor Christy's re
marks in this regard were as follows: ■
Judge Sawyer's decisions, as strictly Inter
preted, result in a deadlock between the farm
ers and the miners. The anti -debris slogan is,
"All kinds of mining- lock alike to me!" The
growth of Northern California has been para
lyzed. The situation has taken on all the bit
terness of a religious wa.r. When anything
goes wrong In the valley It la attributed to the
hydraulic miners.
Erosion Is a natural and universal process.
There were recently great washouts on the
lines of the Southern Pacific Company and ot
the Santa Fe. Trains were detained In Texas,
New/ Mexico and Arizona. There is no hy
draulic mining to be called to account In those
Instances. In the mouths of mountain gorges,
everywhere, are fan-shaped cones, consisting:
of discharged sediment, etc., hundreds
of feet deep, covering from five to twenty-five
square miles at the mouths of torrential
i" '-earn?. Hydraulic mining has no part in
tbla.
All rivers coming from mountains to a flat
country deposit sediment In their' beds and fill
up their beds between the lowlands. They
run, often, twenty and even more feet above
the lowlands In their borders. This Is true
of the Sacramento River and also of the Mis
sissippi and the Po, along which last named
two no hydraulic mining takes place. The del
tas and bars at their mouths are formed simi
larly.
Professor Christy then went on to
speak of what happens wnen rivers
are permitted to follow their natural
bent and said in part:
JUDGE- IS 3HSTAKEN.
If left to itself a river tends to correct this
In flood times by overflowing Its banks and de
positing fresh soil upon the adjacent lowlands.
How little Judge. Sawyer and Colonel Mendill
appreciated this fact! In a decision Judge
Sawyer said:
"The evils resulting from occasional overflow
or pure water, or water deteriorated only by
natural erosion and causes and which leave
no deleterious sediment behind to permanently
destroy the land, are trifling compared with
those resulting from the enormous amount
from hyaraulic mining.".
Ask the managers of the Southern Pacific
and the Santa Fe what they think of' this
statement. In a decision of January 7, ftt84.
Judge Sawyer, quoting Colonel . Mendell, says:
••The preservation of river beds and routes of
drainage requires that effective restraint be
imposed upon mining detritus. Otherwise the
drainage lines may be expected to suffer the
fate which overtook their prototypes, the Plio
cene rivers, which were obliterated by enor
mous deposits brought down by their own cur
rents."
Here are the bane and the antidote. Did
Judge Sawyer and Colonel Mendell charge the
hydraulic miners with filling up the Pliocene
rivers? If not, is the existence of 300 feet of
gTavel an answer to tho charge that the hy
draulic miner is the culprit? ,
Professor Christy then read a state
ment that he had prepared from dat|i
supplied by Geologists Chamberlain
and Salisbury, who have recently is
sued a work on geology from the Uni
versity of Chicago, which showed the
annual deposits of sediment due to ero
sion to be as follows in a number of
rivers, per square mile: Potomac, 4;
Mississippi, 214.4; Rio Grande. 2.8; Uru
guay, 10.6; Rhone, 31.1; Pg, 59; Danube,
93.2; Nile,, 3S.8; Irawaddy, 209. These
figures do not Include the great cones
in torrential streams.
There were no figures relating to Cal
ifornia'in .the publication referred to,
but, taking the same proportion, Pro
fessor Christy found that the Sacra
mento River deposits in sediment by
erosion annually 10.56 feet to the square
n?ile, and that, in fifty-five years, since
1S49, the Sacramento River has depos
ited, in sediment by erosion 580.8' feet
to the square mile. Engineers variously
estimate the area destroyed by hydrau
lic mining at twenty-five miles, five to
ten feet deep. "The figures show," re
marked Professor Christy, "that at the
same rate per square mile of the water
shed of the MississipDi River, the Sac
ramento and San Joaquin rivers would
have dctroyed with sand and mud fifty
eight square miles, ten. feet deep, or
116 square miles, five feet deep."
LAW IS DOUBLE EDGED.
Another quotation from one of Judge
Sawyer's decisions was given and Pro
fessor Christy said regarding ( it and its
consequences:
Restraining hydraulic miners from dlncha'rg
lng bowlders, travel, sand, detritus, clay or
other material In suspension, if taken literally,
would close down not only the business of
every hydraulic miner, but every gold dredger,
drift, quartz and other mine in thi« State;
also every cattle, • sheep and hog ranch and
farm in Californta that, dischargee muddy wa
ter. ' . The Anti-Debris Asaociatlon has been
interpreting the letter ' of tho law. How
would ' the anti-debris people - like a dose of
the same mud?
The human agencies that augment erosion
and injure the navigable waters of the State
include the cutting of \ roads and railways,
cutting of timber, forest - flree, cattle, eheep
and hogs, plowing ' and tilling the soil, liy
draulic and other kind* of mining where tail
ing* Hre not restrained, ' building of levee? and
reclamation of tide and overflowed- lands, the
Oakland, Alameda- and Key Route moles.
"Shall all these industries cease?"
asked Professor Christy. "Literally ap
plied, Judge Sawyer's decision would
stop f armi n g as well as mining : and
anti-farming associations could appeal
to it to stop plowing and cattle raising;
spies could show that clay or .other
substance was discharged by these op
erations into the navigable waters of
the State." , -.
An editorial that appeared In The
San Francisco Call on November 23
was praised for Its clear showing con
cerning erosions. ,
: Rufus P. Jennings was quoted by the
speaker as saying that the river im
provement movers have no intention to
interfere. with the interests of the min
ors. "This," said Professor Christy, "is
too" Important to trust to chance."
;^Those(who are 'interested in the riv
ers and' other $ navigable waters of the
State '.were mentioned as follows: ■> The
miners; in^the;. mountains" farmers in
the 'valley,', the mercantile interests of
San Francisco, the United States Navy
Yard:"at Mare Island, i,not only the peo
ple of California, but also.the whole
United States, depending on San Fran
ciscoBay as a naval center.on.the Pa
,cific " Ocean r.-f : ereat , strategic . impor
tance.' ; Figures had been supplied by
Prnfpssor '■, Davidson from; th*> ciiam
survey* chart of 1900, and these were
quoted.
NAVIGATION' IX DANGER.
The area of San Francisco Bay is 301
square miles, and that of San Pablo
Bay 122 square miles. There are but
100 square miles that have a depth of
four feet of water, eighty-three square
miles in San Francisco Bay and sev
enteen square miles in San Pablo Bay.
Deeper draft vessels are built yearly. The
bay may be Injured for purposes of deep sea
navigation long before It is filled up. Mare
Island Navy-yard Is of great importance to
the Government in time of war and peace. It
must not be filled up -by the scouring of ths
Sacramento River. Great stretches of bay
are already useless. Our river problem differ*
from that of the Mississippi in several Im
portant points. Our rainfall ia concentrated
into a few short months. The flow varies
from one to ten times in the same year. Tho
carrying of sediment varies from one to 10OO
times. Our rivers are fed directly by torren
tial streams. Unless natural and artificial
sediment are kept from the rivers the levees
will simply convey this sediment through the
rivers, whose beds will rise and will-continue
to rise. The levees must be constantly built
higher «r.d the sediment will finally mi the
bay of San Francisco.
'"What must be done.?" was asked;,
and the answer was given as follows:
1. Equalize the flow by building storage
reservoirs in the mountains as the hydraulic
miners did, for water for power, mining and
irrigation, and so reduce the floods to a
minimum.
~. Restrain all gravel, grit, etc.. by causing
torrential ftreamj to deposit their burden on
waste lands near the foothills, thus making
tillable lands of the waste lands, and dis
cnarse the clear water to the rivers.
3. Levees may at first be needed to render
the stream navigable at low water, but flood
gateo should be provided to flood the Iowland3
and gradually build up the lowlands with
fresh soil. AVe already hear that valley lands
are becoming exhausted. The game experience
belongs to the Nile, where the new system
of irrigation to clear the water has replaced
the, old flooding system In muddy wa
ter. The old Egyptians learned th« fructi
fying value of the # Ted Nile mud."
The first and most vital measure la to re
move the sediment from the torrential streams
before they enter the navigable streams, by
depositing 1 them on waste lands. If this la
done hydraulic mining may bo on without
injury to other Interests. If thl.x Is not done,
even If hydraulic mining is stopped forever,
the buildln? of levees Js worse than useless,
for It only insure- the conveyance of sediment
into the bay of San Francisco. If this Is done
little else la necessary.
DUTY OF GOVERNMENT.
George J. Specht was quoted to the
effect that the . mountain streams of
Europe, where there Is no hydraulic
mining, have wrought the same de
struction as has been causd at Marys
ville, only worse, for whole villages
have been destroyed by sand and
gravel. The following was said con
cerning the duty of the Federal Gov
ernment in the premises:
A detailed topographic study of the foothill
and valley region to necessary. The Ameri
can Union owes its existence to the hydraulic
miner. The United States courts abolished
this Industry and destroyed the earning power
of the hydraulic miner. Millions lie waiting
his manacled fnslnes. Does not the Govern
ment owe a debt to him? If all sediment,
natural and artificial, can be kept out of the
rivers hydraulic mining can be resumed not
only without injury to the farmer but to his
benefit. This Is a geological problem. It can
be settled only by able and experienced geol
ogists, not on a snap judgment, but after
careful, detailed (study of all the facts.
Congress has already put at the disposition
of the director of the United States Geological
Survey a large rotating fund to be used in
the study of Just such questions as this.
Hence, from these premises, Profes- '
sor Christy advised the California j
Miners' Association to memorialize the :
President of the United States to aid. |
The convened miners followed Profes
sor Christy's reasoning closely and ap- j
plauded him lustily when he concluded
his advice. Last evening the commit
tee on resolutions met and probably a
draft of the memorial to which great
importance Is attached will be sub
mitted to the convention- this morning:
In addition to the proceedings" that
led up to the adoption of the Dlan of
memorializing President Roosevelt, the
miners listened yesterday to instruc- i
tive addresses by L. J. Hohl concern- i
ingr gold dredging and Thomas W. Leg
gett relative to the diamond and gold
mines of South Africa. Yesterday aft
ernoon the miners went about the bay
and visited the Union Iron Works.
PLACES HOPE
IN NEW PACT
LONDON, Dec. 6.— In discussing the
prospects of the Anglo-American arbi
tration treaty, Sir Thomas Barclay,
who has been prominently identified
with the work of promoting amity be
tween the said to-day:
It is quite possible that the treaty under
consideration will be more far-reaching than
the Anglo-French treaty. The treaty of 1897
provided for the settlement of all difficulties
between Great Britain and the United States
without exception by arbitration. It need
hardly.be expected that the new treaty will
be in exactly the fame tfcrms as that signed
by the late Lord Pauncefote and Secretary Ol
ney, but it is most desirable that a treaty be
tween peoples speaking the same language and
having practically the same form of proce
dure should go a step further than the Anglo-
French treaty.
A good loan from the treaty of 1S97 would
be the clause providing that If one of the
parties raises the objection .that national honor
or vital interest is Involved, the arbitrators
f-heukl consist of an equal number of the na
tionality of the parties involved, and that if
the decision is given by a bare majority it
should become final -. If . not protested within
three rnonths. The reference to arbitration of
the Alaskan question showed that some such
clause Is quite workable.
The treaty of ISO" was defeated by twenty
six Senators, many of ■ whom were influenced,
by Michael Davltt to believe that such a
treaty would delay the solution of home rule
for Ireland. To-day no one can possibly couple
the question of home rule with the question of
adopting peaceful business-like methods for
dealings with international difficulties. If the
majority of the United States Senate should
thwart the progress of arbitration to-day when
all minds ot men are shocked by horrors of
war in the Far East, and when all realize
how Indispensable it is to promote pacific
methods for the settlement of difficulties be
tween nations, there would be an outcry
throughout the world and the Senate would be
disgraced In the eyes of all mankind.
I know positively that several Senators who
voted against the treaty of 1S97 will now
vote for the treaty of arbitration. I would
cite the case of Senator Morgan of Alabama
who tcld me he had altered his views since
J807. I am perfectly sure that Senators
Money and Bacon are now good friends of the
treaty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Exclnsiye productions in
Gentlemen's HaMasli-
ery and ClotMng.
■T&e latest iiportaHons of
• .T. B. Q. hand-mats Clothing
I await correct dressers' in-
-■' section.-
B2 Z Market &t
.(WHITE. BUILDING)
STARVED TO DEATH.
Our text to-day Is the story of thm
miser who taught his ass to' live on
straw, of which he gave him a smaller
portion every day.
Just as the miser had got him so
trained as to eat one straw a day — tho
poor ass died.
He is an ass who starves himself to
death — as thousands are doing:, misled
by foolish teachers — because their
stomachs have become too weak,
through neglect or disease, to do- the
work which nature has provided for
their stomachs to do.
Because the engine is out -of gear,
would you consign it to the Junk heap?
"Why, no-! Mend it! ,
Commit slow suicide because your di-
gestive organs leak?
Certainly not! Take Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets.
One thing is sure as shooting.
You can never get a new stomach.
You must mend it, or it will lead you
a miserable existence.
The only way to mend it is to take
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
This has been practically and scien-
tifically demonstrated t>y the many
thousands whom Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets have positively cured, after
every other treatment of medicine, min-
eral waters, pills and slow, • suicidal
starvation had failed.
These methods :-re all unscientific*—
therefore false.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are scien-
tific — therefore true, and successful.
' Having cured so many thousands —
many of whom doubtless ha,ve suffered
more than you do— do we claim too
much when we say that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets will surely do good to
you?
Surely not.
Especially when we make it plain
that no promise is made to cure more
than -one disease — Dyspepsia.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a
positive cure for just thte cne disease.
They are a scientific combination of
ingredients -which search out the weak
spots in all the digestive organs and
them make strong and well.
y They have an immediate digestive ac-
tion on undigested food, and thus,
v.hile curing we ': organs, they at the
same time help them to do their work.
They thus stand for all that 13 good
in the medical t atment of Dyspepsia,
and for nothing that is bad. r
They are not a fad but a. iact.
They .re safe, pleasant* certain and
permanent, and can be taken by the
most delicate invalids without fear of
harmful results.
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that is to let it alone. If you try
any other way it will get the best of
you. If you can't let it alone you need
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
na cures the liquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting th«
system in its natural condition, wber*
liquor is' not needed to help the machin-
ery of the body to do its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure in three
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatment
is absolutely safe and cannot harm the
most delicate constitution. TVby wasta
time and money In drinking ! whisky
when you can be curort of the liquor
habit in three days witji no chance of
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think it over and call or write Dr. Mc-
Kanna for full information. Address 14
Geary street. San Francisco. CaL Phone
1037 Main.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
of the:
HAMBURG BREMEN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. IK THE EMPIRE OF GER-
many. on the 'Slst day of December. A. D.
1903, and for tha year ending on that day. a*
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tii*
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of Sections 610 and 611 of th« Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner, ■■■-"^r
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. \\i. 622, (MS "M
Cash In Banks .. 88.477 S»
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 153.654 31
Total Assets ..$1,834.177 05
LIABILITIES. -.-TT *
Losses adjusted and unpaid J IS. 143 C*
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense .'. -. 68,935 0«
Losses resisted. Including expense*. 17,500 00
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,301.-
138 S3; reinsurance 50 per cent. 650,579 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- • • y
nir.s more than cne year. $1.23U.-
\iH 83; reinsurance pro rata. 642.303 88
Total Liabilities $1397.483 23
KCOME. .<•
Net cash actually received for
Klre premiums $1, 637.431 2f
Received for interest aad dividend*
on Bonds, Stocks. Loaca and
from all other sources 5-1370 «4
Total Income $1,730,001 ••
• EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $7S,374 18, losses . of '
previous years) $S8S,UB 9%
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokeracs 353.710 5t
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, eto. 131.231 fll
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes % 83.913 01
All other payments and expendl- - ■ - *-
- tures > 106. P.ft* 53
Total Expenditures .£1.438 76S S3
, - • ■ . Str».
Losses Incurred during the year... $830.253 93
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*,"
Net amount of Risks
written durinc the
year ............ $143,436,017 12.048.231 »
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ■■ 133,792.401 1.. 13 1. 331 94
Net amount In force
December 31. 1903. 137.674.633 2.537.3C8 »t
F. O. AKFKLD. V. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, tills
23d day of January. 1004.
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS. . »
Commissioner of Deeds for California in New
York.
RUDOLPH HEROLD Jr., General Agent.
HARRY C. BOYD, Ass't Gen*! Agent.
415 CALIFORNIA ST.,
San Francisco, Cal.-
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.;
Catalogue and Price List* Mailed
on Application.
PSESH ASS 8AZ.T MEATS.
I AC j I, V'fV *• I'A S hipping Butchers. 108
ifl». miC3 S \A\ clay. Tel. Main 1234.
MAKY BOO7S AUTD MCYItXa:SIT3. .
All kind* repaired. Globe Sb^et- Metal Worlut
117C-H73 Mlrslon st. Phone Main JWG1.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LKONARD & ELMS"
41S Front 8t.. S. F. 1'hone Main 171U.
PRIJITI1IQ.
F C HlIfiKFS PRINTER.
r. V. illUlUES, 511 Sanaomt, at!. S F.
THE WEEKLY CALLNEEDS OF GROWERS
ARE DISCUSSED BY
THE MEN WHO KNOW
Orchardists Meet am Qardee City
Wonderful Resources of the Golden State Are
Told Of in Able Papers by Tillers
of the Soil.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JCSE, Dec 6. — The thirteenth
annual convention of the California
Fruit Gravers began its sessions at
the Unitarian Church this morning.
About two hundred of the leading fruit
and vine cen and those interested in
the auxiliary branches of the industry
were present when Ellwood Cooper,
chairman of the State Horticultural
Commlssbn, called the meeting to or
der. Tht convention promises to be
of much benefit to the fruit industry,
and fot tie next three days all phases
«f growng; packing, shipping and
marketiig of fruit will be discussed.
The fortxnost men in the science of
horticulture and agriculture will read
papers ujon the subjects and these
•will be dfceussed by those in attend
ance. Tht convention is held under
the auspic<s of the State Horticultural
CommisFioi.
After Chiirman Ellwood had called
Hit conversion to order Rev. Anthony
Mills, paster of the Unitarian Church.
olTered an Invocation. and Mayor
"Wcrswick delivered an address of wel
come on bexalf of the city.
Governor Pardee was to have de
livered an address but he failed to
appear, bekg prevented, as was stated
in a telegram from the Governor, by
Illness.
PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS.
President Ellwood Cooper then read
his opening address. The object of
this convertion. he said, is to better
organize the fruit gTowers in order
that they nay realize a fair compen
sation for tieir expenditure and labor.
One cf th« most important subjects
to come before the convention, he
said, is thtt of finding a market for
their prodicts.
"I need cot call your attention to
the present demoralized condition of
the prune, raisin and orange growers,
and the dned fruit market generally,"
euid Cooper, "for you are already
aware of vhat fact, but the remedy is
in our owi hands. If we can organize,
combine curselves together and work
harmoniously we can control our o\vn
markets and secure fair profits for
our products. With prunes at 1^4
c«Tits, raisins at 2 cents and other
fruits at similar ruinous prices, there
is nothing left for the fruit grower
but a choice between organization and
starvation."
The following recommendation
•was made by President Cooper in re
gard to a pure food law: "I recom
mend that a pure food law, or rather
a true label law. be passed after the
pattern cf the German law. For the
first offense a fine of JoO and impris
onment for sis months, and for each
subsequent offense an increase of pen
alty. The national law imprisons
counterfeiters of money. Counterfeit
ers of food products are a thousand
Concerning- insect pests Cooper said:
"Two parasites of the codlin moth
ar* now being propagated at the head
quarters of the Horticultural Commis
sion. They have also secured a lady
bird, which has kept the red scale in
subjection in the citrus orchards of
the Mediterranean. Some relief will
come from these parasites."
Cooper called attention to the re
cent investigation before the Inter
state Commerce Commission at Chi
cago at which Watson, the president
of the Porter Brothers Company, was
shown to have received more than
$2,000,000 in rebates from the rail
road, no part of which ever reached
the fruit grower. He referred to the
trusts and the great proSts they re
alized, and said that he believed legis
lution would be enacted to control
them.
' Messrs. Fowler, Worthen and Wool
sey were appointed a committee to re
port on the president's address.
WORK IX TIIK SCHOOLS.
Dr. Anderson of the State Poly
'technic School of San Louis Obispo
was noticed in the audience and he
was invited to address the meeting.
He sketched the school course on hor
ticulture and viticulture and the fea
tures in the work of the school. Dr.
Anderson said he was trying to make
•the- agricultural work the school of
th. sort that every boy performs on a
farm.
Secretary Isaac read his report,
,vhi(h showed the matters that had
tcme uri since the last convention.
At the opening of the afternoon
meeting President Cooper announced
th<- following resolutions committee:
John Markley, Geyserville; B. S. Wal
ton. Yuba City: E. T. Pettitt. Santa
O.ara County: F. L. Kellogg, Colita,
Santa Earbara County, and John S.
Dcre, Fresno.
" Dr. David Starr Jordan delivered
: an address on the theory of "Selective
Freeding." He said: "Luther Burbank
rat first in this work. He said if there
was need for lap elephants thes*3
orald be produced by select breeding.
The commercial elephant is ferocious,
but if we wanted lap elephants In
time they would be bo pred that we
could hold them in arms, their tusks
would not be dangerous and their
.handling not distressing to them." The
propagation of flowers as carried on
by Burbank was referred to by Jor
dan and he told how it was done and
what selection has resulted in.
"The Cross Pollenization In the Cul
ture of Apples." was the subject of a
paper by A. N. Judd of WatsonvlIIe.
The speaker told of an experiment of
jyo^j^Fri^ox;. co.
t Jam»a L. Le*. president of the Chal-
lpnge Machinery Co. of 2529 Lao St.. Chi-
cago, passed through this city recently.
On a previous trip he heard of Fulton's
Compound and had it sent to a nephew of
his. a young minister who had been de-
clared by Chicago physicians to be fatal-
ly striclcro with Bright's Disease and be-
yond medical aid. In fact, he was at that
moment in Southern California, where hb
vas tcken in the hope that the warm
climate would prolong his life.
Mr. Lee Informs us that the nephew
•has practically recovered and we learn
from a private letter from him that he is
again about nis dally duties and has ap-
plied for insurance.
If anybody questions this statement a
letter will reach Mr. Lee at Pasadena,
where he and his estimable wife are stop-
ping for th*» winter.
Commonly, the first notice of Blight's
Disease is kidney complaint, and of Dia-
betes, physical weakness. If you have
either send for pamphlet to the Jno. J.
Fulton Co., 40» Washington street. Ban
Francisca . *
his own with an orchard uf pippins,
which, until he had planted bellflow
era among them, were of little value.
In three seasons he had redeemed the
orchard and the fruit produced by the
cross pollenizatlon resembled the bell
flower apple In shape and was super
ior to th« pippin. Examples of the
fruit before and after the polleniza
tion were exhibited.
Frank E. Kellogg- of Santa Barbara
County read a paper on "Needed Leg
islation." The laws that were essential
were noted.
The teaching: of the principles of
agriculture in the public schools was
treated in a paper by John S. Dore of
Fresno.
PARCELS POST.
Edward Berwick of Monterey read
a paper on "The Fruit Grower and
the Parcels Post." The advantages of
the parcels post in other countries was
related and he showed that much
benefit would accrue to the people of
this country and especially the fruit
gTowers if in operation here.
This evening the visitors were ten
dered a reception by the ladies of the
San Jose Grange lf[ the parlors of the
Unitarian Church. A fine musical pro
gramme was presented and a number
of short addresses were made. Re
freshments were served.
The programme of the convention
to-morrow Is as follows:
"Transportation and Marketing," report of
California fruit distributers. Hon. Alden An
dersen, manager: report of committee on trans
portation. R. O. Stephens, chairman; "Fruit
Transportation," Paul Shoup; "Cured Fruit
Markc-tirs at Home and Abroad." F. W.
Crindall: "Widening Our Fresh Market," Hon.
Alden Anderson: "The Grower-Packer and His
ViciEsitud**.'" W. P. Lyon; discussion.
Wednesday afternoon — "Co-operation": re
port O( committee of fifteen. A. R. Spraffue,
chairman: "The Benefits of Organization." F.
H. Babb; "Why Farmers Should Support the
Growers* Co-operative Agency," A. T. J.
Reynolds; "Arricultural Organ 1 rat ion," A. R.
Spracue; "Stumblins Blocks In the War of
Co-operation," C. D. Harvey: discussion.
LEAVES THE SCHOOLS *
HIS VALUABLE SPECOfEXS
Edward L. Brljrsrs Remembers the
Public In Distributing His
Worldly Belongings.
OAKLAND. Dec. 6.— By giving
space to specimens of shells, minerals
and natural history the Oakland
School Department may obtain a val
uable collection left by the late Ed
ward L. Briggs, who makes provision
in his will, filed to-day, to the effect
that if the Board of Education will
properly house the various cases in
the High School and call it the "Cor
delia, F. Briggs collection" it may
have 'the things which he has been a
lifetime in gathering.
The deceased died recently at his
home at 663 Eleventh street, leaving
an estate valued at $25,000. Of this
amount $17,500 consists of stock in
the Grand Rapids National Bank.
There are two life insurance p6licies.
amounting to $5000 and a promissory
note for $1650 and other personal
property. The bulk of the estate goes
to his brother, Charles S. Briegs of
Grand Rapids, and a sister, Clara A.
Collins of this city. Josephine S.
Steketee, a niece, residing in this city,
is left $2000. and the balance of the
estate is divided among nephews and
nieces.
PASSES FROM EARTH WITH
BUT A SINGLE MOURNER
Eva Ray Hamilton. Who Figured in
Sensational Case, Dies in
New York.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.— Eva Ray
Hamilton, alleged to be the notorious
woman whose career was linked with
the trade death of Robert Ray Ham
ilton, is dead. She died on November
23 last In a charity ward In St. Vin
cent's Hospital, and was buried in the
common plat in Mount Olivet Ceme
tery. No funeral service was held, and
her coffin, a box of cheap stained wood,
was lowered into its resting: place with
out a word.
Only one mourned her death, a man,
who had been known in the house
where she lived as "Mr. Hamilton,"
her husband, although he frankly ad
mitted that his name was assumed. He
says he knows that she was Eva Ray
Hamilton, and says that at a later date
he will offer letters and documents to
prove it. Those who saw the woman in
her last days say they would have
recognized her from the newspaper
pictures in spite of the fact that her
beauty had faded, her cheeks sunken
and her hair had become a now white.
Forty-seven was her age as given on
the death certificate, although owing
to the lines which suffering and dissi
pation had left on her face, she seemed
to be ten or fifteen years older.
It will be recalled that Robert Ray
Hamilton, her husband, was murdered
in the "West and the woman claimed
his property. The suit was settled for
$10,000.
BISHOP COXATY OFFICIATES
AT FUXEKAL OF HIS FATHER
Celebrates Pontilical High Mass Over
Body of Departed in
Massachusetts.
WORCESTER, Mass.. Dec 6. — The
Right Rev. Thomas J. Conaty, Bishop
of Los Angeles, to-day celebrated pon
tifical high mass over the body of his
father, Patrick Conaty of Taunton, in
the Church of the Sacred Heart in this
city, and another son. Rev. Bernard
S. Conaty. who is rector of the
church, officiated as high priest.
Other clergymen who took part in
the ceremony were Right Rev. Thom
as Beavan. Bishop of Springfield;
Rev. Joseph F. Hanselman,.S. J., pres
ident of the Holy Cross, and Right
Rev. Mgr. Thomas Griffin. In the au
dience were more than fifty clergy
men. The body was taken to Taunton
for burial.
VALUABLE JEWELS STOLEN
FROM XEW YORK APARTMENT
Wife of a Wealthy Merchant Loses
Gems Worth Ten Thousand
. Dollars.
NEW YORK, Dec 6. — Jewels valued
at $10,000 are reported to have been
stolen from the' apartments of J. K
■\Veiner, a wealthy merchant In Man
hattan Square near Seventy-seventh
street- The Jewels were the proper
ty of Mrs. Welner and her daughter.
They were left In a secret repository
while the family went driving: and
were not missed for some hours.
The apartment. apparently had^been
entered by the use of duplicate* keys
as there were no signs of the burglary
except about the jewel casket, which
had been forced open
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 7, 1904.
ROBBER'S
SHOT KILLS
ROBERTS
Death Ends Agony of Brave
Messenger Wounded by the
Lone Bandit Who Held Up
Santa Fe Overland Train
REAPER DEFEATS
ENDS OF JUSTICE
Patient Succumbs While Offi
cers Are Hurrying to His
Bedside WithPrisoner They
.Wished to Have Identified
Special Dlacatch to Tbe Call,
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 6. — On a special
train running: as fast as the locomotive
could carry them and having in cus
tody a manacled prisoner three Santa
Fe railroad detectives raced with death
to-day and death won. They had ar
rested a man who answered the de
scription given bv Express Messenger
Roberts of the robber who yesterday
morning shot him and looted ,one of the
express company's safes upon the
westbound Overland train. Soon after
the capture thev learned that at the
Sisters' Hospital in Los Angeles Rob
erts was dying and with all possible
speed they tried to get their prisoner
before him for identification.
While the special was en route from
San Bernardino the doctors at the hos
pital were administering oxygen and
other restoratives in the hope that they
could keep Roberts conscious long
enough to see the prisoner. From time
to time the doctors were told of the
progress of the race and finally when
the train dashed into Los Angeles they
thought they would win. but while the
officers and their prisoner were en
route from the train to the hospital
Roberts' heart failed and he expired.
Unless a confession is secured some
time from the man who shot him, it
will never be known positively who the
robber was. Beyond the fact that the
prisoner answers the description given
by Roberts the officers have little evi
dence against the suspect other than
his suspicious movements, which have
been traced.
The facts connected with the arrest,
however, have been kept secret, but it
is known that the man, whose name
has not been made public, was at Dag
gett before the robbery; that he left
there saying he was going to the borax
mines; that he secretly returned to the
railroad and was at the station when
the Overland rolled in. After that it is
known that he made several wide de
tours touching the railroad only when
necessary for him to secure food.
A posse organized by Sheriff Ralphs
g-ot on his trail, made detour for detour
and finally captured him near Ludlow.
What they found on him the officers
refuse to disclose, but it Is believed
they have strong evidence against the
man.
A negro named "Williams was brought
here last night by railroad detectives.
To-day he -was released, but later was
rearrested and the detectives will per
mit no person not working on the case
to see him.
The rewards for the capture of the
bandits now aggregate $2300. The San
ta Fe and Wells-Fargo companies have
each offered 51000 reward and there
is a standing: State reward of $300. The
booty secured by the robber consists
of two drafts for a total of $5000 and
$300 in gold.
MESSAGE CALLS
FORTH PRAISE
English Press Commend j
Utterances of Roosevelt
in His Latest Document
LONDON, Dec. 7.— "We may see in
this message, the words of Police Con
stable Roosevelt of the International
Police," says the Daily Chronicle in an
editorial this morning.
On the whole, the press of London re
gard the message as a statesmanlike,
highly courageous and notable docu
ment, which the Morning Post ven
tures to think "will do more than any
public utterance of recent years to in
crease sympathy between Britons and
Americans," following- this expression
with the passage from -the message
where President Roosevelt speaks of
his foreign policy as one for which the
English-speaking world will now and
hereafter be thankful.
A majority of the newspapers edi
torially approve of President Roose
velt's advocacy of a strong army and
navy In order to preserve 'the peace
of Justice," and acquit Roosevelt of
any Jingoism.
Some, on the other hand, consider
the message injurious to the ideals of
disarmament- and arbitration. The
Daily Graphic, for example, thinks the
message "will strengthen the advocates
of bloated armaments in every coun
try."
The Dally Telegraph pays a tribute
to President Roosevelt's "courageous
recognition of thorny problems," and
says: "It is a positive relief to con
trast his virile language on the sub
ject of foreign policy with the anaemic
femininities which find shrill utterance
in England."
The Standard says that on the ques
tion of a strong navy President Roose
velt will carry with him the sympa
thetic concurrence of most English
men.
BERLIN, Dec. 6.— German interest
In President Roosevelt's message to
Congress centers peculiarly In the sec
tions that deal with the army and
navy and the trust and labor prob
lems. The newspapers print summar
ies of about 2000 wo^ds and their com
ment generally is faVorable.
KIM^S FAMILY, EMPLOYER v
OF WIFE AND inMSELF
Indiana Man, After Shooting the
Others, Uses the Weapon to'
Suicide. ;
ROCHESTER. Ind.. Dec. 6.—Gil
bert Burns, aged 50, to-night shot and
killed his wife and, baby and Joseph
Gripe, at whose home his wife was
employed. Burns then shot and killed
himself.
BUTTE. Mont., Dec. 6.— The case
of Mrs. Elizabeth Morrison, who is
charged with the murder of Richard
Finnegan, was given to the jury this
afternoon.
Aged Bishop
Will Retire
in England
AGED BISHOP WHO WILL, SOON
RETIRE Fr.OM THE CHURCH
IN ENGLAND.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— When it was ru
mored last August that Dr. Elllcott,
Bishop of Gloucester, was about to va
cate his see, the aged prelate gave a
vigorous denial to the story. His ap
proaching: retirement is now authori
tatively
Born eighty-five years ago, with a
record of forty-one years' service on
the Episcopal bench, he is easily the
doyen of Anglican Bishops. Until a
very recent period his physical and
mental strength seemed little impaired
by the assaults of time. For many years
he was one of the most ardent of Al
pine climbers, and when he was nearly
seventy he crossed the Aletsch Glacier
alone and in a snowstorm. At dinner
that same night he made light of his
adventure.
A hard worker all his life and proud
of his health and strength, he has al
last reluctantly yielded to the persua
sions of his friends that he should de
vote what remains of his life to the
rest he has so richly earned.
To him, more than to anybody, else,
the church is indebted for the "Revised
Version" of the New Testament. |At
Cambridge, in his young: days, he ae
voted himsef to its historical study.
Bringing to his task, as^be, years went
by, the accumulations -of a profound
scholarship and intimate acquaintance
with Hebrew literature, he became
convinced of -the necessity for a,ne\v
translation, but he feared that he
could not arouse sufficient interest and
sympathy in the project to obtain the
sanction of the church for the work,
and it was more or less as a forlorn
hope that he induced Bishop Wilber
force to bring the matter before the con
vocation in 1870. To his surprise and
gratification a committee was appoint
ed to undertake the task, of which, as
the man best fitted for the position,
he was made chairman.
It has been said that he possesses
a gold pass that enables him to travel
free, on any English railroad. This Is
a slight exaggeration, but he has a
silver life pass on the Great Eastern,
which he won, so to speak. In a rail
road accident on that line. On that
unfortunate occasion both his legs were
broken, but while he lay in agony he
administered spiritual consolation to a
fellow sufferer In the disaster. The
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Some Advice About i^^^ 7
'If you can afford to spend S6J.00 to ■-^•^M^^^}:.,...^^W^^^^^^^
$100.00 for your business suits, go to some " """ :
exclusive tailor and pay him his price. Really, ' : - /- *
then bv all means order them here ' • ; K
There is nothing fsnev shout our orices ' <*-— •? ? ' 3 • » * •
Our $35.00 suits are fully equal to the , H@S™i^iSf ' '* K \ '-
Oui-of-ioiun customers can secure a satisfactory --_>—_ la-^ '^^^S^^P^* ' •
If you are going to give some J&\hjf\f\¥\ if £lT%* Smoking jackets make good
friend a Christmas present give UiMt""":^!'" Christmas gifts. The value makes
Mm a snaking jacket. Pr^^M,t" ** *"**
' • . and Eddy ": L™^ -«■.—.^^w^» ■■■_■_
SIX OFFICIALS
SENT TO JAIL
More Persons Connected With
Colorado Elections Fraud
Guilty of Wrongful Acts
OTHER CASES W COURT
Grand Jury Instructed to
Begin a Eigid Inquiry
Into the Charges of Fraud
DENVER, Dec. 6.— Six more election
officials were sent to Jail to-day by the
State Supreme Court for disregarding
Its injunctive order at the late elec
tion. The ! sentences were as follows:
William Reid. S. S. Barker. John E.
Dixo-n and John Sullivan, nine months'
imprisonment and $500 fine, with coats
each; W. E. Spencer, four months' Im
prisonment; Charles W. Bunch, three
months' imprisonment. Sullivan was a
Democratic committeeman, Reid, Bar
ker and Spencer Judges and Di*on and
Bunch clerks in Precinct 9 of Ward 5
in this city, the ballot-box of which was
opened in court last Friday, disclosing
many fraudulent ballots.
The court to-day tried the election
contempt case from Precinct 6 of Ward
7. The defendants are: William Berg
man, an election Judge; J. Kitson, an
election judge, and James P. llullins
and Patrick Reid. Democratic workers.
The charges are that no Republican
clerk was allowed; that Republican
Watcher C. H. Sanson was violently
removed from behind the rail; that Su
preme Court watchers were not per
mitted to examine the registration lists
and that the Republican challengers'
book was taken from her.
J. Fred Roberts, one of the watchers,
testified that repeaters appeared at the
polls every few hours In bunches of
from five to a dozen and wefe allowed
to vote.
District Judge John I. Mullins to-day
delivered his instructions to the Qrand
Jury summoned by him in the Criminal
Court. He charged it to "make a thor
ough investigation as to all violations
of the law growing out of the recent
general ■ election. He added:
In my opinion the lavish expenditure of
money, as has been witnessed In this county
and State, Is criminal. I believe it to be at
the \-ery root of all the crime and violations
of the election laws which haw accompanied
our recent elections. It ought to be made a
criminal offense for any corporation to con
tribute to any political party.
It is common talk on th-? streets and cur
rently circulated in the newspapers that a con
spiracy exist* to deprive of the Governorship
of this State one of our citizens whom all good
citizens. Irrespective of party, belteve to have
been honestly elected. It Is further openly
charged that to carry out this conspiracy It
will involve the unseating:, unjustly and Il
legally, of certain members of the coming
Legislature. It Is also charged that Immense
sums of money have been collected from the
various corporations of this city and State to
aid In this work. It Is charged that even
after tlv? official count was completed in
many counties of the State and certified to
by the proper officials, agents were sent out
for the purpose of procuring some one m-m
b*r of these local canvassing boards to bring
In alleged minority reports with the hope that
the State canvassing board could be Induced
to violate the law and disregard Its oath of
office. This is a matter that will tax your
patience and ability, but I earnestly ur*e It
upon you for your most careful considera
- tion.
period Immediately following this ter
rible experience he has described as
"time spent with the angels." /
For all that he is a very human type
of man, with none of .the ascetic's at
titude toward life. He knows how to
enjoy himself, and no doubt his mas
tery of the art of recreation accounts
in no small measure for his vigor and
longevity. Quite late in life he took
to cycling and he still plays a good
game of billiards. It is .related of him
that playing at Lord Ducie's 'one Sat
urday night, he regretted that some one
had not exercised sufficient forethought
to put back the hands of -the clock,
which pointed to midnight at an inter
esting period of the game.
He narrowly missed being Archbish
op of Canterburyt Disraeli strongly
urging his claim to It as long ago as
1868. But the Queen for once disre
garded her favorite Premier's recom
mendation and appointed Dr. Tait to
the vacant see.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMT-E-OT.
ABE YODR KIDNEYS WEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kidney
Trouble and Never Suspect It.
To Provs What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root, Will Do
Ion YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail* •
It used to be considered that only urinary /^e^PS5>v
and bladder troubles were to be traced to the BJg|*\^T*^
kidneys, but now modern science proves that l^\!r^E?^*
nearly all diseases have th^ir beginning in the
disorder of these most important organs. f S^l^l
Therefore, when vour kidneys are weak or |^©'<E*Nl
out of order you can understand how quickly f^S'P^A
vour entire body is affected, and how every
organ seems to fail to do its duty. .U'iffl^iJ&^l
If you are sick or "feel badly," be^n tak- |§il|lp\
ing the gread kidney remedy, Dr. Kilmer's j^^^i^^m
Swamp-Root, because as soon as your kidneys smmallS &5£& > +^
begin to get better they will help all the jBSS&JS&IJ^9 IWjjjjuIjIlbu
other organs to health. A trial will convince
Z cheerfully r»comm«nd and endors* the Ortat |; ■jg^8^ T »SinwSiirSfr . ■ ifri»Aq^j» *a
Semedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Boot, for kidney lifM 1 ri „„ MB r»r? — t S^9
troubl* and bad Uver. I hare used it and derived Es&Q D .«- KILMER S |g<S
great benefit from it. Z believe it baa cured me ||8£4 OTTTXIfn DAAJT %\''i
entirely of kidney and liver trouble, from which Z |£$S| SWA 111 r-K U I) 1 I &-1
■uffered terribly. Most gratefully your*. w«"^* 11UU1 ga
A. U. Reynolds. Chief of Police. Emi Kldr.ey.Uvsr&Blaiiar < EM
Columbus, Oft. K^MB "^ CURE * "V
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are respon- J-t-^l cistcno^, f$i
sible for many kinds of diseases, and if per- Kg* I u^l^V^r^JJ S^ ma
mitted to continue much suffering and fatal IVijI *^*^* <l * >^gt,*- {'-'%
results are sure to follow. Kidney trouble J>jtl C M.^rt^r^r^i to -IS; l|jj|
irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, I f^ 1 '*^* Ha
sleepless and irritable. Makes you pas3 water P^l "«»"v|*_ ,\) -.'-I
often during the day and obliges you to get ra&l nn^ifm^imi!'
up many times during the night. Unhealthy |||S| | J
kidneys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of fijgH j^« to w.q k'^^^« T^ **h M Rgl
the bladder, pain or dull ache in the back. |||| ££V4£ i!£E$J"2 W&
joints and muscles: make your head ache and ESsis B *r:ii;iw«~."Hikhth.
back ache, cause indigestion, stomach and liver ftitj uiapinaat^uU.- Sr^ia
trouble, you get a sallow, yellow complexion. WmI "^i 1 "™""
make you feel as thouch you had heart trou- ||||| kx^u mto^ * < V°" i''A
ble; you may have plenty of ambition, but no Egs! soidby ail Dnigsibts. t'ij
strength; get \yeak and waste away. 1 -—- '
-. The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kil- ||jl
mer's Swamp-Root, the world kidney g|9
remedy. In taking Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the B^JB^H^^^*^^!
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- w mmMmtwuiMF? »■■■'•■ •— s
neys that is known to medical science. (Swamp-Root u p i eM *at to take >
How to Find Out
If there is any doubt in your mind as to . If you are a l«adv con-
your' condition, take from your urine on rising vinced that Swamo-Root U
about four ounces, place it in a glass or bot- wn at you need, you can pur-
tle and let it stand twenty-four hours. It on . , £
examination it is milky or cloudy, if there is cnase the rcffular fifty-cent
a brick dust settling, or if small particles float and one-dollar size bottlea
di'aTa'ttentJn 111 ' kidneys are in necd of immc - at the drug stores everv-
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and fs where. Don't make anv mis-
used in the leading hospitals, recommended by take, but remember the
physicians in theic private practice, and is c _ _ __ -
taken by doctors themselves who have kidney nam , e§ Jwamp-Root. Rr. Kil-
ailments, because they recognize in it the great- mer s Swamp-Root, and the
cst and most successful remedy for kidney, liv- address, Binghamton, N. Y.,
er and bladder troubles. on every bottle.
EDZTOBZAX. HOTE^-So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly curing even
the most distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles that to nrove its
wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable informa-
tion, both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured The-
value and success of Swamp-Root is so well known that out readers are advised to
send for a sample bottle. In. sending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co Blne-
hamton. N'. Y.. be sure to say you read this generous offer in The San Francisco
Dally Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness of this offer
TWO OSTRICHES COME
FROM A SINGLE EGG
Twin Birds "Alive and Healthy on a
Farm Near Phoenix, Ari
zona.
PHOEXIX, Ariz., Dec. 6.— Phoenix
has the only twin ostrich babies in the
world, s*o far as known, and there is
nothing otherwise freakish about them,
either. At the Phoenix ostrich farm, a
few miles from town, was hatched yes
terday seventeen chicks from sixteen
eggs. Two of the birds came from one
shell. Each bird is perfectly formed
apparently in gcod health. ,
FOLLOWS SOX TO GRAVE.
LOS ANGEI.ES." Dec. 6.— Isaias S.
Melick. father of the late Walter S.
Melick. secretary of the State Board of
Examiners, died to-night, aged 81
years. It was only a few weeks ago
that Walter Melick and his mother
died, and the passing of the aged
father to-nisht leaves only one mem
ber of the family, Clyde M. Melick of
Carpinteria. The elder Melick came
from Illinois thirteten years ago.
FOOT BADLY MANGLED
BY EXPLODING TORPEDO
Xevada Brakeman So Sererely In
jured That Amputation Will
Be Xecessary.
REXO. Xev., Dec. 6.— While standing
by the side of the' Southern Pacific
track at a small station In the moun
tains to-day "Walter Gammon, a young
brakeman of this city, had his foot so
badly mangled Jby an exploding tor
pedo that amputation will be neces
sary. He was standing by the side of
the rails -waiting for another train to
pass, when a torpedo which had been
placed on the rails exploded. The
metal from it severed the tendon above
his heel.
Republicans Elect Candidates.
BOSTON, Dec. 6. — Municipal elec
tions were held in thirteen of the thir
ty-three cities of the State to-day. The
Republicans were generally successful,
although party lines were not drawn
In several of the cities.
34
SHELLS SINK A RUSSIAN WARSHIP
RUSSIANS ARE SLOWLY
GAINING STRENGTH.
Scribe Pays Tr.Bute to. KuropatRin
WAR CORRESPONDENT? WHO HAVE RETURNED FROM THE SCENE OP-MILI
TARY OPERATIONS IN THE FAR EAST. AND UNITED STATES ARMY OF
FICER WHO WAS WITH THE JAPANESE FORCES IX MANCHURIA.
John F. Bass, who has been follow
ing: the fortunes of the Japanese im
perial g-uards In the Far . East, re
turned yesterday on the liner Siberia
*nd brings home with him a very
wholesome respect for General Ku
ropatkin, the commander of the
Czar's forces in Manchuria. Bass Is
& war correspondent of experience
and hijrh reputation: lie has fol
lowed the game of war in many lands.
In the Russo-Japanese war he repre
sented the Chicago Daily News syndi
cate and accomplished tnore than
most of the correspondents in the
field- ?J'-tei
Said Bass yesterday:
Kurepatkin is a swat r»neral. He »1I1
jo down In history ac one of the Kreatest the
world hag known. He has worked under In-
TWENTY-THREE IN TWO DAYS
Immense Piano-Scfling Record at Pommer-
Eilers' Without Parallel in the
History of the Trade.
THBEE DELIVERY WAGONS AND AN AUTOMOBILE KEPT
BUSY BY THE POMMER-EILERS REMOVAL SALE.
Store Open Day and Evening Till 'Sale Closes— Immense Savings
in Prices and Easiest of Easy Payments -Investigate This
; Before It Is Too Late— Next Monday Ends It s l
t.r*X W « e ,?K'h hr .r e fl »V> iaf *os besides a' large number of organs, were sold ves- '
mlSVor iUm e «f? before at the Pommrr-KUers removal *ale and. strange to «ay.
,, fh 1 5* bl * removal salp of Pommer-Eilers will close next Monday noon. Dec.
e want .buyers this mornine for th»» remalninir ten vnnar* nianr.R-aTTTr.nfr' •
thel p a vment; SffS. to™$7 * '
?tl^f^ i of * 5 .' to * 8 downjnd $3 to $5 a month buys them.
Lsed upright pianos In addition to those advertised Sunday we have re-
ceived a number of excellent uprights in part payment for new KlmbX nnrt
»^ er^?r^ Ut th PlailOS - A «ood.-»»* piano n£S£ is fre.,uent"v
raore desirable than a new upright of mediocre manufacture In this assortment
of used pianos are Deckers. Dolls. Fischers. Conovers Klmballs Steinways and '
other equally well-known brands. Prices range from 164 up to $362 for the very
ev^Been hSe. ' * cnume Deck * r u P ri Sht piano in fancy mahogany case
THESE ABE FI1JE NEW ONES.
. Altbou^h «ie assortment is somewhat broken. 1 we still have left for sale some
of the most beautiful and hiphest-rfrado pianos ever offered . amons them befn£
Fancy, hand-carved Ejhibtion Prize upright pianos n most hMHtifnnv
♦Sappel genuine English quarter-sawed oak rises, price $650. 1886 and $348 "for
5nl of'tSSf"" on payments as low as *28 down and. $12 a montn Retires
For $218. on terms of as little as $7 a month, you can now obtain durine thu
•ale choice of the finest of cabinet grand uprights, in elegan?mahoSinv. mottled
walnut, or Flemish oak cases, instruments for which you would ordinarily be ex
pected to pay at least $350 at any reputable dealer's. wouia orai naruy be ex-
er *. t , h «% rc "J a i"!. I lr 5 ' w * ser Pianos in mottled: walnut and fancy mahoganv
cases 53 87 and $24«7 on'payments of as little as $6 a month buys on™ •
We offer the largest size Wesley & Co., brand-new, fully warranted nDrisht
Pianos for « 118. The Bell & Co.. in plain but substantial o* or mthoeanr
case* at $96. or virtually half price. Payments only $5 a month. manogany
Others a little more elaborate for $127 and $136; sameterms. ' .
Every piano and organ sold durlnic this sale is unconditionally. ■ warranted
Instruments will be shipped to any railroad station or boat landing in the West
with privilege of examination, and we. agree to pay freight charges both" ways if
instrument, after delivery, does not prove exactly satisfactory In every way; to
Don'i fall to investigate this removal sale before it is too late. We mean
business, for the plans for this new building are thoroughly under way now
£ nJi h a 1 * °f million of dollars waiting in this investment for the new
mjuaiBg we nhall not split hairs over any required concessions as to:terms.
m£L or Z T , l £. or tele^ a P h - 663 Market street is the number, between the • Ex-
aminer building and the Palace Hotel. POMMER-KILrERS MUSIC CO., San Fran-
cisco s Big test.. Busiest and Best Piano Dealers. -/-"<-**"
credible., disadvantages and has accomplished
seemtnir Impossibilities. . His officer? were
worse than useless, and after the early ham
mering? administered by the Japanese hi**
forces mere as badly disorganized as the
wildest imagination can picture. Alone and
in tne face of rfverFes that would have driven
h Japartse peneral to hara-kiri, Kuropatkln
rt-orRanlzed his army. He still lacks the ma
terial for mukir-i; an aggressive campaign, but
l:i every encounter his men put up a stronger
resistance. Th» Japar:e?e army was at Its
br-st at the .beirlnnlngr vt the war. The Rus
rian army could not have been v.-orse. Hard
campaigning it lelltnir on tlie Japs, and when
1 le!t the front the ItUK?ian strength. ' was
slowly but surely inrreasinc
Yhe Kt. Peter^buic authorities were deceived
as to the numerical strength of Kuropatkin/j
aroy us the resu'.t of one of the many forms
ol t-raft by -which the nussian officer? keep
thei!:relves In rundr. Ka«-h captain aits -as
paymaster for his own company, his receipt
brine th*> nnly acknow!edR:r.ent asked. - Taking
advantage of thl« nearly every captain had
.in the roll of his company at -lfast twenty
fi\p more names than there were soldiers.
J'HE SAX, FRANCISCO 'CAIiL WEDNESDAY. -pECEAIBER 7, 1004
TOKIO, Dec. 6 (Noon).— It is officially 'announced that the^ Russian battleship
Poltava has been sunk in the harbor, of Port Arthur as a result of the. Japanese bom
bardment, and that the battleship Retyizan has been seriously damaged. \
Reported Sinking of
Japanese Ship
by a Mine.
Cruiser Adzuma Is
Said to Have
Gone Down.
TOKIO, Dec. 7, 11 a. m.— As a result
of the continuous bombardment by the
Japanese of Port Arthur the besiegers,
by using 203-Meter Hill as an observa
tion point, have 'discovered that one of
the Russian battleships in the harbor
has a 'heavy list. Owing to the fog the
vessel ,1s not clearly discernible, but
It could be seen that the damaged war
ship was a battleship. . : ;'.\.' ".
» —
BI/ACIC SKA CLOSED.
Russia Will Xot Send Fleet .Through
the -Dardanelles.* . ,
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 6.— The agl
iatfon raised in the newspapers on the
question of sending the Black Sea fleet
through the , Dardanelles to Join Ad
miral Rojestvensky's squadron has
been inspired by a faction of the Ad
miralty which is anxious to see the
second Pacific squadron re-enforced to
a point which will insure victory; but
there is not yet the slightest, evidence
that Russia is seriously considering
euch a step. The subject is a. popular
one in Russia, where there has always
existed much irritation against the
manner in which the Black Sea fleet is
bottled up, but Russian diplomats rec
ognize the difficulties surrounding the
vexed question of the Dardanelles and
the press is assured that the present
discussion is without significance.
The present treaties covering the
Dardanelles, it is pointed out, do not
provide for their denunciation. The
only regular way to obtain their modifi
cation or abrogation would be by a
congress of the powers signatory to the
treaties, similar to that of London in
1871, which legalized the maintenance
by Russia of a fleet In the- Black Sea.
The other alternative is for Russia to
simply announce her refusal to be any
longer bound by the treaties, in which
event the powers would be compelled
to adopt the measures which might
seem proper. Although egress from the
Black Sea might prejudice the position
of the Mediterranean powers, it is not
believed that any of them, except
Great Britain, .would act with the view
to continuing what Russia has. always
contended to be an unnatural situation.
Great Britain, how*ever, would probably
base her action .upon the theory that
the Japanese alliance compelled her to
prevent" the abrogation' of* treaties
which inure to the advantage of her
ally's enemy. . • . , v. ;. . • ■
J.n.this connection a dispatch to the
Xovoe Vremya from. London revives
the story of the existence of secret
clauses' in the 'Japanese-British alli
ance, one of 'which, the correspondent
claims, binds Great Britain to keep the
Black Sea fleet locked up, in return for
which Japan agrees not to send Japa
nese ships to European waters.
The Novoe Vremya's argument that
it is only necessary for Russia to ar
range with Turkey in order to. liberate
the Black Se» fleet is pronounced by
the Foreign Office to be absurd, it be
ing pointed but that, Jf true, Great
Britain or any other power could ne
gotiate with Turkey for the ingress of
fleets without the Consent of the other
signatories. ; .?■
KUKOPATKIX IX PERIjJ
Vague Dispatch Hints lit H^ent At
tempts Upon His IATc. -. ■_. ;.'•.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 6. — A very
curious dispatch . has. been received
from a correspondent, at General
Kuropatkin's headquarters about the
arrest of a Chinese, who was found
in possession of 500 feet of fuse used
in detonating: high explosives. The
telegram speaks of the' necessity for
providing a larger bodyguard for
General Kuropatkin. The wording of
the. dispatch generally leads to the
inference that an attempt made upon
the. cbmmander-in-chief's . life ■ has
be^n foiled. No .confirmation of the
report Is obtainable here.
He drew- pay for all names, putting In his own
pocket tht» amount ••Hotted' to the -imaginary
soldiers. When ICuropatkin, in his reconstruc
tion of his force*, put this matter of payment
un a business basis th* ofttcers covered their
duplicity by Including the. dummy names In
their lists o' killed. .'.>.--
Bass speaks with admiration of the
Japanese artillery forces. With guns
of 1000 £eet less range than those of
the Russians, the little brown men,
under cover of darkness, planted their
batteries near enough to overcome the
handicap an<J then made it so hot for
the Czar's men that in most artillery
duels the Japanese got the decision
and not a few Russian guns.
. Japanese, losses since the beginning
of' th» .war have been much greater,
says Bass, 'than stated .in , the official
reports from Tokio. He says that
berl-beri has been almost as fatal as
Russian bullets. He does not think
there will be much winter fighting in
Manchuria. . . ■; .
Speaking of Port' Arthur. Bass/ says
that ex-Ser>ator Washburn's son.; who
is acting <"'s correspondent with the
Russians for the Chicago Dally. News
syndicate, left .Port Arthur about : six
weeks siRO. Washburn told him that
the Japanese hadnot taken one of the
seventeen permanent forts.-and that
the people in the fortress are confi
dent ,of beine'able to hold.- out- until
the arrival of the Baltic fleet.
Reginald Gloasop, , who represents a
Yorkshire (England) newspaper,' and
who was with the Japanese forces be
fore Port Arthur,, also was a, passen
ger on the Siberia. • . Glossop 'saya« he
is familiar with conditions in Port
Arthur" andi that' the rrtace can be held
for months against any force the Jap
anese can bring against.it.
Captain J. F. Morrison of the Twen
tieth -.United' States Infantry, one of
the American military attaches: with
the Japanese -army, returned; oh the
Siberia. As ..a', matter ."of honor Cap
.tain-.-AIorrison. could not discuss the
Japanese or. their work ; and what
ever lessons • . the little brown
men may have taught him will first
be imparted to the War Department
in -the captain's official report* •»•- He
did say, ; however, that he considered
Kuropatkin a .' great general . and ex
pressed :, admiration for • what he* had
been' able to accomplish'. > s r.: •.
Neveir/Judjfe a merchant's'; cash re
ceipts ; by. * the , number ■ of • lady Chop
pers in'hls store. ■ ■ ,-■■ -■*'■
Port Arthur Fleet
Bombarded by
Japanese.
preat Damage Done
to Vessels in the
'Harbor.
MOSCOW, Dec. 6.— A special dis
patch from .Vladivostok; says- that a
steamship which has just arrived there
from Shanghai reports that the Jap
anese armored ' cruiser Adzuma has
been blown up and sunk by a mine.
Thi Adzuma, also referred to aa the
Asuma and Adsuma. was built at St.
Xazairei France, and was launched in
li'01. j She'carrled four eight-inch
gruns, twelve six-inch guns and twenty
four smaller rapid-flre guns, had five
torpedo tubes and a complement of
4 82 men.
The cruiser is said to have been
sunk north' of the Miaoto Islands.
. The Mlaoto Islands are in the Liao
tie Channel, between the Kwantung
Peninsula, . on which Port Arthur is
Bituated, and the Shantung promono
tory. ■ ■ .- ' . \;U-
; TOKIO. Dec; 6. — The following re
port £ias been received from the head
quarters of the Japanese army before
tort Arthur: ,. . >
"On December 8 our naval guns (on
208-Meter Hill) combarded the ene
my's ships. The battleship Pobieda
was struck . six times: On a vessel ot
the type of the battleship . Retvizan
and on eight other ships sixteen of our
shells took effect.
"On Monday, December 6, follow
ing: the same plan,' we hit the Pobieda
seven times, the battleship' Poltava
eleven times, and the Retvizan eleven
times. '. .-. :.--.r-W.:;; :
"At about 3 o'clock on the afternoon
o£ the- same day one of our shells
structc a_ magazine, south of Paiyu
Mountain. .This, caused a heavy ex
plosion and a- conflagration followed,
which, was not extinguished for two
hours. « . :.- / ■?:
"On the same day our heavy guns
were directed against the enemy's
ships. The . battleship Peresviet was
struck twice. Two more shells were
lodged on other ships. A vessel of the
type of the battleship Poltava was ob
served to be on.flre, and for one hour
stnt out a great volume of smoke.
"The ... attacking operations against
Sungshu Mountain and the forts to
the eastward are carried on day and
nighu ' Two 36-miiUmeter quiekrfiring
guns were captured on Sunday, De
cember 4, on . the half-moon counter
scarp of Rlhluiig; Mountain." . .
. .The ; effective; bombardment of. the
l,iuti^jan battleships .'.in. Port Arthur
was one of ttl'e results "of the capture
of 2O3.-Meter" ! Hill. Up > to that time
the warships had been able to .seek
shelter from the Japanese fire'under
Ff-iyu Mountain, but the capture of
203iMeter Hill on November 23-30 en
abled the Japanese to train their gruns
on the Russian vessels, with the re
sult that a number of them have been
set on fire and the others must either
put to sea. or suffer irreparable dam
age.
The Russians are nightly attacking
203-Meter Hill at Port Arthur, in a
determined effort to retake it. The
Japanese are increasing the defenses
of the p6sltfon and have succeeded so
far In repelling all assaults. The Rus
sians have suffered the heavier losses
and It is estimated that they have
sacrificed 3000 men in their effort to
recapture the ground which the Jap
anese are confident in their ability to
hold. Observations Indicate that
the garrison is feeling the effects of a
shortage of men.
•The works against Sungshu Moun
tain and the' forts to the eastward
are 'progressing: speedily and all indi
cations point -to an early greneral as
sault, although" the date it will be
made is kept secret. It is expected
that the next general assault will
prove successful.
BRITAIN" LOSES • PRESTIGE.
DogR«»r Bank JVfTair's Fffect Tlirough
out the B<'ilkun<i. ■,
LONDON, Dec. '7.--Alf red Stead, who
has just returned from an extended
tour of the Near East, where he came
into close touch .with those directly
concerned with the future policies of
the Balkan states, said to-c"ay:
British prestlge v - has received "a severe blow
In the Balkan*, consequent upon what is there
supposed to be a,d1plomatlc victory for Russia
In th* DoB»»r bank affair. This fecllngr liaa
been created larsely by colored dispatches rep.
i-teenting that there was a ttrltlsh backdown.
The direct result has been largely to restore
waninsr confidence In Russia. ■
Stead says he' found Roumanians re
jolcingr over Russia's defeats in the
Far Eaat and Bulgarians and Servians
beginning to believe it -vaa; time to
look for artother protector. He says the
Turks, were delighted, nnd even show
ing an attitude of defiance toward Rus
sia. He continues:
A month ago Groat Britain could have dic
tated the policies of the. Near East states,
but to-day a stronc reaction has set In.
: Notwithstanding r§peat2'1 official rle
nials, Stead says he firmly believtrs that
Rv.esia has the Porte's consent to take
the Tilaok Sea fleet througn the ])ar-
Canrlles. '• -: ' . ' ->"'•*;
TO BE TRIED FOR AIDING RUSSIA
British Government^' to * Prosecute
Roche and Sinnett. ■ '
e , LONDON, Dec. ,' 6. — -Summonses
have been issued at Bow-street Po
lice Court against Burke Roche and
Mr. Sinnett in connection with the de
livery of the turbine yacht Caroline to
the Russians at' Libau, early in- Oc
tober lash ■;, The . action * was taken at
the instance of the Public Prosecutor.
The.sujmmonses wlllnot be heard be
fore ; December 1 2. at the earliest.
_. It is understood, that ,the sum
monses issued at' Bow Street, charge
Roche and Sinnett-with having ' un
lawfully caused the Caroline to be dis
patched 'from the '. port of London for
the^use of the naval service of "a for
eign state •:( Russia).. then at war with
another foreign state. -.-.: Charles Rus
sell will defend Boche and Sinnett.
Rich M lner Dies : of Appendicitis.
DENVER, . Dec. 6.— Colonel W. P.
Harlow, a wealthy ; Now York man.
died at St. Luke's -Hospital here to
night of appendicitis^at the;age o(
.4 2 years. ; Colonel " Harlow was ; inter
ested; with W.Cl; Greene in extensive
mining' and other* projects; in Mexico
and" 'Arizona. ' * " ' ; , - * ' ; - ! "' '"■ *
Port Arthur War
ships Expected
to Dash Out.
Harbor Entrance Is
Being Cleared
7 ST. PJSTERSBURO r J Dec- 7.V2V3S a.
m. — Although the War Office' and Tthe
-Admiralty- are^st'lll •without- direct. tfews
from Port Arthur, - confidence in. 'the
ability of.tfie fortress to, hold out con
tinues to be expressed. The reports
'from Tokio of the, shelling of the bat-
Iie3hips : "arid of hea.vy losses' by; the
Russians) In ah Ineffective attempt to
recapture 203-Meter Hill are considered
misleading. ' Accordfhgr to a high offi
cer of the general staff, the Warships
would \>e able to seek shelter from the
fire from 203-Meter Hill: by anchoring
behind; Tiger's Tail peninsula; Reports
that the Russians are clearing the mine
fields outelde the_ harbor are regarded
•as the best indication that the squad
ron is. preparing to move out to this
anchorage, where it will be secure un
der the protection of the shore bat
teries. .
An artillerv officer who knows Port
Arthur thoroughly expresses the belief
that the Japanese will be unable to
hold the summit of 203-Meter Hill, on
account of the fire of the Antz and Etz
forts, which are less than two miles
distant. This officer declares that it
will be impossible for the Japanese to
mpunt guns at the top of 203-Meter Hill
until the ammunition of the Antz and
Etz forts is exhausted.
The Tokio estimate that the Russians
lost 3000 in .the attempt to recapture
203-Meter Hill Is declared to be absurd,
and it is pointed out that such a loss
would imply the virtual crippling of the
resistance, yet the reports from Tokio
admit that General Stoessel continues
to make counter-attacks.
RIDICULE "YELLiOW PERIIi.'**
Germnn Socialists Scoff at Warning
. Uttered In Reichstag.
BERLIN, Dec. 6.— In the Reichstag
to-day Herr Liebermann von Sonnen
berg, Conservative, expressed regret at
the enthusiasm of the Germans for
Japan. He said race consciousness
should be awakened.
\'We are white. They ,are yellow,"
the speaker added., "All the European
peoples must stand ■ together against
the 'yellow peril-' " .
The Socialists, and Radicals laughed
at this remark.
"The Russians," continued Von Son
nenberg, "are defending asainst Japan
the most sacred* possessions of Europe.
•They, are flghtng a. common -"yellow
enemy.'.' .---•• ,<.: r • ■ . • ' -
. This, statement caused.- renewed
laughter and some Socialists shouted:
"They don't fire on defenseless fisher
men."
Herr von Sonnenberg said:
- "If the Japanese conquer their next
object will be Kiaochau (the German
pert in China), as drunken Japanese
officers have already admitted."
GREAT BATTLE UXLIIvELY.
Belief at Mukden That. General . En
gagement Will Not Ocrur.
MUKDEN, Dec. 6.— Everything now
indicates that the prospect of an im
mediate encounter on a large fcale has
passed.
During the fight below Tsinkhetchen
the Russian loss; was- twenty-five killed
and 123 wounded. Including two officers.
Seventeen Japanese, prisoners were
taken, one of whom committed suicide.
The report that General Rennen
kampff has administered a heavy de
feat to the Japanese continues to cir
culate among the Russfan troops, but
has not yet been officially confirmed.
To the earlier, rumor there is added the
report that the Russians have suc
ceeded' in carrying- off twenty-four
guns which they captured in the rout
of the Japanese but were at first un
able to remove. owing to a crossfire'
from the Japanese forcr. '
GERMANY SENDS MORE TROOPS.
Streiiffth of Garrison nt Her Chines©
Port Will Be Doubled.
BERLIN'. Dec. 6.— A dispatch to
the Tflseblatt from Kiel says the Ad
miralty have determined to double the
strength of. the -detachment of marine
artillery, stationed at Kiaochau. the
German port on the Shantung Penin
sula, and to add four companies,
numbering 700 men. to the garrison,
also sending out an experienced of
ficer of the areneral admiralty staff;
ANAUTp^LETOIFT
is sure to please. When the doors of this gentle-
man V clothing. cabinet are opened all the dressing
comforts are right at hand. Equipped with hangers^
frames, drawers, trays, hooks, boxes, etc. — there's
a place for every article of a man's wardrobe. It i*
, also a handsome piece of ; furniture — we show them
«V Quarter-Sawed Oak and Mahogany. ,
Owing to the quick sale of <*iir former shipments we
urge an early inspection while our display— which is the .
only one. in lown-^is complete.
iH; SLQ^N E & CO,
•FURNITURE CARPETS • RUOS • DRAPERIES'
1 1 A* - \ 9 9= P/i'CT Q T«*
CARRIES FOOD
TO STOESSEL
Former Calif ornian Making
A a Fortune by Running the
Blockade at Port Arthur
ELUDES THE JAPANESE
Daring Fellow Is Success
fully Landing Contraband
in Besieged Eussian Port
- Lpuis Spitzel, formerly of this city,
where he is well known. Is piling up a
forttme in the Orient by running con
traband articles of war Into th« be
sieged. Port Arthur. Spitzel's opera
tions, which the Japanese have been
trying- to stop for a number of months.
are said to have materially assisted the
gallant General Stoessel in his heroic
stands before the gritty little Japanese.
The information concerning: Spltzel'a
daring adventures was brought hero
yesterday by H. Franket, 'who arrived
from the Orient and is sfaylng at the
Palace Hotel. Frankel has also been
successfully engaged in the smuggling
of goods into Port Arthur and has
mafle a comfortable fortune, which he
haa brought with" ilm to* the United
States to enjoy.
Frankel was one of the first to at
tempt to run the blockade at Port
Arthur before the Japanese took New
chwang. His vessel was the Victoria,
an old craft brought from Australia.
It was condemned at Shanghai and sold
to Chinese for $5000. The first trip was
made with a cargo of petroleum and
came near ending:. In a disaster. The
vfcssel was in such bad condition that
she frequently broke down and it took
her a full eight days to cover the dis
tance from Shanghai to the entrance
of Port Arthur- In discussing: Spltzel
last evening Frankel said: WPS
Th.3t" fellow is ona of .the most dartn? en-
Raged in the running of the* Port Arthur block
ade _ and to this fact Is • probably due his
snore.--*. He began business In a small way
ami . finally necured th? steamship Shlshan,
■with which ha oatrved from-ib*- Kunstan Gov
(■rnmer.t last October $280,000 fcr carrying
3CO.C0O' rifles and S30 head of cattle safely to
the, permed ud soldiers In Port Arthur. His
vessel Is rtavlfrafrd by,_Ca.ptalh Harry Strude.
who is also well known. In 8an Francisco. ! Re
turning from Port ArtHur-the -vessel was over
haulfd and taken into custody by the Japanese
var»hlp Sasabo and her 'commander was for
mally charged with carrying contraband Roods.
?ilffU«ient evidence to sustain the charges was
r.ot forthcoming at the hearing of the case
before a .corirt and th.e , vessel was released.
Kpitsel lucl the nerv* to Immediately demand
dainacrcs from the Japanese Government. When
w; leit the Orient. Spltzel was preparing for
another trip to Port Arthur, which I am sat
isfied h* reached in safety.
Frankel said that so urgent is the
need of foodstuffs and ammunition In
Pert Arthur that smuggling has been
made an exceedingly profitable busi
ness and has been the only thing that
has saved Shanghai from a collapse of
Its commercial affairs.
ORDERED AWAY
FROM JAPAN
Marcel de Smet Laberghe, war cor
respondent for Le Matin of Paris, who
ran the blockade into Port Arthur, Svas
a passenger on the liner Siberia from
Nagasaki to Shanghai. He told the
officers of the Siberia that he had been
well treated by the Russians and was
allowed the freedom of the fortress.
He said the Russians had plenty of
food and ammunition, but were poorly
provided with water. He said the Jap
anese shells had destroyed all but one
of the flour mills in Port Arthur. La
berghe left on September 29 in an open
boat. He was picked up by a Japanese
torpedo-boat and . taken to Sasebo. a
•prisoner. ■
He refused to tell the Japanese of
conditions in Port Arthur. - He was
given his liberty, -but was kept under
strict surveillance. Typhoid fever then
bowled him over. When convalescent
he was taken to Nagasaki, where he
was ordered to . take the first steamer
for Shanghai.
, He was escorted aboard the Siberia
by Japanese police, one of whom ac
companied him. shadowing his every
movement and lending; an attentive ear
whenever the Frenchman engaged In
conversation. SJMSBBS&iMfiHBi
Sydney Smith erf the London Mail al
so traveled on the Siberia from Yoko
hama to Hongkong.
Another passenger in Asiatic waters
was Captain Carthlage, whose ship, the
Ti Shan, was seized by tne Japanese.
The owners of the vessel, through the
British Consul, are making a stiff fight
to Becure the vessel's release.
If all dreams came true the courts
would be overcrowded with divorce
cas6s.
AD yi^TISTTMyyjs.
STATEAfeNT
OF TIIE— i
CONDITION AND AfFAIRS
RHINE &MOSEILE FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
O?. SJRASBURO. GERMaIt. ON THB
day of December. A. Ci 1903. ul tor
the year endine on that day, a, mad» to th»
Insurance Oommissioner of th«:3t*t« ©f call-
f-ift 1 **^ P^ U>U i t to the P«>vUlc, f of Sections
«10 and « 1 of the Political Cd<». eonden»«d
•a per blank furnished by the tommissioner.
CAPITAtk
Amount of Capital Stock, paid nl
• m cash ; l.teoo.ooo 00
_ AESETS. I '- =
ReaJ Estate owned by Company.! |300.0CO 00
Loam on Boad* and Mortgages.. 232.S0O 00
Una -Market Value of all dtockl
and Bonds oTrned by Company.! 7«.000 25
i Cash in Company's Offlc» I 4 T45 47
[Cash in Bank* J jes'siM .13
, Ir.terest due and accrued on all >,*
|. Stock* .and Loans | ; 13,060 43
• Interest du« and accrued on BoiuU I
• and Mortsases . : 7 - i.Kt« M
I Preiniama ln-da« Course of Colled- •
_ tl0l i ••• • I 41.992 49
Dut from other Companies for r*-' V
lnauranc* 00 iaeaes already pax. 83.349 IS
I>u« Xrom other iMbtors , 8.S3J 53
Total- Assets 2J
LIABILITIES. =3
Lowes adjaatsd and unpaid 1 $2t.93O Ql
Lo*3«3 in process of AdjustmanS .
or In SEsp?n«n ....;. V 22.29O 4J
Losses resisted.' includin* expenses, i 6.180 00
Oross premiuiru en Fir* Rtslcs rur.- .
nine; ■ on* year or less. (423.- *
•472 23; reinsurance 60 p«r cent. . ,*211.7S8 IS
Gross pr*miums on Fire Risks run- '•{
■ nlng inor* than one year. $60.- tv .
. IS* 14: reinsurance pro rata vN SO. 45* 1$
Dividend to stockholder* remain- y
ina; unpaid .;. ...:.'.-*.:: >» 1.75-1 34
Dun and accrued tor '. salaries. ■ '■
--rents, etc 4 '• 9.340 44
All other demands against tJ»
company ,. ,74,822 11
Total Liabilities L $377.54:. 23
INCOME. / =*====>
! Xet cash actually received for Prs j;
i premiums /..« Hit.72'! 11
! Received for interest en Bonds fa&
> Mortgage* 4... p.401 3$
Received for interest and divldelds
on Bonds. Stock?, Loans $nd*
from ail other source* *.. ' 33.2CA It
Received for Rents *.. 14.561 It
Received from all other »ource*.. 2.791 24
Total Income i..jmWM
I EXPENDITVREl
Net amount paid for Fir* Lo»»a
(lncludingr $22.429 47. losses, of
previous years) :.. $1S7.K^ 41
I Dividends to Stockholders J.. 8O.0OO 00
, Paid or allowed for Commission. or
Brokerage L. 80.793 03
I Paid for Salaries. Feas and otier
j chaixea for officers, clerks. et». . 43.97? 91
> Paid for State, National and Lotal
j taxes .- t . . 17.C34 3J
All other payments and expen«i-
tu.es X. 2T.574 28
Total Expenditures '.. 1437. i>i
j T " Fire.
; Lcwget Incnrred during th* y*aj. ..$197.432 67
; Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. Premiums.
j Net amount of Risks! 1 l
j written during; the!
: year | $160,368,429 $ SOS. 606 49
j Net amount of Risks'
expired during the
y^ar I 43S.M&.025 H88.834 »
j Net amount in force)
December 31. 1903.! 447.336.stg . 451. 63S 40
I J. BCHALLER7~Pr««!d«nt.
A. POIZAT. Secretary.
; Subscribed and sworn to befor* me. this
: 2d day of Aoril 1904.
JOSEPH I. BniTTATN. T7. i. Consul.
I SYZ & CO. "General Agents,
308 California Street
1 San Francisco, Cal.
1 — — — — — — — — — —
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
UNITED STATES BRANCH
OF THB
HELVETIA SWISS FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
' O F , tT - OAV h SWITZERLAND. OX THB
yf 31st day oTBecember. A. IX 1903. and for
the yrar ending on that day. a* mad* to th«
Inaurauce Commissioner of th* Stat* of Cail-
i°^ U -\, » u " uant to tn « Provisions of sections
I «10 and 611 of the Political Cod*, condensed a.
: per blank furnished by the Commissioner
. ASSET8.
1 Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .$589,007 5<J
Cash tn Company's office Tii 11
Cash in Banks 272 91
Interest di^ and accrued on Bonds
I and Mortgages 5 50o
; Premiums in due Course of Collac-
tlon "v a.eis 33
j Total Assats ..." $«W.i.rt ?3 '
LIABILITIE3. = ====
1 J.os5es adjusted and unpaid $ is 50
; Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 4 402 50
Grcus premiums on Fire Risks 'run-
ning one year and less. $17,738 72;
j rHnsuranc* SO per cent 8,989 39
Orr.ss pretriuma on Fire Risks run-
ning mor* than one year, $!«,-
«»9 C«: reinsurance pro rata 4 460 80
■ Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due \ 433 g<v
'. Return Prvmiums and Reinsurance
Premiums CSU 20
Total Liabilities 4 $20.040 m
INCOME. .
; Net cash actually received for Fire
t Premiums $11,731 53
. Receive^} for Interest and dividends
; on Bend*. Stocks. Loans and from
: all other sources 20 217 S8
. Profit on *ale of Ledger Assets "cos 25
j Received from Home Of fie* 22.K0O 00
| Total Income ;.->.\ n?.i ti
EXPENDITURES. =========:3
' Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $4,533 31. losses of prev-
I lous years) $31.«90 03
: Paid or allowed for Commission or
f Urokrrage 3.443 7*
Paid for Salaries, Fees and ether
j charges for officers, cierks. etc 3.230 0©
• Paid for .-"tat*. National and Local •
Taxes ....: ' 702 »«
All other payments and expenditure ."fi.sr,; u
Total Expendlturta .»73 nm oa
Fir*.
Losses Incurred Vurtna; th* year $29,052 49
Risks and Prt miuins. I Fir* Risks. I Prvmiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the; •«
year | $1,130,327 00 $24,138 19
Net amount of Risks' *•-*."» i<*
expired during thel
y<?ar } 0.932,896 00 83.454 29
Net amount !n forced
December 31. 1903.1 2.252.89S 00 34.447 7S
SAMUEL R. WEED \
Of and for Weed; & Kennedy Managers
Subscribed and sworn to before me tWa 2:1th
day of January. 1S04. ■ • • .•»■-.»
.„ C. F. FISHBECK. NoUry Public.
SYZ & CO.,lenerarAgents,
308 California Street,
San Francisco, Caf.
RRTTQHTTQ rOR barbers, bak.
J->I\ U OflJCiO •"• bootblack*, bath,
houses, billiard tables.
or«wers. bookbinders, candy makers, cannerx
fl> tr§ . flour mills, foundrtes, Uundriea, paper-
OfBtws. printers, painters, sho* factor!**.
•taDicmcn. tar-roofers. tann«rs. tailor*. *tc
B7JCSAWAH -.SOS..
Brnah Majmf>ctajer«, 609 Sacnunaato St.
|ASTHMANOLA|
■tm tti* only voxm for H*rroo* aaa
Bronchial ASTSXiu'
• Tour Druggist or at COS HAJGHT ST- •
. Baa Francisco. Cai.
y^^W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jflj. fT»jJ O2O KUBXY ST. Ksubllibfd
CfifTSI 1 " 1"*S4 for toe treatmeoc of Private
taJAiSSM '''*<*'»■««•«■ I-o^t Mannorrfl. D»siilt» or
*3fJtti&Eb<1'i-fa*" wearinrnn body sn<1 mind ami
sk tn Di««-»«es- The Doctor«rur«»wli»n
fcCPWRpep) others fall. Try him. riuwcfs low.
"""r 1 HH' "*" 1 ■* Cailorwrtia.
Or. J. r. CIBBO3I. aau yratv^aco. CatSAYS MRS. MONNIER
PROVOKED QUARRELS
TESTIMONY AROUSES THE DEFENSE
The prirttipal part of yesterday in
Judpt Graham's court was occupied by
the ecsnsel for the proponents in the
i'or.nier will contort in endeavoring to
Eh ike the testimony of Miss Elsie
formerly employed by tl.e Mon
nicrk who testi3?d that Mrs. Monnier
irr. Hvas bitterly opposed to the wife
I .it yi.unR Mrnr.icr. The testimony was
introduced by the contestant's counsel
to rhovv that the cltitude of the elder
woman influenced Monnier to disin
bw it lus fec*n. i
•Jt nrge D. t'oliins for the proponents
n<>ved that the testimony be stricken
out. as the conduct of Mrs. Monnier de
scribed by the witness occurred two
yrs'tg after tb? sieniijg of the will, and
ths:< fore co-j!d hsve had no bearing «.n
thfe :r.akiiiK of ih-» \.ill. Judse Granam
ord^rc-d the testimony r-tricken out. but
at .the aftprr:oon r^rrinn Theodore J.
Cache, for the c«->rjt<»?tant. after long
.irp.rrrient. sujtit-fifd the court that the
Tf-;i;nony eraa adrr.ispihlo and the wit
rc?* was oUcrtred to again testify.
Miss Mugge rsid that Mrs. Monnier
had often taunted her fo5ter s"on with
his ill^gitimccy ar.fi that this started
mar.v q'aarr^lr. On one occasion, the
witT5f« raid. Mrs. Monr.ier seized a
Un!f« and threatened to kill young
Monnier. She then described the bitter
f^e'rr.'.z the mother exhibited toward her
da::chtrr-ir.-!a\v. Vl-tlct " ilonr.ior. Sht»
said that Mrf. *.5or.nier fnrb?.de the
Feivanu: to rpsak tv \lo!et. and on one
occasion ?.t'.«rn:pie<l to" strike Violet
V}\h a carpet -sweeper.
On a Ion? and severe crosc-examina-"
tion by CoI'Iaa. the nitcess said that
Oeorpe MozsEiei 1 had been Vlrunk several
tim^s to her t^owledsei'; but , beyond
this admission h?r testimony was not
shaken: _v ; ?>- r.'urrr'? cam? from Ger
mary three jrekn sgo and was nervous
under Collins" qu^^tions. many of
v.hih Mh« filled to understand. Matt
Bull! van. f«.r the contesiar.t. objected
!to i!r* method of crosj^examinntior, ?s
beins Irtinvdat* -.••>- t»> the witness.. Sul
livan then asked the witness if Mrs.
AIonni°r Sr. had ret called her a liar
immediately after the morning s^Eslon
and asked her to fepeat Mrs! Monnier's
!ar.p";japt\ but Collins objected and was
sustain"].
Augustus Kerry, father of Violet
Monnier. told of Mornier's attempt to
break off the r.-.=tr'rf f alleging that his
pon was net of cge. Henry said that
during the conversation Monnier told
him th.it Gf-or^e aionnier was his il
l^Kitimate child. : - v- :
Miss Minnie. Mu^se, who was also
employed by the Monnfers. said that
when the children of the young couple
■were chriFtened two years ago a feast
was held at the Monr.lrr hc-me from
which Violet Stnnnier was excluded b>*
order of Mrs. Monnier. and that the lit
tle daughter, FIcrsie - Monnier. cried
and pleaded to se? her mother, "but was
prevented from doinc: so by Mr?. J.ton
jiier. The cr.se will so on this morn-
Ing at 10 r/e!oclr.\ •
HIT BT CAR. — .1. FhTW, a laborer. Trait run
<own br a fvan Mateo Car nfsr Mount Vernon
*tr*et. He xras removed to St. Ldike's Hospital.
1H* corxlltion is nrrt regarded as d&r^rrous.
J ADVERTISEMENTS. /.
&$ m the Fmcst, Largest and Choicest Selection m.
%£ of Art Goods Ever Seen in this City jQsj
Wl R E ArD THESE m
M SUGGESTIONS /<$$£
l§G Painlincs, Pictures, Miniatures, Statuary in Bronze, , Xm/^
\gM > Marble, Ivory, Artistic Electric Fixtures, ' If?/
(^^ Brass Goods, Vases, Ornaments, Novelties, jj$y
1^ Cabinets, Tables, Desks, Clocks, Lamps, vf£
J&Ia China and Glassware, Cvt Glass, Shaving, ': SmoKing and |Ky
Card Sets — Besides thousands 0! other wmB
Dillerent Articlcr. All at Moderate Prifcs. V^
fJL ippeai^tSt Sanlrancisco \M/
WIDOW AND SOX OF GEORGE
• MONN1ER. WHO ARE FIGHTING
OVER HIS ESTATE.
OLD SOLDIERS
GOES TO JOIN
HIS COMRADES
Adolph Hromada died Holiday even
ing at €:30 o'clock at his late residence,
j"1256 Masonic avenue., He hid b??n ill
I for some time. The deceased v.as born
! in Austria anS was SS years of ape
\ at th3 time of his death. He cam*? to
! this country during the Civil War and
, enlisted in the Ninety-sixth New York
; Infantry. At the conclusion of the war
j he came to California and engaged in
I the confectionery business in Sacra -
I mento- Later he came to San Fran-
J cisco and was the founder of ths firm
of Adolph Hromada <fc Co., 222 Battery
( street, and was Its president up to ths
j time h» died.
! Deceased leaves a wife, a son.
Emanuel J. Hromada, and two daugh
ters. Mrs. Stewart Carter and Mrs.
[ Lucien Ganahl. The funeral will take
I place from Pioneer Hall on Thursday
i morning at. 11 o'clock, under the aus
| pices of Lincoln Post No. 1. G. A. R.
i • " : " '■■ - iv ■
City Official Passes Away.
SAN* BERNARDINO, Dec. 6.— City
Recorder Augustus F. Starke, aged" 53
years, died to-day at a prJvr.te sani
tarium in this city. < He was a- native
of Petaluma. the lirst white child born
there. He lived in 1 this rity forty
years. Starke formerly was City As
ppfsor. and j>ever?»r yfinra aero was
made Judtrc of the Recorder's Court.
♦
\i:thor and Athlete Passes Away.
NEW YORK. Dec. G. — William
Blalkle. aged 61, a well known law
yer, author and athlete and advocate
of physical culture,", "was siritken b>'
apoplexy to-day ' and died before a
physician could be summoned;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, /'DECEMBER 7, 1904.
SEVEN JURORS
ARE SWORN IN
"Nan" Patterson Does the
Choosing Herself and
Selects Elderly 3Ien
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— Within the
last half hour before adjournment to
day the sixth and seventh Jurors. In
the trial of 1; Nan" Patterson, charged
with the murder of Caesar Young,
took their place in the Jury box in the
criminal bran.ch of the Supreme Court
before Justice Davis. Six of the seven
men chosen are well past middle age.
Up to the last half hour the work of
selecting; men to sit In the trial had
proceeded 'slowly; only two having: been
accepted. . When the change came and
thf sixth and seventh places were fill
ed quickly -Miss -Patterson- showed
every sign of satisfaction, and assured
her father, who sat beside her, of her
confidence' in an early 'acquittal.
As one after another of the talesmen
taker Ma place on the stand to s undergo
a searching examination by the at
torneys for both the prosecution and
the. .defence, . he .- is .subjected to tho
searching scrutiny of the accused wo
man. His\«very act Is noted by her,
and to her the attorney for the defense
always looks for a nod. of approval or
a head . shake indicating ,her dissatis
faction before the linal -word .is given.
In the first trial it was said -that
•"Nan". Patterson chose her own-jury.
When the case came to a, sudden and
unexpected end she expressed regret.'
.'•I v.as *sure*that jury "would acquit
me," she said, as she was. led away. to
her. cell in the Tombs. ; from her atti
tude thus far it seems evident that she
will do her best to select twolve men
who will be as acceptable to her ns
were the others. . This time, she ' has
200 from whom she" may make her se
lections. . ■ *• - .
PRINCESS IS NOT AITHOR
t-i-s ■•'- ■ OF BOOIM OX'. POLYGAMY
Report That Clmrlotte of Saxc-Mcin
Inscn Advocated Plural Mni»-"
. riagc Is Denied.
. BERLIN, Dec: G.— Officials of the
imperial household are secretly in
vestigating the source of, a recent pub
lication In American newspapers of a
statement that Princess Charlotte of
Saxe-Sleiningen. eldest sister of the
Kaiser, had written, a book advocating:
polygamy among thg German, nobility.
The book,-, it* ivas- alleged, advanced
the argument that the lower and mid
dle^ classes .were' multiplying, so rap
idly, 1 that 'nothing? but" a" system of plu
ral i wive3>could" arrest, the gradual ex
tinction* of the' noble •caste., ..'■ -
. 'Inquiry at the royal- library and at
adozen leading bcok store? and pub
lishing- houses in" this city, failed to re
veal any knowledge -of such .-.■. book,
either th: ;the Princess/ .Charlotte's
name .or, of anonymous 'authorship. A
member of the 'Kaiser's entourage de
clares" the v. "story... incredible,.: as her
Highness . w6uld I never, have .dared to
subject herself to the imperial; dlsci
pline'that would* have' been' certain* to
follow the detection' of. her, action. , ■
The Princess Charlotte was married
to the. heir to Uhe. throne -.of . Saxe-
Meiningen in 1878 and ; is * the mother
of one child. ' ' ,• _ ' :^; ■ . \ , •
M ETROPOLITAX -"MUSEUM I
GIVEN} FAMOUS PAINTING
Presented With a' Portrait Done by
: Van Dyck,-* the Great ■
Dutch Artist. "■
NEW YORK, Dec. ;6.^-A full length
portrait, of ; Baron •; Arnold • Lefoy, • by
the great -' painter, '/Anton Van ' Dyck,
has been' presented by .George:; A.
Hearn to the. Metropolitan ' Museum' of
this city. . It Is A'alued; at $45,000. and
regarded" as one of most important
and interesting; examples'- of ,; the'* great
I»utch' -painter.T.. i The»carivas ; was Im
ported ■ about two? and- a", half i years
ago.\ It .was probably /painted about
1625, belongs: to ; the artist's: so
«al)cd ftenoesa neriod. . ' . ..
STATE AID
ASKED IN
WEBER CASE
Supervisors, Grand Jury and
.prominent Citizens of Aii
biirn Want Attorney Gen
eral - Webb' as Prosecutor
STliONG L'ESOLUTIONS
. SENT TO OFFICIAL
■ Placer County Residents Are
j of tlic Opihiori, That Kelly
! ' Jtol^iisoii Does Not Possess
I Sufficient .Legal Ability
.Special D'.5r>atch. to The Call.
, ; AUBURN. Dec. 6.— The - Supervisors
of Placer County are of the opinion
that District Attorney -I^elly. Robinson
is not •'capable of conducting the prose
cution of Adolph Weber for the murder
of his mother, and they want; the State
to . furnish . a more able prosecutor. The
sentiment or the Supervisors f was
voiced to-day in a. resolution, adopted
by them asking State Attorney General
U." S. Webb to take a hand in the-pro
ceedings. The resolution; in ' part, is
as- follows: - — .,- ._. -.., :j ,.•..•
It J.as . been made to appear to this board
that a larpe numtK-r of prominent and substan
tial clttzei » anil taxpayers of .this county,- who
have <rti«:i-My v otserved the^ conduct of the
District Attorney, ct this, county at the'pre
liminary examination, of said ' Weber, a'rid th«
procecdinrs bclfcie. t-e -''crc^ner's Jury con
cerniiigr t* 1 * murder cf the Weber family on
the 10t!i «!■»• of November. ' 1004, are of the
opinion that MtdNlJlstrlct Attorney is not equal
to the' cotidv.ct and manasement oC the said
prosecution that 5s represented to this board,
and we p.re sntl*!led -therefrom that the said
Dlttrict Attorney doe? not realize the magni
tude" ef th» undertaking- before him nor of the
ifcsponsibilitles which have been thrust upon
lvs office, and that he intends to assume the
conduct end management of the tame, and
unless stecs are tnken to r-revt-nt it the pub
lic service will suffer great . detriment there
.by." The said District Attorney has refund
and continues to refuse, to accept the aid of
able and efficient counsel which the relatives
of th« murdered family have rendered him,
and such aid as the public generally have de
manded that he accept. We, therefore, know
ing of no other eoutsj cpen to us, as repre
sentatives of the nublic, to prevent a prob
able miscarriage of Justica. for these reasons,
urgently but respectfully request you, ins At
torney General of the State of California, to
comply. with this request. . •
A similar resolution, bearing the
names of seventeen members of the
Grand Jury, was adopted by that bedy
and forwarded to Webb. It was ac
companied by a petition requesting
Webb to join in the prosecution of We
ber, signed by nearly every man of
prominence in the town of Auburn.
Weber asked to see both his attorneys
this afterneon, and it Is rumored that
he wanted their assistance In making
his will. The prisoner has not been
feeling well for the; last few days and
fears that close confinement may kill
him.
When Weber is ■ called to plead to
morrow the defense will set , r« the
claim that the prosecution has not es
tablished jurlsdicttpjr. because Jj: 1 did
not at the preliminary hearing estab
lish the, fact that Mrs.' Weber was
killed in Placer County.
WANT MONEY TO PURCHASE .
CALAVERAS WG TREE GROVE
Prominent. San Francisco Club "Women
Consult With the Controller
::;;;•" of the State.
SACRAMENTO, Doc. 6. — Mrs. Lov
ell White and 'Miss's.' M. Wilson of
San Francisco have been in the city
consulting with State Controller Col
gan. .Mrs. White* is president of the
California Outdoor Club and,. Miss
Wilson is the president of the Califor
nia Clvb.
* Mrs. White and Miss Wilson have
learned' that the State has an, immense
claim, against- the United States Gov
ernment, amounting to about $4,000, -
000. It is kno\vn v as the war of the
rebellion claim. In the event it should
be paid to- California it is desired to
secure- of- it .for the -purchase of
the. Calayerns BStr Tr?r» .^rove. . • ..
Life Term Instead]; of Death.
MONTPELIER, Vt., Dec. 6.— A ma
jority of the- Vermont House Judiciary,
Committee , reported favorably " to-day
a bill commuting the death sentence
of Mrf.'llary M. Rogers of Bennfnjs
•ton, convicted of murdering her hus
band, to life Imprisonment! "
Lending;:. Shoe Man Dies.
CHICAGO. Dec. 6. — George ,.E. . P.
Podse, n. retired shoe manufacturer of
Chicago, and long "ono of the 'leading
men' in ' the industry In the West, is
dead, aged 64 years. . .
| ADVERTISEMENTS. /
;We. use- 1 2^0 bottles of gas to make one
bfele of /Liquozone. The result: is a
wonderful product. The first •bottleJs f ree.
-Each cubic inch- of- Liqiiozpni: :^rc : | food-^lhc most helpful thing in the D»ndruff— Drepsy Ftomach Trouble*
quires thc.usc of 1250 cubic inches, of | world to you. Its effects are exhilar- EczwT-Erysipeia. TUbwuk^s""
the gas. It is this great condensation ating. vitalizing, purifyinjr. Yet it is a Fevcrs-^iaii stcne* Tumors— uicen ■
v which; gives Liquozone its power— the germicide so certain that we publish oo^or^fl-Gieet Tv"m«n*« ? Diieaie.
power td dp what oxygen'does. on every tottle an offer of $1000 for a ah diseases thar begin with fever— ail m-
'. 4 The -result isa tonic with which disease. germ that it cannot kill. The fl«mmauon— a 11 catarrh— an contagious du-
nothing.elsecan'compare.andagerm- reason is: that germs are vegetables; StSt^g h * r , e * ulu of lmpur# 6r p<">««>««
icide v/hich- no germ can resist. - It and. Liquozone — like excess of oxygen in nervous debility Liquozone .acts as a. ti-
goes into the'stomacli, into the .bowels —is deadly to vegetal matter. tuner, iccompii^ms what no dmti e»» da.
and "into, the ;.blp6d,'. to go "wherever v There lies the great value of Liquo- 50C Bottle FfCS
the blood goes.. It brings to every zone; It is the only way known 10 If •- - tt j , t : n .,i, nr ,_- an j-K, v -
nerve ;ccnter-: just the good .that it kill germs in thebody without killing JJj°^f t SI "send li th^
needs:; It. gi^s- new. power to every .the tissues, too. Any drug that kills S^^We-felWrik"^ii^
function of r NVture. And. no touch . of germs ; is ; a ppison and it cannot be der on a local dn e-?-t tnr I ,,K
impuritjvno germ of disease can exist taken internally. V Every, physician i bo Uk aiK \dffi^£S
■in-the presence of Liquozone,: Let us knows that' medicine is almost, help- | oursSVcs"f6r it Thi^s oSr free^A
buyyou^bottlerto show howinstant, ' less, in any germ d.sease. S'^co^c^; to show fan
liow wonderful are these effects; ; " Germ DJS?aSeS what Liquozone is, and what ' it can
We Paid $100,000 the kHown germ' diseased Iy -Justice to yourself, please ac-
For-theAmencan rights to LiqW AH that, medicine can do; for these 00 ""
zone.-- -We/did this, after testing the 1 troubles, is to help Nature overcome | L Szorfe costs and Si
product:for two ycafs, through physi- the germs and such results are indi- i-»q"ozone costs 3 oc. and $1.
cians and hospitals. After proving ih rect;and uncertain. Liquozone attacks I nrr otrx this rrniorna H
thousands difficult cases ; that the >g erms, wherev*. they /are.- And /^^«5^7iK£S J S?.
Liquozone destroys -the • cause, of ' any I when, the germs which cause a disease out th«* blanks and man it to the Ltqut i
germ disease." , V: ■."- are: destroyed, the r aisease'must end, Oxon* Cot/ 4S8-4&4 wabash at*.; chicagx
• Liquozone has, for.- more : than 20 a "d iorever. That is inevitable: My'oU«as» it.i..v. .*:...'.: ...
•vfars ' been, the" COnstaiit- Sllbiect- of : *- f V- .. ,.t-'.- '■' *>aT» never tried Liquozone, but If you
.y c . a i & \' u .. . ' . . •*-y""*;» l - au "jc».i.,oi A ,thma > i Hay Fever— Influenza will nupply m« a 60c. bottu fr«« I wlU
scientific and chemical research. It IS Abices»-AnaemU Kidney Dlaease«, tak»™ "*.
not^ade^y-coHpounding^rugsAnor 11^^^^ buSffia / ....;...;....;.:...........................
With - aiCOhpl.-, Its ; Virtues, are derived Bright" » Disease Liver Trouble* t -
SOlelv from gas— largely : - oxygen gas— Bowel .Troubles Malaria— Neuralgia ...;..• I
by, a, process, requiring immense £ a P - SnSu^SoT pK-?n^n^ ble> J...;.::..;-..;.......................
par'atUS r and. 14 days ; time.- The'result Colic— Croup Pleurisy— Quinsy 514a : G1t«, full address— writ* plainly.
ic -"•> -''Uniiirl-' triit -rlftV* 'wriar rivvVr*'n Constipation. .Rheumatism ■-;...' '
IS a liquid mat aoes ,wnat. oxygen CatarTh — cancer Scrofula-Syphllto Any -. physician, or hospital noty«t using
dOCS. • It" IS a- nerve food and blood • Dysentery— Diarrhea Skin Diseases:- Uquoront will b« gladly supplied tor a test.
MAN AND WIFE
DIE TOGETHER
Body -of Broker Given Up by
Surf Within Few Yards of
Wh ere Spouse SoughtDeath
MYSTERY IN THE SOUTH
Whether He Died in Trying
to Save 3Iate or Committed
Suicide Unanswered Query
Special Dispatch to The Call.
,. LOS AXGELES. Dec. 6.— The body of
D./A.: McCusker. a broker and money
lender, who has been missing for a
week, was washed ashore to-day a few
miles north of Redondo and within a
few"! hundred yards of the" spot where
the body, of his wife was found in the
surf a day or two ago.
] Mrs.' ; McCusker wa3 Insane and had
been so for nearly two years. She lest
her' reason as a result of a former dls
eppearance of her husband when he
Jeft in the lurch many trusting cred
itors whose money he had taksn as
agent of ;the Arnold Racing Syndicate
of, St.. Louis. She became better alter
his return, for he could not be crim
inally prosecuted, but she became af-
Hict?d;with suicidal mania, and it was
neewfsary to employ a nurse to be with
her at all. hours.
/ McCusker was always tender to hi3
wife, and the strain of her condition
told upon him t^riibly. They w^rettv
lrig at' Santa Monica, and many times
the demented woman threatened to
drown herself. A week ajjo to-day Mc-
Cusker took hJs.wife for a rld ( » down
the beach, and they were never again
seen alive."
For r days it was thought McCusker
had left the country. It was. discov
ered that his accounts in the banks
had been closed, and that he had taken
all his money with him. When his
.v/ife's bot!; r cams ashore it was Ptill
believed he had departed for other
fields, and that his wife had succeeded
in her oft-made threat.
The- recovery of his body only solves
the -mystery of his whereabouts. It. is
certain ; from the location where* the
bodies were found that the wife and
husband, one a maniac, the ether al
most insane from worry over her con
dition, went out on a v wharf below
Playa del Rey, for a small wrap that
she carried was found there. Whether
the man had decided to die with his
wife and Jumped into the ocean with
her, or whether she sprang in first and
he gave up his life In an effort to sav*
her, or whether he pushed her In be
cause he was weary of the struggle
and Jumped into the ocean als.\ are
questions which will never be an
swered, t
It •will never be known whether Mc-
Cusker died a hero, a suicide or a
murdered and suicide.
THEFT OF REGISTRATION I
LISTS AROUSES DAWSOX
Citizens of Northern City Make an
' Appeal to the Cabinet of
;■>;"■■!• Canada."
DAWSOX CITY. Dec. 6. — The
greatest excitement prevails over the
theft of the registration lists. Intense
Interest Is being: taken in the election
of a candidate for the Dominion Par
liament. Thompson, Independent,
charges that the friends of Congdon,
Government candidate, are responsi
ble for the thefts. The secretary of
the registration board has applied to
the. police for protection. An app'eal
has been made to the Cabinet at Ot
tawa. "
STATE CONTROLLER GETS
.WARRANT FOR LARGE SUM
Snn Francisco Harbor Commissioners
.Forward Amonnt Paid for Rent
'"/Z-'Ci-z for Piers.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 6. — Control
ler. Colgan to-d*y x recslved a warrant
from the State Board of Harbor Com
missioners in San Francisco for an
onormous sum of money. It was for
$552,868 93. of' which $371,673 was
for the payment of the rent of two
piers for a period of fifteen years. The
piers are rented to the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company.
Bride or French Count.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6. — Miss Edith
Deyer^eaux Clapp.- daughter of Mrs.
N.'Pcvereaux Clapp of this city, was
married hpre to-day in St. Francis
Xavier'a Church to Count Rene du
Temple de Rougemont, nephew of Mr.
Desporte de *ki , Fosse, first secretary
of the French Embassy at Washing
ton.' • / ttgj
'. SPRINGER TURNS UP.— Frank Springer,
whom . the police had be««n ."•archina for dur-
Inc the v last wc*k. . returned to his home at
1S.1C Scott street last nlrht.
"GUILTY"
IS VERDICT
OF JURY
Defendants in Oregon Land
Fraud Case With Exception
of Marie Ware Convicted
on Charge of Conspiracy
JUIJOES DELIBERATE
TH1KTY-FIVE MINUTES
Acquittal of Woman Is Ee
sult of Instructions Bead
by Court, the Prosecution
Failing to Implicate Her
PORTLAND, Dec. 6.— After deliber
ating for thirty- five minutes, the Jury
in the United States District Court to
day returned a verdict finding S. A.
D. Puter,; Horace G. McKinley, Emma
L. "Watson . and D. "v7. Tarpley guilty
of conspiracy to defraud the United
States Government out of the title of
a portion of its nubile land?.
1 he day commenced with the argu
ment of Special Prosecutor Francis J.
Heney in behalf of the Government.
It was nopn when Heney had finished
his address. At 2 o'clock Judge Bel
linger delivered his charge, which con
sumed but ten minutes. In his instruc
tions to the Jury, Judge Bellinger
asked for the acquittal of Miss Marie
Ware, who the prosecution admitted
on Saturday was not sufficiently im
plicated in the present case to warrant
her conviction. As the jury retired to
deliberate the court announced a re
cess until such time as a decision
should be reached. •'-.?.--'
At 10 minutes to 3 the jury filed back
into the room and the bailiff handed
the verdict to the court, who passed It
to theclerk. . The verdict follows:
"We, the jur>\ find the defendants,
Emma L Watson, S. A. D. Puter.
Horace G. McKinley, D. W. Tarpley
and Frank H. Wolgamot, guilty of the
crime' of .conspiracy^ to ...defraud the
Government out of a part of Its public
lands, situated In township 11 south/ of
range 7 east, as charged. We find the
defendant, Marie L. Ware, not guilty."
Attorney Hall asked that the defen
dants be placed under additional bonds
in this case; but the court decided that
a bond of . $4000 in the present case
would, be ample, and therefore • ordered
that such security be given. Thia will
place the defendants each under $4000
bonds for each of the thiee cases, with
the exception of Tarpley and Wolga
mot, who do not figure in the suc
ceeding cares.
There is -no doubt that an appeal
will be taken. The attorneys for the
defense are now preparing their mo
tion for a new trial, , and will, in all
probability, present it at . the opening
of the next case on December 13.
CAPITALIST OFFERS PARK,
TO CITY OF SAX HAFAEIi
John F. Bojd Is Willinc to Give
Twenty Acres of Tiind nnd
. Handsome. Residence.
SAX RAFAEL, Dec. 6. — The trus
ts es» of this city have received a let
ter from John F. Boyd. the wealthy
capitalist and his wife, in which they
ofler a largre portion of the property
adjoinlpg their home to the people of
San Rafael for a public park. The
property comprises twenty acres, and
is situated on the north side of Sixth
street, one of the best sections of San
I-.afael. A large and handsome resi
dence now occupied by S. H. Cheda, a
local banker, is included in the offer.
Eoyd thinks the building: could be
used as a reading room.
Boyd and hi* wife offer the proper
ty to the residents of San Fafael- as
a memorial to their 'two sons. "Jack"
and 3fcth. Boyd stipulates- that the
city shall take c£re of the grounds and
build a' path to the summit of San
Rafael hill. The grounds are now in
fine^ condition, the paths and drive
ways beinsr . macadamized and the
shrubs and trees full grown.
Yours Woman Is Found Dead.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 6. — When her
room was entered -to awaken her this
morning Ida, Ankener. who resides
with her parents at 703 Ninth street.
was found- dead in bed. Her head
was on the floor and the body twisted.
Death was due to paralysis of the
heart. Deceased was about 20 years
of age. ; ■■••;: - ; .>
After getting a new benzine buggy
a man isn't satisfied until he gets it in
thfi nieck. .',.■ A . . !»:•;!%
THIEF PRICKED
BY CONSCIENCE
Sends Booty Back to Man He
Robbed Inclosed in Note
Requesting Forgiveness
XO CLEW TO BUBGLAB
Owner of Stolen Property
Notified by Mail to Call
at Post office for Package
Special Dispatch to The CalL
RAX DIEGO. Dec. 6. — "I sent you
the money stolen from your shop.
Please forgive."
Such was the strange missive re
ceived through the mail to-day by
H. Burns, proprietor of the Indepen
dent Meat Market, whose place of
business was broken into a few days
ago and about $60 In cash, a silver
watch, a sold head of a cane and/
other small articles stolen from the
safe. And the cash came back, every
cent of it, together with the other ar
ticles.
A Burns first received a note without
mature mailed in a plain white
envelope. It read: "I mailed to
night to you the parcel with the
money stolen from your shop. It is
not registered. Inquire at the post
ofRce."
Burna followed directions, secured
the package, and. to hjs surprise,
found that every cent of the ' money,
even to a few coppers. Had b«en re
turned. The money and goods were
wrapped in the note requesting: for
giveness.
Cut In Two by Saw.
BOULDER CREEK, Dec. 9. —
While crossing from the engine-room,
where he had gone for a drink of wa
ter, to his position as tail sawyer In
the mill' of McAbee & Ryder to-day,
Peter Fugrazi. a native of Italy, fell
upon the rapidly moving carriage and
was carried on to the saw, which cut
him In twain.
Long Voyage Is Ended.
SAX DIEGO. Dec. 6. — The steam-r
Alaskan of the American-Hawaiian
line arrived to-night, sixty-six days
from "Xev/ York. .She will discharge
part of her cargo here and then pro
ceed to Sah Francl3co.
AUVKUTJSEMEXTS.
A Companion.
A delightful little traveling companion.
Indispensable to many who travel, are
the "I-lttle Comforters" — Dr. Miles' Anti-
Pain Pills. Dy their soothing Influence
upon the nerves of the brain and stom-
ach they prevent dizziness, sick stomach
and headache — car sickness.
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Rain F»ills
Cure all kinds of pain riuick and sure, are
perfectly harmless and do not affect you
in any way, except to soothe the nerves
and; cure pain. For real comfort nevei
enter upon a Journey without first secur-
ing a package of these "Little Comfort-
ers."
"I am pleased to recommend Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills. They not only cured a
chronic headache, but since. If my head
shows a disposition to ache, one Tablet
stops it. I give hundreds of them to suf-
ferers on trains, and derive much satis-
faction from the relief they afford." — M.
H. CHARTUS, Traveling Salesman. St.
Louis Mo.
Th<- first package will benefit, if not.
th* druggist will return your money.
25 d«ses, 25 cents. Never sold in bulk.
STATEmENT
OF THE
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD HE
INSURANCE COMPANY
(LIMITED)
OF LIVERPOOL, IN ENGLAND. OJt THE
Slst ilay of D^cf-inbeT. a. D. 1903. and
for tht> year end'ne on that <Ja7. as mads to
the Insurance Commissioner of th<!> State of
California rursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions (T10 cnrl 611 oi the Political Code, con-
densed as p*r blank furnished by the CommU-
siener:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Ca?h $300.000 0©
ASSETS. ~ "~~
Ca«a Mtrk«t Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Companr. ..$1,392,205 On
Cash In Banks 251.7« W>
Interest du* and accrued on. all
Stocks an-i Loaiw \ Jjj' 632 CO
Premiums In due Course 'of Col-
lection , 201.112 00
Bills rec?tv3hle. n-t Matured,
taken for Fire and- Marine
Risks 2,607 CO
Total arsits 3l.964.2C* CO
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 1
Lc«*<»9 in process of Adjustment I
T>r in Suspense \ 1132.100 CO
Lives: resisted. Including ex-
pers?s..r • j
Crass i-rtmluroi r-n Marine and)
Inland Navigation RUks; rein- j
surance 100 per cent. V ' 133,710 00
Gross premiums on Marine Time I
Risk?: reinsurance 50 per cent. J
Due and arcrued for salaries,
r*nt». advcrtUlnr end for other
miscellaneous expenses > 123,473 00
Tots] liabilities $100,813 CO
INCOME. " "
Net cash actually received for
Marine prercrums $549,778 00
Received for internt. and divl- |
<lends on Bond*. Stocks, Loans.
and from all other sources 47.0t"-J CO
Total income $0D7.73» 00
-EXPENDITURES. ™*
Net amount paid for Marine
. Lones $477,377 CO
Dividends to Stockholders S7.3C0 CO
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges. for officers, cl-rks. etc.. ,44,197 11
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 5.42S S3
Total expenditures $C1 4.501 CO
Marine. ~
Leases Incurred during the year... |I7< >.."*£ 00
Kl«kH and Premiums. [Marine Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Rlaksj j
written durine the! I
year -••! 167.831.025 $337,002 CO
Net amount of Risks!
expired during the! !
year ! C3.057.2C5! 553.3S2 CO
Net arconnt In force)
• December ai. 190a..! lI.246.2C0i I39.740 Co
. • JOHN WILLIAMSON. President.
/JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and owoin before me. this 23d
day of February. 19O4.
W. J. SULIS.
Deputy Consul of U. . S. at Liverpool.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
J. D. SPflEGKELS & BROS. CO., Gen Agts.
J.B.F. DAVIS & SON, Managers.
215 Sansome St., San Francisco
Telephone Private Exch. Na 68.
Seattle (Wash.) Office/ Colemaa Buiuia*.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
WAITS BETTER FACILITIES
FOR STUDYING THE SOIL
Annual Report of Prof. Hilgard
Says LTniversity Farm Should
Be in an Interior County.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
1'14 8 Center Street, Dec. 6. 1
Professor K. \V. Hiljjard. in his an
nual report just submitted to Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler, refers
with special emphasis to the urgent
reed of a new building for the agri
cultural department of the university,
declaring: himself as follows:
It U particularly gratifying that simultane
ously the attendance of student* en the courses
In agriculture hag also materially Increased to
as to tender our former accommodations and
appliances lor instruction painfully inadequate..
Jn several courses the lecture-rooms at our
eommstid have become too small to hold the
classes without uncomfortable crowding; a; •
the means of demonstration, which were quite
effective, for smaller classes, now prove wholly
Inadequate to the proper Instruction of the
larger number* or students, of which but too
many find It difficult to *e« or hear with our
present arrangements. j
The largely increased attendance at
the College of Agriculture is referred
to in the report. Regarding the in
adequacy of the field area available
p.t Berkeley for a university farm, for
Instruction and experiment. Professor
Hilpard says:
The unsu-.tablene ?s of the location from cli
matic cause*, situated as it Is within the b«lt
ef extreme coast climate, accentuated by the.
direct Impact of the ccld Eummer fogs pouring
througrh the Golden Gate, has been repeatedly
Adverted to in former reports. Hence the
frround available has been utilized mainly in
the preparation cf plants and the production
cf «eed« for distribution to more representative
region* of the State; whence, as wen as from
our substation?, have ccme the practically use-"
ful cultural results from the introduction of
r»w plant* and the testing of cultural methods.
The prospective occupancy of the entire uni
versity site fnr building and ether educational
purposes within a more cr less remote time has
necessarily prevented the full utilization of the
available space for purposes of instruction In
nctu&l field practice, a* well as the inaugura
tion of FVEtematlc cultural experimentation,
even if the exceptional climatic conditions had
rendered the undertaking profitable.
SLOW HEADWAY
IN CHINATOWN
No progress was made yesterday af
ternoon by the Police Commissioners
in the hearing of the charges of corrup
tion in Chinatown. It was the inten
tion of the commission to examine the
contents of the safes taken from the
framing place of Chin Kim You at S20
Washington street, but District Attor
ney Byington refused to sign a stipu
lation, with Jacob S. Meyer, Chin's at
torney, regarding the disposition of the
contents of the safe and the Commis
eioners refused to assume the responsi
bility, with the result that search war
rant proceedings pending before Judge
Cabaniss must be prosecuted to a con
clusion. The stipulation presented by
Meyer for signature showed on its face
that Chin feared no disclosures as a
result < f the examination of the con
tents of the safe.
The stipulation was to the effect that
the money should be returned, though
the papers might be used.
This offer did not tempt the commis
sion to proceed without advice from the
District Attorney, however, so the case
was continued to the regular meeting
in the evening when it was decided to
again take up the case to-morrow af
ternoon at 2 o'clock.
At the meeting of the commission
last evening the license of Ixmis Good
man, a pawnbroker at 19 Montgomery
avenue,- was revoked for irregularities.
The license of Filbert Tomasinl, who
conducted a saloon at Jackson and
Mason streets, was revoked after he
had been convicted of pool selling.
Nicholas Tasiopolls. who conducted a
restaurant at 777 .Folsom street, also
lost his license upon the showing that
he conducted a disorderly resort, •■
Robert L^ass. who conducted the
Bowhead saloon, lost his license for
giving customers ammonia to Bmell
when th?y asked for gin to drink.
A petition requesting the board to In
struct the City Attorney to dismiss the
appeal in the case of Patrolman Harry
Hook, ordered reinstated as sergeant
by Judge Hebbard, was denied.
Patrolman Charles C. T. Russell was
fined $50 for being absent from his
beat. - -- i . ■ .-
HAVE YOU YOl'R TICKET
FOR PRESS CLUB NIGHT?
The Press Club entertainment com
mittee yesterday completed the "sur-'
prises" that are to lend variety 10
"King Dodo," if such a thing is nos-
Fible. But those who have ever en
joyed a jinks at the Ellis-street head
quarters of the organization know
•what this particular committee can
do. Its function is to provide^ r.'ood
music and other things worth ha&r
ing or seeing. To-morrow evening at
the Tivoli Opera-house the "event of
the Reason" will take place and the
entertainment committee is going to
do its share of "providing."
A large part of the house has been
Bold out and those who desire «j;at3
would better apply at the theater to
day yc early to-morrow. The advance
sale of seats has been unusually
large and nearly all of the boxes have
been spoken for. There is sure to be
a representative gathering of news
paper men and prominent people of
the city.
"King Dodo" in itself is an excep
tionally clever opera and has been
highly praised by critics. The Press
Club believes that it can be improved
upon, however, and has undertaken
to introduce local "hits" and "Joshes"
that will undoubtedly create hearty
laughs.
Between acts there will be that
which is typical of the aptitude of the
newspaper men to entertain and this
mak*»s it sure that it will be "a great
double bill."
A handsome souvenir programme
will bo nresentefl all who attend the
performance. t
Press Women Jicbre Point.
Another demurrer to the complaints
of Mate H. Cartwright and Marian B.
Foster against the Pacific Coast Wom
en's Press Association was sustained
yesterday by Judse Hunt on the
ground that it cannot be ascertained
from th*» complaint what were the
rule* of the association that are al
1« ped in the complaint not to have
piNsn observed when the plaintiffs were
•spelled from membership. ' Mrs. Fos
ter and Mrs. Cart>vrij?ht are each suing
f<:r S1OO.O00 damage*. They were
river ten days in which to amend their
plrr-dirsr.
With the increase of students In agriculture
proper, and the inerea6ed Interest tn the work
of the college and experiment station among
lh» farming population, together with th« Im
mediate pronpect of the. construction of new
buildings upon the permanent plan, the estab
lishment of a university .farm, such as forms
part of the equipment of nearly all other ag
ricultural colleges of this country, becomes a
matter or pressing need. Such a farm Is as
much nced<d for proper and practical Instruc
tion In agriculture as are the laboratories of
the mining, mechanical engineering and other
colleges.
■ t may, however, be necessary to discuss
more 'in detail some ideas which have been
expressed In this connection by friend* of
the movement, but xrtiich threaten to so far
overshoot the mark really to be aimed at aa
t» seriously Jeopardize the. usefulness of the
contemplated needful addition to our working
appliances. This has arisen, in part, from
a confusion of Ideas in regard to the propet
»nd legally prescribed sphere of tb« agricul
tural college, as contradistinguished from ag
ricultural high schools, bearing the same re
lation to the former that the high schools at
present existing, bea- to the State university
at larre. -■ . ■
Wherever college farms exist in the United
States as weir as abroad they are located in
immediate proximity to the college, so that
the college student* can utilize them In their
studie*. juit as they would other laboratories.
The propriety and Importance of such colloca
tion hardly need any dlicusslon. .. .
One of the most encouraging 1 features ©I
the pa*t year was the Increased attendance
upon the courses of the college of agriculture.
It Is quite obvious that if agricultural topics
were introduced into the rural graded schools
instead of <not in addition to) much tra
ditional Irrelevant matter haoded down from
form«r times and often badly taught In a
perfunctory manner, and if such instruction
were afterward continued in the high school
{trade the' attendance of students would soon
lax to the utmost the provision lor instruc
tion In agricultural science at the university.
This would go far toward solving the problem
now so commonly dlscuesed: "How to keep
the boys on the farm." Let the farm once
be made' , Interesting to the boys and girls
growing up In the country by suitable early
instruction and the tawdry attractions of city
life would soon cease to deplete the rural dis
tricts. -
FURTHER LIGHT
AS TO CHARGES
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 6. — Former
Senator Thomas H. Carter, president
at the national commission of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition, made
a brief reply to-day to the Interview
with President Francis of the exposi
tion company relative to charges of
corruption made in regard to" about
thirty-five out of 35,000 awards. Ko
said he does not recall when any re
quest was made to the commission to
appear before ! the committee of flve
as stated by President Francis, jnd
claims that if such were the ease the
committee of-flve would assume the
character of prosecutor when ita func
tions were quasi-judicial. After re
ferring to the law In regard to making
awards, President Carter says:
Th« rules governing tbe awarding of pre
miums provide, first, for group Juries; ' sec
ond, department juries, and, third, a superior
j'jry. The law provides that the awards shall
be made by the exposition company and ap
proved by tb» national commission. As I re
call, the charges on file do not apply to the
superior Jury, but to the action of persons con
nected with group Juries and persons attempt
ing to deai with them. When the company
shall have mgds the awards and passed them
to the national commission for approval/ then,
ard only then, , can the commission properly
stid lcgal!> act. - .
I do not recall any request to the commis
sion us appear before a committee of flve to
present charges, as 'stated by Mr. Francis,
but if such ha* been made, the committee
could not as*um«r the character of a prosecutor
when the law plainly lmpo»?d a quasi-Judicial
function upon it in the matter of the proving
or disapproving of. awards made by the com-
P *ST. LOUIS, Dec. 6. — In reply to the
letter of Thomas H. Carter, president
of the National World's Fair Commis
sion, Major J. G. Panghorn. president
of the United Exhibitors' Association,
declares that no intimation of dissat
isfaction with the findings of the
Juries on- awards had come to his no
tice. /~~.V
STATjE BREAD AND BUTTER .. -^::
WlfES RATIONS FOR YEARS
Mrs. Labinburjc Revolts From Cheap
Fare and Ties Up Husband's
■■■;*'■ Stocks and Bonds.
It is easy* to 'believe that Sam L.
Labinburg has saved $40,000 In his
life-time. He must have been a sav
ing sort of man If the allegations in
his wife's complaint for divorce are
true. She says -that in spite of his
ownership of $40,000 worth of stocks
and bonds he "has* allowed herr only
$12 a month for the last five years
for the purchase of food for ihe family
and during that time he has compelled
her to subsist on beans, rice, stale
bread and rancid butter. In .order
that she might buy the stale bread at
reduced rates, he made her walk sev
eral blocks, refusing car fare. .
When the wife became ill from poor
food and wanted a doctor it Is said
that he advised her to drink hot' water,
fche says that during her married life
she has had two cheap dresses and
two cheap "hats. Upon her affidavit
Judge Kerrigan granted an order re
straining Labinburg from withdrawing
hib securities from the bank. , J.^-
George H. Potter, a gripman, was
ordered by Judge Troutt to pay his
wife, Maud C. Potter, SI 5 within. ten
days or go to jail. Mrs. Potter served
.him with. the order to show cause by
giving the papers to a switchman on
Market street who handed them to the
"gripman as his car went by.
Judge Graham granted Interlocutory
decrees to Minnie Holt from Frank
Holt for failure to provide and to Nel
lie M. Humphry from Joseph O.
Humphry for willful desertion.
Maria A. Clemishiro sued for di
vorce from John Clemishiro on the
ground ,of desertion.
I Old Men Are Thrown From Rics.
j OAKLAND. Dec. 6. — Julius Hein-
I boldt, a contractor, living at 1411
Franklin . street, was seriously hurt
this evening by being thrown out of
his rig in a runaway. Two of his ribs
jvere broken and one punctured ; his
i lung. , \ - ■
! Abner Walker, who conducts a store
! at 1487 Higti street, Alameda. was
! run into by a train as he was driving
I across the .tracks at First and Web
;Fter streets.' . He was taken to the
I Receiving- Hospital and will recover.
.< PGM<.!» CAPTAIN. PETER8EN TALKS.--
Oakland. Dec. 0. — Captain of Police W. J. Pe
ter*en has 1 presented . to th» Women'n Civic
ln-frovtment Club an elaborate ttatement: cov
• crlri." tJ^'wcrk of^th* Juvehlle court taw and
j the r.«*»»lty for «^jrretration of • womm : and
} ircnmz- D«r»on» imrrisonetl In tb« City Jail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, VVIiDN ESDAY, DECEMBER 7. 1U04;
EXPRESS SAFE
FAILS THIEVES
Amateur Cracksman With a'
Companion Tries to Rob
Office on Shattuck Avenue
CRIMINALS IX BERKELEY
Hole Drilled in Treasure
Box, but Intruders Leave
Without Securing* Booty
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Dec. 6.
Amateur safe-crackers made a bun
gling attempt last night to rifle the
strong box in the office of the People's
Express Company, at 2211 Shattuck
avenue. After drilling almost through
the big steel lock on the box they gave
up the job and contented themselves
with opening and stealing goods in the
office consigned to patrons of the ex
press company.
Two men are believed to have been
concerned in the job, as the big steel
box they sought to despoil was carried
by them for twenty feet, through a door
into the store-room of the building.
Marshal Kerna has been informed
that only persons familiar to some
extent with the company's business are
likely to have attempted the burglary,
and he is now searching for the men
who have been hanging about the of
fice of the company for several days.
Agent J. R. Hutlson has given the
names of the suspected men to the
Marshal, and believes they will be ap
prehended very soon. "If strange 1
cracksmen had entered our office to do
this job," said Hudson this morning,
"they naturally would have sought to
force open a big steel safe which stood
conspicuously in the office, but which
contained nothing. That safe was
merely in storage. The burglars tackled
our 'wav' box, a big steel affair. 1
suppose they knew that we do a busi
ness of several hundred dollars a day,
and thought the morfey would be in the
box. They were- fooled. The box con
tained only $1.75, and the thieves didn't
get even that."
The express company's office resem
bled a wreck this morning when Agent
Hudson arrived. Boxes and packages
had been piled against the front door
to deaden the sound of the operations.
Packages had been opened and their
contents thrown about the room. The
way box' stood in the rear room, with
a hole drilled for an inch and a half
through the lock. Blankets had been
thrown over the box, it being the in
tention of the operators, apparently,
to use dynamite to blow the safe open,
and have the blankets deaden the
sound of the explosion.
Entrance to the place was made
through a small window in a closet
at the rear.
President J. N. Blaln of the express
company came over from San Francis
co this morning when informed* of the
occurrence here, and inspected the
premises, conferring with Marshal
Kerns regarding measures for the cap
ture of the cracksmen. The company
will not know the exact amount of its
loss until patrons report the non-ar
rival of packages which had been con
signed to them and were in storage at
the company's office. . .
ARTISTS NOW
LIONS OF THE
SOCIETY SET
By Zoc Green ltadcliffe.
OAKLAND, Dec. 6.— Not for years, If ever,
has society been so Interested In art and art
ist* as it seems to be at the present moment;
The smart set is going about seeking whom' it
may lionize, and the man or woman who ha*
done anything worth while in the world of
art or letters must pay the penalty of social
popularity. Not only does the writer find
himself developing unexpectedly into an.ora
tor on a small scale — f/»r the faddists must
hear their Idol's voice — but the artist's 'garret
is Invaded by these enthusiasts, and "studio
teas" are among the delightful social func
tions of the hour. Mrs. Guy Waterbury, when
she was Laura Prather, first started the fad
in Oakland, and the pleasant hours spent • in
her studio will be long remembered by those
who were honored with an invitation. , Miss
Flora Bell, Mrs. Jack Hampton's sister, -who
has a cozy studio in San. Francisco, has also
frequently entertained, and Miss Emma Rob
erts Is another artist who is hostess at occa
sional delightful affairs.
Mrs. D. W. Gelwicks is planning an after
noon for the near future and her guests will
be given an opportunity, while sipping a cup
of tea. to view some of the clever sketches
made during the summer. Mrs. Gelwicks has
done a number of tiny pastel , landscapes • that
are little gems.
Miss De Neale Morgan Is exhibiting a fine
collection of water colors at her home, 611
Nineteenth street. Yesterday afternoon a few
friends participated in a little Informal "tea."
Miss Morgan spent^the summer at Carmel-by
the-Sfa and she has perpetuated many charm
ing bits of that picturesque place. Nature in
her placid moods seems to appeal most to Miss
Morgan. The white pand dunes of Monterey,
a vista of dark oaks with the sunshine beyond,
a pale, peaceful sunset — all these and - more
has Miss Morgan caught with water color and
pastel. '
C. P. Nellson has just taken to his San
Francisco studio the bits of Old Mexico which
have been attraotlnK attention at Saake's Art
Gallery. There were many delightful- ; inte
riors and exteriors of historic Mexico,- partic
ularly a fascinating sketch of an old convent
window. He, has several paintings of old
adobe buildings that are exceptionally fine.
Few artists can put into their work the
poetry that distinguishes these sketches.'
To-morrow week, the 14th. the Oakland Club
will "mother" an exhibit of paintings by Mrs.
M. Fancber Pettls. Mrs. Pettis comes from
the north with a reputation that is: already
becoming familiar to us. and as the collection
to be displayed at the Oakland -Club is a de-
UDeatlon, M sald to be very fine, of ' the red
woods of" the Big Basin, her ■' work will be
viewed with Interest.- •: . , -*r
Ebell, women listened to a' very entertaining
address to-day by Mrs. Kate Greenleaf-Ixicke
of Pasadena, her subject being "Homo Deco
ration." ' ' - - '■ -
Next Tuesday will be a "red letter day" at
Ebell, for > it will be the club's twenty-eighth
birthday and there will .berthings doing."
The birthday party Is to be for members only,
but as there are R00 of the initiated the pretty
little auditorium will he taxed to accommo
date them* all and, of course, they will ail
be there. ;■• • '.■-'...•.•' -; ,..-,:'
Mrs. Kraest J. Cotton is arranging: the .mu
sical programme for that day 'and has prom
ised something unsually. good. - The ; regular
monthly luncheon . will be . the central feature
of the occasion, but on a more elaborat 0 ' Acaie
than usual. Th« of fleers : of the Hub and the
charter members will act as hostesses. . Mrs.
J. B. Hume is president and the other officers
are Mm. ■ C >W. " Klneey. Mre. S. J. Taylor ;
Miss Powell. MiM Jennie Hill. Mls« Car
rie OorriU. Mrs. Ralph "W. Klnney. Mrs. George
M. Shaw, • Mrs. John Bakewell. --..--
Miss Fern Frost will Rive a musical? on the
16th at the First M. E. Church. One of her
pupils, ; 12-year-old May Falls; who* Is . said , to
possess more than ordinary ability, will play.
■ The ladles . of the West' Oakland -Home" At-
Fociatlon «n» congratulating ; themselves "on'
the " Fiieres* of -the recent Doll ■ Show... over
$1200 . having been cleared." • .- . T \ * '
The beautiful dotl (riven by 'Mrs. Oscar Lun
ln«. ■ which .won flrot prize, »wmj raffled and
w.n hy :Mrs. Rhodes of- Honolulu:*' Mrs.
r>.^d«<< verr I kindly «• ve '■. th» ' «1oll bnnk • to , be
•»ffie«« 4 J-»>»ln-.r.T the heix-flt'of.-th* .Jtorne."
The tlnintv Iitfe - t^dv — !»nr.«i-pr urlae "do!l— •
CREDITORS LEFT TO MOURN
Andrew Anderson, Young Politician, Takes
Sudden Departure for the Orient .
FRIENDS HOLD HIS NOTES FOR VARIOUS SUMS
BERKELEY, Dec. 6.— Creditors of
Andrew Anderson,- a young politician
of West Berkeley, for three years a
deputy in the County* Recorder'* office,
learned to-day that . he had quietly
slipped away last week, sailing on the
Manchuria for Hongkong and the
Philippines. Anderson's name is on
many notes . for sums ranging from
$100 to ?300, ■ according ' to the stories
told bv friends who have assisted him
to raise money. ' ••
The creditors -include Postmaster
Schmidt of Berkeley, who loaned An
derson $100;.Dr. E. L. Loring, who is
understood to have indorsed Anderson's
note for a similar amount, and others
who are well, known in politics and
business in the'.'couhty. None of these
were given notice by Anderson of. his
intention to go to the Orient, hence
their surprise. to-day when the news of
Anderson's departure leaked out.
Anderson has left here a young wife,
whom he married a year ago. They
resided at Tenth street, near Univer
sity avenue, in West Berkeley. An
derson appeared always to be in flnan-
WOULD UTILIZE
AIRSHIP IN WAR
Heaton Says Representatives
of Russia and Japan Are
After His Flying Vessel
AL.AMEDA, Dec. 6.— Inventor George
E. Heaton, the designer and builder of
the airship California Messenger, as
serts that since the trial trip of the
craft on, Sunday representatives of the
Russian and Japanese governments
have called upon him to learn whether
his flying vessel could be utilized in
war.
Heaton says he would not construct
any airship for. the Czar, although he
may do business with the representa
tives of .the Mikado.
3o severe was the test that Heaton
subjected the California Messenger to
on Sunday that some of the seams in
the balloon, that was inflated with
hydrogen gas, were > started. Heaton
has deflated the mammoth bag and will
give it an overhauling before he makes
another ascent. He says it will be a
week or ten days before he will be
ready for his next flight.
Concerning the m overtures made by
men purporting tdirtJpresent Japan and'
Russia. Heaton said: ,-• $'.i
The 1 Japanese Consul at : San Francisco was
to witness a flight ol my airship to-day, but
was disappointed when . I let him know that
the machine was undergoing repairs and that
I would not be prepared to make another trip
within a week or ten days. Several men,
claiming to represent tha Russian Government,
have also visited me, but as I am with the
Japanese In the preserit war I did not care to
enter into any negotiations with the Czar's
agents. I may do business with the Japan
ese Government If I can realize a substantial
profit. .'•■''
Mnrrlage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Dec. 6.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by. the
County- Clerk to-day: Manuel M.
Tavarez, 31, and Maria d'Avila, 32,
both of Oakland; Manuel S. Duarte,
65, Niles, and Flisidade Garcia, 48,
Haywards; Harry P. Cripps, over 21,
Berkeley, and May I. Hawkett, 18,
Oakland; John. M. Feeny. over 21,
Wabusca, Nev.. and Mamie Stewart,
over 18,' Berkeley. ,
Central Committee, to Meet.
OAKLAND, Dec. 6.— The Republi
can City Central Committee will meet
Thursday evening in Judge J. G.
Quinn's courtroom, Eighth street and
Broadway,' to commence work on the
forthcoming municipal campaign. The
primaries will be held in January.
given by Mr. Bishop of Ye Liberty, was pur
chased by Mrs. R. S. Emery.
Mrs. Seth Mftnn will entertain at luncheon
to-morrow for Mr*. John Tregloan. . •'* _ '
Mrs. J.' ; Ixiran Pease will be at home first
and third Wednesdays.
AI,AMEDA. . Dec. -fl.— August Hlnrichs. and
family, who recently moved ' to L«os Angeles
for the heneflt of the health o( a young son,
have written to friends here that they will re
turn Thursday.
... . ..* *..,.* . . ; ,-.
Yosemlte Council. Degree of Pocahontas.
Improved Order of Red Men, will hold Its an
nual, ball In Harmonle Hall to-morrow night?
The committee in charge. of the dance consists
of Herman nissman. Mlss*Margraret Schneider,
Miss Lily Norman, Miss Clemence Ledeme.
Miss Anita Rawllnson nnd Andrew Webb.
■ r .f ■•• - '•»•■-,. . •-.'-,* • ■ ' '
Two hundred and fifty dollars was netted
as a result of the ball given by the students
of the Alameda High School In Assembly Hall
Saturday nlcht for the benefit of .the tennis
court fund. -\~'. *;
On. Friday Rev. Gilman Parker ami Mrs.
Pajker celebrated the thirty-fifth anniversary
of -their wedding. They were the recipients
of many congratulation* from th? members of
the First Baptist Church, of which Mr. Parker
Is pastor. Among the gifts received by the
pastor was a well-filled purse from his flock.
a • * • , ASSBs&E&l
■Students of the Alam»da High School jrave
a "Tennis Kacket and Fancy Dregs Ball" In
Assembly Hall Saturday."- -Booths were con
ducted by the various classes and the. pro
ceeds of the Joint affair will go to the. athletic
fund of .the school. : .'■:■ . /
' ■ •"•-,'• ■.-.-.
Every number of th? programme " at - the
union meetlnsr of the sections of, the Artclphlan
Club held .Saturday' was -musical and air of
the singers and players, were, members of the
Mansfr.ldt Club. • . Among the- performers were
Miss 'Ethel Duk§. Mies, EllZIbeth Mills, Miss
Julia Thorp. Mis* JTelen Stocking; ; Mtss Joan
Baldwin. Mrs: Walter ■Loncbotham,^ •■ Mrs.
Georxe H.; Perry 'and Mls3 Fernanda Pr'ntt..
Mrs.' I. N. Chapman. - president oftheAdel
phian- Club, assisted In directing ; th« 'pro
jrramme.
FREE: ' ; -v FREE
WITH >S '"
SUNDAY' CALL |
SMALL ADS.
■■•■-=./■ A '
BEAUTIFUL
■V CHINA
: SOUVENIR TUMBLER
: OF SAN- FRANCISCO.
Free •. With Every . Small Ad in
■'*■:&$* : r - Sunday, Call; : ;-'\
See Small : Ad * Page '; for 'i Further
§$j!gFt& •'.■-.•P* r ticulars. .^ . , ,'
cial straits, needing money constantly,
and willing to borrow it wherever it
could be procured, his notes being
passed out to many of his acquaint
ances. He received a salary of nearly
$100 a month as a deputy in the Re
corder's office, and had been steadily
employed there for three years.
. No j one seems to know whether
riotous living 1 or merely ordinary ex
travagance led to the young , politi
cian's financial embarrassments. When
his obligations became so pressing that
they could not be avoided he resigned
his place in the Recorder's office and
engaged passage for Manila.
It is said that Anderson expects to
strike a bonanza of some sort in the
Philippines and return later, to reim
burse his creditors and begin life anew.
He thought It unnecessary to inform
those to whom he owed money that he
was bound for the Orient. .
Mrs. Anderson has closed her. house
on Tenth street, and her whereabouts
is not known. None of her friends are
able to say whether she was aware of
her young husband's Intention to go to
Manila, or whether he left without In
forming her of the contemplated move.
STILL FIGHTING
BOARD'S ORDER
League at Berkeley Beady
With a Bill to Submit
to the State Legislature
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
' 214S Center Street, Dec. 6. .
A bill whose provisions are intended
to prevent compulsory vaccination in
California has been prepared by the
Anti-Compulsory Vaccination League
for submission to the next meeting of
the State Legislature. The action was
taken at a meeting held at the home
of George Werner on Adeline street.
The bill is as follows:
'An act to prevent vaccination being made a
condition precedent to admission to the public
schools of the State of California.
The people of the State of California, repre
sented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
Section 1— That hereafter it shall be unlaw
ful for any Board of Health. Board of Edu
cation or any other public board, actlne In
this State, under police regulation or other
wise,, to compel, by resolution, order or pro
ceedlnaa of any kind, the vaccination of any
child or person as a prerequisite for admission
to or attendance upon or receiving the bene
fits of any public ■ or private school in - the
State of California. • . .- ■ ■
Section 2 — All acts or parts of acts in con
flict with thi« «ct are hereby repealed.
i Section 3 — This act shall take effect and be
In force from and after Us passage.-
. In" accordance with the suggestion
of President Wheeler and President
Jordan of the two California universi
ties, the literary committee of the
league has decided to offer two prizes
of 540 and $15 for the best' two es
says on "Compulsory Vaccination."
The pupils of California schools and
colleges may compete. The essays are
to contain not less than 600 nor more
than 850 words, and are to be sub
mitted before Christmas day, by mail,
to 3226 King street, Berkeley.
IA 1_ ■ «_
NEW STRUCTURE
MUCH ADMIRED
Visit inc: Preachers Assist
at Fiftieth Anniversary
of First Baptist Church
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 6.
Members and , pastors of Oakland
churches Joined with the congregation
of the First Baptist Church in a meet
ing held in the new church edifice to
night, the third day of the celebration
of the. fiftieth anniversary of the es
tablishment of that church in this city.
Speeches were made by the Rev. T. A.
Boyer, pastor' of the First Christian
Church, and Professor C. S. Nash of
the Pacific Theological Seminary of
Berkeley. Rev. E. R. Dille of the First
Methodist Church made the address of
the evening and congratulated the
members of the First Baptist and its
pastor upon the handsome structure
they had erected. He made a brief
comparison of fifty years ago with the
present time, and said:
The progress such an organization has made
In fifty years Is surprising. Then churches
were very plain nnd In them tho women and
men sat' apart. I predict a great future for
all Christian religions. While I was with the
Army of the Shenandoah I saw 60,000 men all
salute the same general. So with the denom
inations of the present day. Denomlnational
ism Is a thing of the past and we are looking
to a greater dawning, with every churchman
working shoulder to shoulder with his breth
ren. \ . . ' "■ .. ■ •■
Notice' was given by Pastor H. J.
Vosburgh of another meeting to, be
held Thursday ■ evening, , when" the
First Baptist Church would be united
with its sister Baptist churches of. the
city.- Friday evening there will be a
Sunday .; school rally.
Funeral of George E. Grant.
OAKLAND, Dec. 6. — The funeral of
the late George E. 'Grant took place
this afternoon from his home. 1253
Third avenue. Rev. J. K. Jones, pas
tor of the First Unitarian Church,
conducted ■-: the services. 'The "■', pall
bearers were J. |S. Emery, "VV. C. Ma
son, C.W. Kellogg, E..M. Hall, J. W
Phillips, H. A.« Powell,: George . T.
Hawley,. George E. Edwards,' C. H.
Reddington, Isaac L.Requa, George
C. Pardee and A. D. Smith. ; ;, The ' re
mains were : : incinerated, and at the
special reauest of the ! d eceased . there
was : no ; music.
UNITARIAN CLUB MEETING.— Alameda.
Dec. 6.-t— The annual business meeting and elec
tion of the Unitarian Club will be held to-mor
row • evening. - Following the business meeting
there will . be a programme of vaudeville num
bers, in which the participants will be Fred
J. O'Connell. Georre Tesslo. Walls and Bluett
and Rollin C Aj-re*. - . ---
Inspect our new brick warehouse, ready to re
ceive household goods 'rxciuslvely Nov. 'I;'.- Only
brick warehouse, Jn v.ity. Beklns Van & Storage
Co..' 101C Broadway. Oakland. •' TeJ. Main 007. •
COVER SCENE
OF SHOOTING
Policemen and Prosecuting
Attorney Leach Conduct a
Survey for the ICiniry Case
COLLECT MANY DETAILS
Express Confidence That the
Testimony Will Suffice to
Prove the Thug a Murderer
Oakland Offlc San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Dec. 6.
In preparation for the preliminary
examination of David Klniry, burglar
and thug, on the charge of having
murdered Policeman James H. Smith,
a year ago, police officials have com
pleted their work of gathering and
collecting- the evidence which they
have in hand. The last step in ar
rangement of the testimony to be
presented ., was taken to-day when
Chief Hodgkins, Captain of Police W.
J. Petersen and Prosecuting Attorney
A. P. Leach made a critical examina
tion of the locality in which the shoot
ing occurred.
Leach and the police started from
Fourteenth and Jackson streets, and
covered all of the ground through
that part of the Lakeside district
down to Fourteenth and Oak, streets,
v/here- Goldstein, Kiniry's companion,
fell dead after He had fled from Smith,
who had shot him.
This tour of inspection was made
for the purpose of fixing carefully in
the minds of those who will prosecute
Kiniry the exact location of each of
the important points in the. scene. A
scaled diagram of the locality has
been made by the County Surveyor's
office to help the prosecution in pre
senting 1 its case.
I There is no doubt In the minds of
the police as to thein ability to pre
sent a flawless mass of evidence
against Kiniry. Every detail has been
covered with utmost care, because the
police realize that in the man charged
with the murder they hold an ex
ceptional prisoner. They are sat
isfied from the record Kiniry made fn
Los Angeles that he would do murder
without a second thought to gain Ud
erty or to escape arrest under any
circumstances. The police and Prose
cuting Attorney Leach are confident
that they will, present their fcase in
such a convincing shape that there
will be nothing left for surmise as to
his guilt.
To the end that not a point should
b*» overlooked the city has been
scoured for evidence. Many persons
have been Interviewed and, it Is said,
some important facts about the shoot-
Ing will be brought out at the trial.
The examination will be commenced
Thursday morning before Police
Judge George Samuels. Kiniry has
made no move toward getting legal
help. He has said he will conduct his
own case at the preliminary hearing
and will depend upon the . State to
furnish him an attorney when the
trial shall be- held in the' Superior
Court. The' prosecution has no ques
tion that sufficient evidence will be
presented at the examination to war
rant the holding of Kiniry for. trial.
The prisoner is closely guarded and
is seen by no one except the jail of
ficers and policemen in touch with the
case.
HIGH SCHOOLS ARRANGE
GRADUATING EXERCISES
Members of Classes Who Complete
Their Terms This Month to Be
Given Their Diplomas.
OAKLAND. Dec. 6. — Graduating
exercises of the December class of the
Oakland High School will be held
Thursday evening, December 22, at
the common school assembly hall.
The Rev. C. M. Hill, president of the
Baptist Theological Seminary, will
deliver an address. The members of
the class are as follows:
Hattie O. Bedford, Jean Booth. Hazel Bur
ton Elsie Fay Brunner, Miriam- Coffee. Ash
ley B Conn. Linda Pearl Cotter, Walter C.
Crow Carleton Wllsey Cushman, Anita de
Lafjuna. Gladys English, Olive Muriel Grubb.
Amy Helen Hill. Ruth Amanda Hitchcock.
Attal Susanna Hoa«r, Alice Edna Jon«9, An
nie Selina Jones. Muriel Constance Kelley, Al
son RaDha»l Kllgore. Tomolchl Kumagal.
Kllzabeth Rachel Leep«r. Nellie Locke. Cath
erine Lorona Maclntyre, Ruth McClelland.
Kenneth McKln, Harriet May Merrill. Charles
Howard Moore, Grace Martha Nourse. Avis
Csborn, Anita Victoria Otero, Wllhelmlna
P»>tH, Grace - Gertrude Portloua. Herman Rlt
tigstein, Elsie A- R^an*. Isabelle Robertson
Scupham. Howard Matthew Taylor, Ralph
Hawley \Taylor. Samuel Johnson Taylor Jr.,
Flora Ann Vekander. Helen May Waterman,
Edna Whltnov, Charts A. Whltton, Hazel
Eileen Wilklns. Henrietta G. Wilson. Kath
ryn Antoinette Wilson. Sarah L. Youn«r.
The Polytechnic High . . School's
graduating exercises will be held -at
the assembly hall Wednesday evening,
December 21. The school choral so
ciety will furnish music. The cla3s
members are as follows:
Alfonso Anderson, Helmuth Brause, Clara
Barrett, WlUa Bloomer. Arthur Day, Arthur
Donaldson. Paul Dunne. Gertrude Knyeart,
Alice Freilerlckson, Norma Gocxlmundsoa, Hel
en Hussey. Charlie Jordon, Sadie Jones.. Hazel
Lafferty, Jeeste Lambert, Jessie Lewis, Inez
Lewis, Sherlie Lukens, Reese Martin, Flor
ence McDowell, Mamie McKinnon,'. Mary
Mitchell. David Nelson, Regina Perez. Kath
arine Reno, Mary Roberts, Will Robinson.
Walter Sandholt. Henry Tleslan, Christian
Weinberg and Esther Wheeler.
UNHAPPY SPOUSES ARK. '
GIVEN THEIR FREEDOM
OAKLAND, Dec. 6.— A flnaldecree
of divorce was granted Bessie Cole
from J. T. Cole by Judge Ogden to
day on the ground of extreme cruelty.
She wa/alao awarded $20 a month
alimony and the custody of the minor
child. Cora M. Lewis was granted an
Interlocutory decree of divorce from
F. W. Lewis, for. [cruelty. She was
granted the- custody of their two
sons. Charles H.« Lindsay was grant
ed an interlocutory decree of divorce
from Catherine Lindsay for deser
tion.
Hattie A. -Barrie was awarded a
judgment of. $14 IS 75 for back ali
mony to-day against Edgar S. Barry.
They were . divorced In Los Angeles
and he agreed to pay her $25 a
month, but afterward failed to carry
out his agreement.
Celia Killlan besran an action for
divorce to-day against Frank P. Kil
llan, a ; tailor, on the ground of . ex
treme cruelty. She alleges that he
threw ' a beefsteak at her she was
cooking for their Thanksgiving din
ner; She says he has . also been In
the habit of. coming nVjme. drunk and
swearing at her and beating her.
LAWYERS WANT; MONET.— Oakland. De
cember 6. — Suit has been~be*un by Gamble
,Tripr> A'Holman, a flrm of lawyers of Tank
ton.- 8. D.,- against Margaret Walsh to collect
$1350 for services rendered In representing the.
defendant In the. settlement of an estate In
Yolo County. A part of. the . work- was dom»
by Attorney Hart 1 - H. J North and 1300 of the
hill holnnri to him
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
10 JC Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone North "T.
AIiA^IEDA.
14S5 Park Street.
Telephone Alumeda 559.
IiAST SAD RITES OVER
BODY OF \V. A. DKANI2
Friends Pay Fitting Tribute to the
Memory of San Francisco's For
mer County Clerk.
Sorrowing friends crowded St.
Mary's Cathedral yesterday to pay
their last tribute of respect, to the
memory of the late William A. Deane.
Expressions of regret were heard on
all sides over the untimely taking oif
of a man loving and loved as was Air.
Deane.
. The employes of the County Clerk's
office, many of whom had served; un
der Mr. Deane, marched to th? Ca
thedral in a body. Members of Stan
ford Parlor. X. S. G. "W.; Woodmen
of the World and Altahmos Tribe, Im
proved Order of Red Men, assembled
outside and awaited the arrival of the
funeral procession. At the bier Statd
and county officers, members of tha
judiciary . and of many fraternal or
ders stood with bared heads bowed in
reverence..'- .'■ ,.
A requiem high mass, with^Father
Sesnon as celebrant, was sung ttntl'.-r
the direction of Organist R. J. Harri
son. Inside the sanctuary were Fath
ers Pendergast, Coyle, McNally. Mul
ligan and Lynch. ■ ,. .
None but immediate relatives of. th»
deceased and the pallbearers,accom
panied the remains to Holy • Cro^s
Cemetery. At the request of the fam
ily no floral tributes were offered, but
the outpouring of hundreds of men
who forsook . their business attested
the popularity of the beloved dead.
After leaving the church the em
ployes of the County Clerk's offlco
and members of fraternal organiza
tions fell into line and acted as escort
down Van Ness avenue to Market
street. The interment was private.
The pallbearers were John J. . Greif,
J. J. Casskiy, James McElroy, Isadore
Erb, Mark Greely. Louis Claveloux.
Philip Hirlemin and Charles Curry.
GRACE CHURCH CHOIR '-■■;> -v
• IS HEARD AT CONCERT
A delightful concert was given last
evening in the auditorium of the Y.
M. C. A. in aid of the organ fund of
the Cathedral Mission of the Good
Samaritan, which is in charge of the
Rev. Mr. Turner. .
The full choir of Grace Church
sang "Anchored." arranged as a part
song, and the choir quarttt rendered
humorous numbers which were highly
appreciated. Xevin's beautiful glee.
"In Thi3 Hour of Softened Splendor,"
and the glee. "Artillerist's Oath," were
also rendered by the choir in delight
fully harmonious manner. Mrs. Wal
ter Longbotham rendered Mattel's
"Non Torno" with exquisite effect, her
fine, rich contralto giving ♦ full value
to the composition. Mrs. Longbetham
also I sang Sieber's "Die Alpenrose"
•with - . perfect appreciation of the
beauty of the melodious song. .Two
Christmas carols (ancient), "Listen.
Lordlings, Unto Me" and "From Far
Away," were gems' faultlessly ren
dered by the Cathedral Mission choir.
Homer Henley gave the song. "Love-
Laid Her Sleepless Head." with" such
admirable effect as to win an encore,
and Fred Hotaling- sang the barytone
solo, "My Darling Is So Fair." Charles
Goetting's pure tenor voice was heard
in "There's Nobody Just Like You."
William H. Holt, organist of Grace,
Church, was the conductor. Homer
Henley acted as concert master and
J. B. Warburton and Alfred r Bayley
were the accompanists.
Trial Jurors Drawn.
OAKLAND. Dec. 6. — A new panel
of trial Jurors was drawn by Judge S.
P. Hall this morning to sit upon
criminal and civil cases, j Seventy
names were drawn and they were or
dered to appear in court next Tuesday
morning. They are as follows:
C H. Nor. Theodore S. Swift. Claxanc« A.
Thayer. Charles E. Doxler. Frederick G. Welp.
J T. Bills, John M. English. Georgrw Hoffman
"W. J. Walker, W. O. C. Meyer. Hubbard H.
Fnow, John Barnet. Louis Huffschraidt, Wll
11am M. Butter«. "William K»*?an. John Block.
Ferdinand Koenig. Edmund Hathaway, Danl.il
Devany, J. A. Hall. E: 1.. Sargent. M. M.
Sampson. TV. G. Thornally. H. Ju. Holcorab.
Owen Bresltn, Isaac Barnett. Auruat . Man.
Charles Rowe. I*. "W. Forstln^, A. A. Davta
William H. Wharff. F. D. Dleckhoff. John J.
Sweeney. Martin Duddy. James I*. McGlvney.
John Hinkel. R. H. Bonner, Andrew Bloc*.
J. - H. Nobman, Jacob Tallman. J. 3. Derby,
Henry Mengreo. James Potts. John O. Wright
William A. Hunter. William H. ■WilTlams.n.
William Waltz, John Breen. Henry A. Wil
liams. A. Gove Roberta. I>avld H. Behrjtja,
O. C. Hyatt. W. 8.. Dunlevy, J. B.. Msrritt.
J. A. Marshall. J. Prideaux. "W. -H. Smith,
F. J. Ryus, Georffs Spencer, F. -t>. Bart.?y,
C. D. Hayes. Daniel Xewell, Z. O. Sprasu'».
Joseph Northey. William tAnsstaff. Hern: an
Buschmann, T. B. EmUh, George Foig, J,
Tj'rrell, H. Pearson.
OAKLAND, Dec. 6. — A fine of $300
•with the alternative* of going; to jail
for 150 # days was the sentence im
posed upon Henry . Roberts, a barber,
who pleaded guilty this morning be
fore Police Judge Mortimer Smith of
failing. to support his two children.
Judge Smith said there was nothing in
the case to warrant anything ' but " a
stiff punishment.
TAX COLLECTOR SETTLES.— Oakland.
Dec. 6.— Tax Collector Barber made a settle
m«r.t »1th the County Treasurer to-day arul
paid In JOS8.O41 34 as the collection for last
month. -For the last two m<iihth!« the collec
tions have amounted to 81,S2,06."> 08. Th« total
amount «lue on assessments amounts onlv tu
?1.750.687 31. •..%■•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RATIONAL TREATMENT
or
Stomach Diseases
muni :
Discard Injurious Dru^s
A Harmless Powerful Germicide
Endorsed hy Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
on Fret Trial Bottle. Sold by leading
druggists. , . |
not Genuine without kt sicnatune:
61 0 PRINCE ST.. NEW YORK.
I ' yumnnm nru Bcom.rr o«« R*TKw*tTw#.r«>eTPANAMA HOLDS
CELEBRATION
Big Popular Demonstration
in Honor of the Becent
Pact With United States
TAFT ONE OF SPEAKERS
Assures His Hearers That
the Greatest Good Will
Exists Between Countries
PANAMA. Dec. 6.— A supplemental
agreement signed this morning be
tween Secretary Taft and President
Amador and Foreign Minister Guardia
provides that after December 13 no
cargoes can be landed at the canal
-ports except on presenting a Panama
consular invoice from the port of ship
ment.
The original plans for a popular
demonstration in the public square in
celebration of the ratification of the
agreement was carried out last night.
Secretary Taft made a speech, during
which he congratulated the republic
on selecting the distinguished physi
cian, Dr. Amador, for President, and a
leading lawyer and jurist as Vice Pres
ident, thus Indicating the desire of the
people that the civil authorities should
be superior to ihe military and that
the army should only be an instrument
for the support of the civil Govern
ment.
The Secretary criticized the order
which, he' said, he himself had issued.
putting In force the Dingley tariff bill
mi the canal zone and the isthmus as
Idling a mistake. Friction b«tween the
t wo govemmtnts was undoubtedly
< aused by that order. It was fair to
say that the order was made against
the recommendation of Governor Da
vis. He felt sure that a reading of the
agreement would satisfy every im
partial person that the United States
had no desire to acquire any power
or property in the Isthmus except that
necessary to build, maintain and pro
tect the canal.
Secretary Taft said the agreement
was or.s which had been reached be
cause both sides were desirous to
achieve results.
Pablo Aroaernena. the Liberal leader,
expressed satisfaction at the agree
ment, and added that it was gratifying
to the administration-
Fireworks, music and the distribu
tion of free beer followed, during
which small coins were thrown into
the crowds from the balconies.
RED RIVER FEVER SPREADS
DEATH AMONG CANADIAN'S
Twenty-Two Carried Off In Winnipeg
This Week From Sickness. Akin
to Typhoid.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Dec. 6. —
Nine deaths were reported Sunday
and thirteen to-day from what is al
leged to be typhoid fever, but is gen
eraily believed to be a revival of the
epidemic frequently fatal in the early
days of the country and familiarly
known as Hed River fever. This dis
ease, while not characterized by high
temperature, is fatal in numerous
cases.
Danger From Christmas Displays and
Decorations.
' To the Public: Your ottemtH-n if hereby
rfsjiectrully call«-d t.> the fact that the in
troduction eb-Mit jjren»'s*-s of Christmas green*,
barvert specimens and other iaflamir.abie ma
terials, tuch as cottcn to represent sr,<-«v. and
The like, introduces an acditir.nal hazard not
contemplated by the underwriters In issuinK
-pr>Hcic« of indemnity covering the uiual fire
-hazard, and in this o.:nm-ction we refer you
to one cf the conditiors of the standard form
of fire insurance policy, wherein it is etipu
lat»-d that:
"Thit entire s»oHey mlCM otherwise pro-
XTd«?d by mrrf-eraent indorsed hereon or added
'hereto Fhail be vcid." etc.. etc. "If the hazard
I* increased t> - any means with'.n the con
trol or knowledge of the insured."
In addition to the danger to property from
di«;4ay»i referred t", the danger to life in
crowded «ore« cr places nf roeetlnjr by rea
»nn of a jwnir occasior'-d by a fire, even
: thnuirh i' be rrr.all ani eas'.ly controlled, is ro
great that the underwriters, who have made
a study of Fu>~h harards. would only be part
ly fulfilllnr their duty should they fall to
§r!re this warning.
Electric display? where motor* are used and
whtre electric currr-nts are shunted or broken
on different cfrcuitc for advert'sinir purposes
' ■rllj not \# ajorcrved ::: -;.>w the device* for
nictive power and for the *hur.ting and break
tng ct current? en different circuits are In
ftalled la p-ccordar.ee with requirements of
"National Electrical Cede."
Beard cf Fire Underwriter* of the Pacific.
By H. K. LLOYD. t««i— — »r dlntrict "A." •
Cxew Abandons l-r«"n<"Ii Itark.
CALAIS. France. Dec. 6. — The
'French bark Madeleine, from Iquique,
Chile, September 17. for Dunkirk,
has been lost in the Channel. Her
crew of fifteen men took to the boats,
from which they were rescued by a
• steamship and landed at Granville,
department of the Manche.
ADX'ERTliaKaiEyTS.
-
The Reginaphone is a novelty in the Musical World. '
It is a combination between a Regina Music Box and a
I Talking Machine. You can use either the regular talk-
ing machine discs, thus reproducing Talking Machine
records, or the Regina Tune sheets, thus reproducing •
Regina Music records. '
It is a beautiful instrument and would make a grand, j
Christmas remembrance.
tAsk to see them. j
Sherman, Clay (& Co.
SAN FRANCISCO KearnyandSutterSts.
OAKLAND Thirteenth and Broadway., !
PSsjrMisMaBaBBBBBjkBSjnjBBajMliSSSbsmBjBiyaAMMaMs&siKncljaBfjiMiAan^w mmm^^ ml^ mm^^^^^
HOW WHITEING
GOT HIS START
Author of "No. 5 John
Street" Tells of Early Ef
forts to Gain Recognition
LONDON LITERARY TALK
William Macdonald Putting
Finishing Touches on a
Biography of Franklin
LONDON. Dec. 6.— Richard White
ing has contributed to the pages of a
new London periodical an unusually
interesting account of how he got his
start as a writer. It is known, of
course, that the author of "Xo. 5 John
Street" first thought he would like to
be an engraver, but Whiteing has nev
er before told just how he proceeded
once he had made up his mind to be
come a writer instead. It seems that
h<v took long chances. He gave up his
calling, borrowed a ten-pound note,
took a front garret — only as a work
shop, however, for he still lived at
home — and began to lay siege to the
magazines.
j "My subjects." he says, "may best
be described by the title of th» com
pendium — 'All About Everything.* The
editors were in no hurry. I assailed
them with great determination, but
my darts were caught in the meshes
of the wastepaper basket. According
to my own test, I ought to have
stopped there, and to have gone back
to the old calling, which was now
as irksome to me as work in the
mines. But, of course, when you are
in the thick of a fight you soon forget
the niceties of its science.
COURTKD IHJPULAR FAVOR.
"So, by way of forcing an opening,
I left off saying what I wanted to say,
and artfully offered one of them what
I thought he might want to have said.
It was most reprehensible, but I was
desperate now. I essayed a history of
clocks and watches for a well-known
local paper published in Clerkenwell.
I worked up the subject from an en
cyclopedia. .Everything was there, in
abstract, yet not a single thing had
a scrap of flavor in it. I took it down
to the office, and was so fortunate as
to find the person in authority behind
the counter. He weighed the manu
script — in his hand — and said that he
might publish it in two or three in
stallments. I was happy beyond words,
yet I lingered for a moment, without
having courage to say that I should
like to hear something on the question
I of remuneration.
" "You understand," he said, " 'that
we don't pay for things of this sort-'
"Certainly,' I gasped. It was not for
me to betray ignorance of a trade
secret."
AUTHOR'S FIRST HIT.
Whiteing made his first hit with an
unusually ingenious newspaper ar
ticle, suggested by James Greenwood's
"Night in a Workhouse. By an Ama
teur Casual," which the Pall Mall Ga
, z» jtte was then publishing by install
i imnts.
"The. smartest of London evening
j papers," says Whiieing, "was sending
one of its smartest young men to pass
a night with the lowest poor, and to
tell us what it was like. The editor
j drove his man down in. a. broupham
j and dropped him in a careful assort
i ment of rags and tatters almost at the
workhouse door.
•' 'A good idea,' said a friend, 'but
I it would be a better one still to send
a rough among the swells, and let him
Let] his story.' "We both seemed to see
l:ght. and it was agreed that each
j should write his version of such an
jar tide, and that the better «ae should
be sent in the next day. I called on
j him in due course with mine done, but
i his was wanting, for the simple reason
that he had forgotten all about it. So
mine was dropped in the box. It was
copied out in a fair hand, it was even
! neatly bound in paper covers, for we
i were firmly persuaded that this was
| the way things should be done. This
i time the period of uncertainty was
phort and sharp. The next day the
'Evening Star' placards seemed to be
but one huge headline — 'Night in Bel
grave Square, by a Costermonger.' "
ADMIRER OF FRANKLIN.
William Macdonald, who used to be
one of that brilliant "National "Ob
server" gToup known as "W. E. Hen
ley's young men" — a group that includ
ed Stevenson, Kipling and Barrle — has
nearly finished an important work on
Benjamin Franklin, dealing principally
'with that sage as a citizen of the world
and a maker of international history.
Macdonald has been gathering mate
rial for the work for a long time and
is of the opinion that Franklin was the
greatest statesman of his day.
The growth and importance of the
rHE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7/ 1904.
CARTER STILL
DEFIES COURT
Governor of Hawaii Eefuses
to Obey Second Summons
to Appear Before Judge
DEFINES HIS POSITION
Says It Is Not Compatible
With Dignity of Office
to Recognize the Order
Special Dis:>atch to The Call
HONOLULU, Nov. 29.— Another stage
of the deadlock between Governor Car
ter and Judge Gear over the refusal of
the Governor to obey a subpena has
been passed. When Governor Carter
disregarded a second subpena Judge
Gear said the jury may be directed to
acquit the defendant.
The question at stake is, whether
Auditor J. H. Fisher is really Auditor
of the Territory,, as the Governor holds
his undated resignation. Judge Gear
decided that, Vthere being no doubt
that Mr. Fisher has been, and is now,
acting as a de facto officer of a de jure
office, his testimony should not be
stricken out, even if he does not hold
the office under a full and legal ap
pointment. The motion to strike cut
on the ground stated will therefore be
denied."
Setting forth his reasons for not an
swering the summons of the court, the
Governor wrote tcr Attorney General
Andrews, as follows:
In response to the Inclosed summons, served
on me this morning, to appear as a witness in
Judge Gcar> court, out of respect to this
court, a co-ordinate department of the Terri
tory, I desire you to appear In person on my
behalf and inform the court that I have mi
information which could possibly be of service
in connection with the case in question, and
do not believe it is compatible with the dig
nity of the office 1 hold to allow It to be
•ubjected to the orders of the court, as prompt
ed by the whims or opinions of attorneys. It
is the law that should be obeyed, not the law
yers.
The absence of the Secretary of the Territory
makes the demands on my time for the de
tails of this <if flee far In excess of what Is
usual, and in my opinion high public Interests
might suffer if I admitted that the courts
had a richt to command my attendance. Aj
yet I have never refused to attend voluntarily
and testify In any case where I have been con
sulted and my evidence Ehown to be necessary.
WEALTHY WIFE .MUST PAY
BIG SUM IN ALIMONY
Knglish Court I>cchlcs for Husband,
Although He /Admitted Miscon
duct on His Part.
L.OXDOX, Dec. 6. — The Constanti
nidi divorce suit, which has been be
fore the court from time to time for
more than a year, has ended in an
order bv Sir Francis Jeune against
the wife to make her husband a
handsome allowance, to be increased
on the death of her mother.
When Constantiniili obtained a di
vorce from his wife, Julia, daughter
of the late Stephen Ralli, a million
aire merchant, he was awarded the
record damages of $125,000. The case
was also remarkable as being the only
instance where the . husband, who
himself admitted misconduct. had
obtained a divorce. .:.,. .
BERLIN SHOWS A HEAVY
DECREASE IX BIRTH RATE
Same Conditions Prevail in AH Large
Cities of the German Em- -
pi re.
BERLIN, Dec. 6. — Official statistics
covering twenty-six years show a
steady and noticeable* decrease in the
birth rate in the large cities in Ger
many, in spite of the fact that
the marriage rate is higher than in
cities of less than 100,000 inhabitants
and in the country.
Berlin, which passed the 2,000,000
mark in December, presents the
heaviest decrease in the birth rate. In
the period from 1S96 to 1900 it aver
aged 28.9, against 44.9 from 1875 to
1880. The highest birth rate is in the
great industrial centers of the Rhein
ish provinces.
Inverness May Be Floated.
LONDOX, Dec. 6. — The British
steamship Inverness, which went
ashore at Muroran while bound from
Tacoma for Yokohama and Hiogo,
haB become imbedded thirty inches in
the sand. The cargo is being dis
charged. She is not leaking, and the
chances of floating her are favorable.
I American colony in London is attest-
I ed by the announcement 'of impending
publication of another directory devot
ed to Its members, entitled the "Amer
ican Blue B6ok." It will also contain
a list of Americans and American firms
doing business in Great Britain. It is
edited by Mrs. G. C. Bancroft, who, in
conjunction with Basil Bancroft, has
also established a new American Bu
reau in Regent street. It aims at pro
viding a sort of headcuarters for
American visitors and residents in
London and assisting them both in
business and social matters. As re
gards the latter Bancroft makes the
Interesting annoucement that the bu
reau "can supply x any American girls
•who are desirous of entering the elite
of British society with chaperones."
SARAH GRAND HEARD FROM.
Madame Sarah Grand has not been
heard from for some time, but she is
to the fore again with an essay in the
London "Boudoir." "Modern Un
graciousness" is her subject, and in
treating it Madame Sarah declares that
1 in her opinion the age of chivalry
j really has passed. She says the stand
ard of manners has been lowered all
over the world.
! "In Germany," continues this writer,
j "the Kaiser's men-machines take the
■ best part of the pavement 'from any
whom ther may safely elbow off; and
since the war there has been a lament
able falling off in France, that had
I the highest reputation for charm of
| manner up to the middle of thenine
l teenth century. . In fact," . says Sla
! dame Sarah, "French politeness has
, been degraded into an article, of com
i merce." • •
It's rather' a pity that English news
paper .writers, who lie in wait for
j the chance to do so, get so many op
portunities to exult over slips on the
part of their American brethren. At
present, for instance, the London news.
; papers are having fun with the repre-
I sentative of a Boston newspaper, who
; came over here recently to Interview
several prominent English authors.
j This traveler wrote: "The most in
■ teresting writer I met in London was
, If r. G. K. Chesterton, author of The
• Unspeakable Scot,' " and then proceeds
to give an interview he had with Ches
terton In which, as a. 'London weekly
drily remarks, "the latter is reported to
have kept up his anti- Scottish atti
tude v in a way that is surprising- con
sidering- th^t the real >■ autho> - of ■; the
'Unspeakable Scot' Is quite another
person."
Joan Baldwin
Scores Hit in
Piano Recital
(TALENTED PCPIL OF HUGO *
MANSFELDT. WHO GAVE PER
FORMANCE LAST NIGHT.
Miss Joan Baldwin at her recital at
Steiriway Hall last . night showed
much ability. Her programme was an
ambitious one and at the same time
lengthy. It comprised fourteen num
bers. The fair young pianist is pos
sessed of many qualifications that
should assist her, with patience and
practice, to reach a high place in the
ranks of professional musicians.
While Miss Baldwin Was pleasing in
all her numbers, the feature of the
evening was her really remarkable
rendition of the Rhapsodic Hongroise
No. i), "Carneval de Pesth," by Liszt.
Here her abilities showed at" their
best. The tender passages were given
with much delicacy, and feeling and in
the heavy portions of the composition
she exhibited unexpected strength and
powers of endurance. : She gave the'
diflicult Chopin numbers with much
appreciation of the composer's ideas.
The four selections by Albert I. Elkus
were little gems in their way and
were daintily interpreted. .
Miss Baldwin opened the concert
with selections Irom Schumann, but
was less at home in these than in the
other numbers. Perhaps she was a
trifle nervous. Hugo Mansfeldt should
certainly be proud of" his pupil.
WILL SOON SUCCEED
• 'PRESIDENT BAUTNETT
E. T. Jeffery to be Made Chief Exe
cutive Officer of the Western
Pacific Railway/
, • It was formally announced y ester-,
day that at the next rrieeting of the
directors of the Western Pacific Rail
way Company Attorney Walter J. Bart
nett, president of the corporation, will
be succeeded by E. T. Jeffery; presi
dent of the Denver and Rio Grande
road, who was recently elected a di
rector of the former company. Jef
fery's elevation to the presidency of
the Western Pacific will not surprise
many who have been watching close
ly the affairs of that concern, especial
ly since it became known that the
Goulds were behind it. The Gould3
have reposed a great deal of confidence
in Jeffery. Early in the year they
gave him authority to direct the sur
veying/operations along the proposed
route of the new railway.
"A telegram from President Bart
nett. who is now in New York, was
received here yesterday denying . re
cent reports to the effect that the
construction of the road . might be
abandoned. Bartnett's message stated
that the work of construction would
soon begin under the direction of a
big firm, which has lately been award
ed the contract, and that it will be
hurried to completion. . •
Charged With Stealing: Gloves.
A man who save' the name of Allen
Robb was detected by Special Police
men Allen and Tiltbn of the Empo
rium in secretitfk a- package of ladies'
gloves under, h!a coat. He .was ar
rested and booked at the Southern po
lice station ; on the charge of petty
larceny. .
' ■. '. ADVEKTISESIEXTS. ' ■ -
r&SA __in. j EST I R/&7 '■ AsS
I PLASTERS I
H Are & universal remedy for Pains In the Back (so frequent p
|U in the case of women). They give instantaneous relief. 9
Wi Wherever there is a pain apply a Plaster. bn
M DIRECTIONS .FOR USE' i
K| Forp«jn« in th« rf«on of For RheomatlfOi or Pfttas For Sore Threat, Cougha, F3I
Kg th«KMiwy»,orforaWe«K In 5b«aMm, Elb«wfl or Bronchitis, for Weak Ml
I Bade, the plaster should be elsewhere, or for Sprains, Lann and for painful and PN
S applied a» shown above. Gtlff ness. etc., and for sensitive parts of the abdo- wS
■9 WBercT«r * there is pain Aching Pe«t, cut plaster men, apply as indicated. K> i
g| , apply Alloock'a Plaster. sise and Ebapt required and E'j
j Rheumatism, Colds, Coughs il
I Weafc Chest, Weak Back : : . I
Q- . Lumbago, Sciatica. &c, &c, |
REMEMBER — Allcock's Plasters are the original and K
Wj& gentaine porous piaster and have never been equalled as pain curers. g| I
a Furtherroore, they arc absolutely safe as they do not contain bella- \
ra dorma, opium or any poison whatever. . p,
&L Insist Upon Having AUcock's. Jm
DESIRE A HOME
FOR SAILORMEN
Delegates to Seamen's Con
vention Eavor a Eetreat
for Superannuated Salts
PLAN ENTERTAINMENTS
Bally to Be Held Saturday
Night at the Union Hall
to Be an Important Event
.The second day's session of the con
vention ., of the Seamen's Union of
America was devoted principally to
routine business. It is expected by
Thursday the routine work will be
completed and the convention will take
up the important matters that are to
come up before it. Changing conditions
make it necessary to revise some of
the laws of the International body.
A special committee, composed of
Delegates P. Scharrenberg, W. H. Jen
kins and Daniel Sullivan, was appoint
ed to devise ways and means of estab
lishing a home for aged and decrepit
seamen. Unusual interest Is taken in
this question.
An appeal from E. A. W. O'Dell of
the Boot and Shoe Workers' Union was
read, which earnestly requested the
seamen to recognize the stamp of this
union. A like request was heard from
Woodworkers' Union of America, ask
ing the seafaring men to recognise
their trade-mark. Both appeals were
favored by the body.
A , report from Daniel Sullivan, a
third vice president of the union, was
read, which treated of the condi
tions of the American seafaring man.
Another important resolution was
introduced by Delegate F. Scharren
berg, who urged the International body
to affiliate with the Transport Workers'
Union of America.
The Orpheum has been selected for
a theater party, to be given to the vis
iting delegates this evening.
Arrangements have been made for a
banquet Saturday evening at a down
town restaurant. A trolley ride has
been Manned for Sunday, to give the
visitors an opportunity to visit the in
teresting points of this city.
The grand rally, which is to be held
on Saturday evening at Sailors' Union
Hall, will be of interest to all seamen
in this port, and they are urgently re
quested to attend, as many important
topics will be discussed.
ROOSEVELT PRAISES
NEW ZllALAXD'S POLICY
Says It Has Dealt With the Social
Question In a Bold and Conclu
sive Manner.
T. E. Donne, who has been repre
senting the New Zealand Government
at the St. Louis Exposition, visited
Washington recently and was ten
dered a most cordial reception by the
President. Mr. Roosevelt showed a
very intimate knowledge of New
Zealand's progressive legislation and
great natural beauties. -In the course
of their conversation Mr. Roosevelt
said:
I take a very great interest in N'ew Zealand.
It has done much to solve the problems re
specting labor; It. has gone much, further In
this direction- than any other country. It has
dealt with social questions in a very bold aijd
conclusive manner. "I have watched Its legis
lation very closely and with considerable inter
eat. In my opinion, it has gone on Found lines,
and I am very pleased to hear of the success
of its (if I may term it so) social legislation.
I cordially approve the granting of old age
pensions. There are many reputable persons
vho. from a variety of causes, cannot make
adequate provision for their old age. and it be.
hooves the state to assist In such cases. These
pensions should bo given as a rnaiter of right,
and not as charity. The world has a great
deal to learn from New Zealand. I am very
much interested In it and 1 am hoping to visit
it some day.
SUICIDE HARVEY'S BODY
IS FOUND IX TILE BAY.
Young Man While Demented Jumps
Off the Steamship Corona While
Passing Through Golden Gate.
The dead body of a man supposed
to be Robert W. Harvey or Bert W.
Harvey, formerly of Eureka, Hum
boldt County, was found floating in
the bay yesterday morning near Hun
ters Point. A letter addressed "B. W.
Harvey, Fort Jones, Siskiyou County,"
was signed by his mother and was
mailed at Eureka, October 5, 1904.
Another letter addressed "Bert Har
vey" was from his brother, R. L. Har
vey, on the letter-head of E. G. Pluke,
Eureka, Cal.
Bert Harvey was a youth of 18 years
of age. He jumped overboard from
the steamship Corona as the vessel
was passing through the Golden Gate
on November 21. The Corona was on
the way to Eureka. Harvey had been
out of "his mind for several days £nd
had been placed on the steamer by
friends. •
ADYERTTSKMK7VT3.
Holiday. Goods
Vrtll^^liiyiil Are now on exhibition *nd are g |i\ k({
unusually interesting. Stocks (H JLi W %**
7 are more complete than ever. JsSSggl* rr
Rich Cut Glass
&Mk JQ B ' ieC^ 1C l^ am P S sign* with ex- •?
2 r^K?5~-?Ttflr *»l l» V*Ww#Vlo centers. n ' rf)
i/^^t^Sfev C* o :,vc that impart the crowning touch §L/'^ciSp^!v^
Si 9 ' of ornamentatioQ to any apart- W^^^^SJ
l^\W&y BEAUTIFULLY DECORATED W=&&?iB
WBm^i CHINA AND BOHEMIAN
tt^^^^^gA^ Make your selections now in order to have
y^3<-^**^^ *hc advantage of selecting from full lines. * *"*LV-y
Proves a False Friend.
Gus Gustafson was booked at the
City Prjson yesterday by Detectives
Regan and O'Connell on a charge of
grand larceny. It Is alleged that on
December 4 Gustafson met Carl An
derson of 108 Berry street, who was
under the influence of Hauor. Gus
tafson offered to take Anderson home,
but instead took him to a,room at 606
Third street and stole his purse, con
taining S54. When searched at the
City Prison the purse, which was
identified by Anderson, was found in
Gustaf son's pocket. It contained $29.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions In Insolvency -were flled
In the United States District Court as
follows: Henry Meyer, electrician,
St. Helena, liabilities $4600, no as
sets; Richard Henry Wise, clerk, San
Francisco, liabilities 5675, no assets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RH3 ££& S Bk58 /^^ And many other painful and serious
i^^PP^l^ ailments from which most mothers
§ %{P 1 all^S suffer, can be avoided by the use of
Bm&S^iga m g&k rasa ". M9ft!r>s fri8irf *'' This great remedy
IS* 1^^ Ife i^ il s a G°^" sen<^ to women, carrying
wbP HBBaiarw^aW B ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who nses ''Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
its weight in gold to every ■ ■ ■ ■ H H BB B \a **&
woman, and will be sent free in plain B« g^| R S3
Bradfield Reoulator Co. Atlanta, Ga. 9 BciiB linH«3S§yP
SXAXEM1BNXS
OP THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS OF THE
SPRINGFIELD FIRE and NATIONAL FIRE
MARINE % INSURANCE COMPANY
IMCI1DAMPC PnMDAMY O r HARTrORD - IJJ the state of cojj-
INollnANut UUWlrANT on th« 31st day of Decemb«r-
v A. V. 1903. and for the year ending: on th 4
(\T SPRINGFIELD. IX THE STATE OF day, ss made to th« Insurance Comm!sslone»
y MasMchusetts. on the 31st day of Decem- of State of California, pursuant to th*
b*r, A. D. 1903. and for the year endlnir on ____._.__. „. R./.t«««. etn 1** «, , IT
that day. ts made to the Insurance Commls- lo f a ° f Sectl ° B » «• » n <» «» ** «»
rJor.cr of the State of California, pursuant to Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the nlshed by the Commissioner.
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur- CAPITAI*
niahed by the Commissioner. • ' " . __ ■ „ , _ .
CAPITAL. Amount ot Capital Stock, paid up
Amount of Capital' Stock, paid up «n Cash $1,000.000 00
In Cash $2,000.00000 ■
i :V ASSETS. " ' AS8ET9 -
Real Estate owned by Company..,. $227.000 00 R'»» Estate owned by Company... $334.S53 TX
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 654.500 00 Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 617.713 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 4.536.144 00 an<1 Bonds owned by Company.. 4 7S3.22S 00
"5?££^T^8f£S. 22 £ c £Zr rm Offlce «Vr M
ketable securities as collateral.. 14.875 00 Cash In Banks 333.379 00
Cash In Company's Offlce 2.048 20 Premiums la due Course of Collec- '
Cash In Banks 391,814 08 tlon 371.728 04
Interest due and accrued on all • .
Stocks and Loans 83.868 87 Total Assets $4.461. n<M m
Interest due and accrued on Bonds . — ■
and Mortgages 13.740 63 LIABILITIES.
Premiums In due Course of Collee-
t l 0n j-j 633.242 22 Losses adjusted and unpaid $51.924 77
Rents due "and* accrued / ■ 019 89 Losses In process of Adjustment
.. .m ,*jx .a or la Su »P«>»« 299.S95 34
Total Assets $6.400.450 58 Lo Mes restated. Including expenses. 33.203 00
LIABILITIES Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Losses adjusted and unpaid. ..'..... $79,823 84 I?, 1 ?* 01 * . **** W 1ST"' * ZKX '~
Losses In process cf Adjustment or 813 K : reinsurance SO per cent.. 1.465.909 79
j n Suspense 124,093 91 Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Losses resisted. Including expenses 28,436 43 nlng more than one year. $3,293.-
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- 952 73; reinsurance pro rata 1 <S9 CtS 93
1.169.043 63 "P— ««" ' »aC0D 00
° ?£^^L°onVZ™ a >lS£-- T^ IJ * bmU " -.»«a.« 83
274 21 : reinsurance pro rata 1,260,414 40
Commissions and Brokerage due ' X3?COM"E.
and to become due. 127.048 44 actnaUy wcelyt< j for
Total LJabllltles $2,788.98063 ***• prsmlums $3,979,101 45
.•;" -.;- .— ..: — Received for Interest oa Bonds and
';Yv, DTCOMB. Mortgages 29.823 IS
Net cash actually received for Fire Received for Interest and dividends
premiums. ........$3,208.18102 on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
Received for Interest on Bond ands from all oth#r ,„,„,, 204.247 23
HecelVed 'for interest and "dividends ' Received for Rents 13.273 21
£m B 3fth. S r^u'rVe- 1^!-..™ | 177.663 31 Total Income ....$4.231.247 04
Received for Rents 5.851 73 EXPKNDITXTRES. '
Total Income $3.418.417 79 N>t amotrat p. M for rin x^,^
ij EXPENDITURES. (Including $279,725 22. losses of
Net amount paid for Fire Losses previous years) $2.«20.273 15
(including $CCO, 420 72. losses of Dividends to Stockholders .... 120.000 00
previous years) $1,561.442 40 Paid or allowed for Commission or
Dividends to Stockholders 200.000 00 Brokerage 753.509 13
Paid or allowed for Commission or _ paW fw s.^^,, j. ee , Md oth#r
Pald°for Saliri'eV.'Fe^i* ana 'ether charges for officers, elerks. etc.. 299.8S3 73
1 charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 143.410 67 Paid for State. National and Local
Paid for State. National and Local taxes 139.138 53
taxes 123.162 59 All other payments and expend I-
All^other payments and expendl- J tures 289.052 TO
tures 304.134*3
.- -^ nA Total Expenditures $3,821,739 50
.Total Expenditures. $2,939,792 94 J ,
Los^s incurred during the year... $1.551)2%) 84 Lo«»«« marred during the year. .$2.063. 9C 93
Risks and Premlums.1 Fire Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums. I Fir* Risks. Premiums. :
Net amount of Risks ~ ' N ?* a i?2 m >_?f_ RI *l2
written during the I written during the
■ JAMES NICHOLS. President.
A. W. DAMON. President. b R. STILLMAN. Secretary.
W. J. MACKAT. Secretary. Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 25th lltn d . T o f January. 1904
day of January. 1904. / FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Publla.
V * PERCY S. GATES. Notary PubHo.
. CITY AGENCY:
LOUIO Le fJAINDO CO. .unpl e. RDlirf/M ATV
HAYWARD BUILDING AHPEL & BKUCKMAN
CITY (SAM FRANCISCO A6EMTS. 215 Sansome Street.
VACZTZO 9E PAXTXOITl
BOOMS 306-310 KATWaBS TXT&DXjrO
s a v nuoro xsoo, oaxn
' GEO. D.DORNIN, Manager
I geo. w. soBimr, A«t. xtstfn. jwo. a ixnunar, ad Aist. muuz«.
Bellboy Accused of Burglary.
George Henderson, a bellboy, 19
years of age. was arrested yesterday
by Policeman T. R. Egan and locked
up at the City Prison. He en
tered the residence of Mrs. Hoag.
530 Alabama street. on Sunday
by means of a false key and stole a
dress, shotgun and a quantity of tools,
which he sold to a secondhand dealer
on Howard street, between Fifth and
Sixth. He admitted his guilt, saying
he had lost his job and needed money.
He knew the habits of the Hoag fam
ily and took advantage of their tem
porary absence from home to enter
the house.
ASKS PA.Y FOR BROKEN "WRIST.—Mar
garet H. Miller, manager of a lo!<rtn< houa*.
ye«teTday mied the United Railroads for $10.
300 for Injuries sustained on July 9 on th»
California -jtrwt steam dummy at Third ave
nue. The dummy stopped suddenly and sh«
was thrown to the ground, breaking her wrist.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHJC D. SPRECKEL.S ♦ ♦ •• -Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL," COMMUNICATIONS TO
john MoN'ArGirr '•'-•'i'"i'l':" 'ill : 'iiuli^jl- - Man^ €T
PUBLIC ATIOX OFFICE.7. Z7Z. .... THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 7, 1904
THE PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE.
#
HP* HE President's vivid and virile message constitutes in its im
| mense scope and in its tone one of the most remarkable politi
cal pronouncements in the history of America. Nothing is
neglected, nothing i^ forgotten, and there can be very few who fail
to recognize that its author is, in the, deepest sense of the words,
President of the whole nation and not of a section only, and that
for him all mere party differences are submerged in»the common
and united needs of the people. No sincere mind can approach such
a message as this without a quickening of the patriotic sentiment
which is as vitailv necessarv to-dav as it ever was.
It is characteristic of the President that he should step at
once into the arena where the much vexed labor problem has held
the stage for so long. His words are those of a strong and judicial
mind, knowing neither fear nor favor, and unerringly recognizing
and indicating the principles of right and wrong which underlie the
transient self interests involved.
The paternal note which is audible throughout the whole mes
sage is especially significant, springing, as it so obviously does, from
a transparent sincerity, a recognition of duty, and an unswerving
courage to perform that duty. The strong are to be encouraged in
their well doing, where such well doing exists, and the weak are to
be protected in their lawful self-defense. The distressing problems of
child labor, of child criminality and of child mortality must be
faced and solved, and there must be a recognition that the "sapping
of the vitality of those who are usually spoken of as the working
classes" can find no commercial justification whatever. A remedy
must be found for the destructive miseries of overcrowding, and
all other questions sink into "utter insignificance when compared
with the vital, the tremendous importance" of guaranteeing the
proper and natural development of domstic and family life. In his
care for the child and for the family the President shows himself to
be a statesman strong enough and wise enough to identify the needs
of the future with those of to-day, and his words will certainly call
forth a sympathetic and universal response.
The President's references to the broad public and commercial
questions of the day are necessarily condensed, but they are none
the less significant. The highways of commerce must be kept open
upon equal terms and "the rebate must be stopped." There must
be some general supervision over railway rate;s, and there must be
a policy of fair and open inquiry into the methods of "many im
portant corporations." The process of naturalization must be reg
uUted, the purity of elections insured, and the arm of the law must
be so strengthened and lengthened that it can reach those who sin
against the nation as well as those who sin against the individual.
The President's conception of liberty is a wide one, but it is not
wide enough to include the liberty to infringe upon the natural
rights of others.
Upon national needs the message is no less explicit and com
prehensive. American armaments must be 'sufficient for American
defense, and the "peace of tyrannous terror" must be shunned. There
must be eternal vigilance against external foes as well as against
those of our own household, and the merchant marine must be en
couraged by appropriate legislation.
Especially welcome are the Presidential references to the agri
cultural interests of California and of the country in general. The
immense irrigation work initiated by the reclamation act must be
carried on, and the forest reserves must be so handled that their
resources may be permanently useful. Encouragement must be
given to the Department of Agriculture with its almost limitless
researches into all the sciences of production.
Not least among the President's recommendations is that which
indicates the need .in every department of national life for courage,
good sense, kindliness and forbearance, a respect for the rights of
others and a sense of broad community of interest. In deep in
sight into national need, in wise and honest courage, the Presidential
message will leave its mark upon the political and social thought of
THE DEMAND FOR POETRY.
MR. BOYXTOX, who has written real literature into newspaper
work, declares that the people no longer buy poetry, and that
it finds an indifferent market. We beg*to suggest to Mr.
Boyhton that he get some one to write some poetry and test the
market with it. Poets and prophets appear at long intervals, and
their product has a permanent market. We think that Shakespeare's
works have an increasing market, and that the product of Tennyson,
Burns, Moore and Byron finds buyers. Among the moderns and
Americans, Joaquin Miller and Rudyard Kipling have a steady
vogue, and their best work does not fail of recognition. i
But perhaps Mr. Boynton means that rhymes do not repay the
cost of printing. That is probably true. Rhymesters we have al
ways with us, while poets appear occasionally and their work is
rare enough to be appreciated. Rhymes, more or less, are always
on the market and usually on the bargain counter: The public taste
is more critical. Even some of the hymns that used to be popular
are omitted from the modern books of sacred song, and tuneful
worshipers demand literature as well as pious passion in their
hymns. It is a reaction from the ragtime in both verse and melody,
that denotes refinement rather than decline in public taste.
• The people want a poet for their money, and will pay when he
appears. We mean no offense to the many genial rhymesters who
mistake a burro for Pegasus. Their work is to poetry what the
foothills are to Olympus, and they are not always productive of
sadness, for they contribute to the gayeties of life by their well
meant efforts. Their work is upon us now like a cloud, which may
serve as a background for the lightning flash of real poetry which
comes unexpected and unheralded, for the thunder follows the
CRIME AND ITS CRITICS.
DR. COX AN DOYLE has contributed so much to the nation's
amusement and instruction that we may well listen patiently
to his monitions on the subject of crime in America. A total
of 32,000 lives lost through homicide within the space of three years
ought certainly to cause some reflection and amendment-
There will of course be nowhere any desire to minimize the
gravity of these^figures, although there may well be a recognition
of circumstances which do not exist elsewhere. Among these the
immense extent of territory must largely enter, as well as the fact
that immigration annually pours upon our shores a vast flood of
human beings for whose good behavior the country cannot become
at once responsible. Many of these new arrivals have never learned
the sanctity of human life, and crimes are thus often' transferred to
American calendars which ought Jmore justly to be debited else
where.
Lord Chief Justice Alverstone, upon the same occasion, paid
what was no more than a debt of justice when he said that Great
Britain had much to learn from America, and that Americans were
working hard to make their system not only humane but truly pre
ventive of crime.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
A Massachusetts clergyman says that prayer* have brought him riches.
'Brethren, let ua pray." — New York Herald.
Is plentiful," says Secretary. Shaw, "and It's cheap, too." • Now,
isn't that tantalizing? But, then, talk's cheap, ,too. — New York Herald.
New Tork wants a business man for postmaster, but the politicians want
a mixer and pie distributor. — Birmingham (Ala.) Age-Herald.
It does not seem to have occurred to General Stoessel that he might re
rigrn. — Chicago Tribune.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1904.
ABSENT- MINDED
MARIA
BY CATHERINE BURGESS.
I
r would have been an injustice to
J Doctor Jardine and to his state_of
mind on a certain January evening:
in the year It-doesn't-matter-what
to say that he was in a bad tem
per. It was beyond that— a disgust
! with himself, the world and life so
consuming as to make his outward ac
tions almost automatic, so separate
were they from his inner self.
; Yet professional habit was strong.
1 The patients in the long wards saw
Doctor Jardlne watched her
amazed.
no difference as he stopped here and
there in his tour of inspection, and
asked the usual questions. Only one
young Irish girl, with the clearness
of death in her eyes, laid her hand
on his as he touched her tenderly, and
whispered, "You'd betther be comin"
wid me, docther, dear. Things'll be
straighter— there."
It ; was not the first time he had
thought of it. Really, the inner voice
questioned, as he listened to the report
of the head nurse, what good was his
life to the world anyway? Here he
had gone half way across the conti
nent, this bitter January, to attend in
a great operation — and the man had
died, after all. He was not necessary
in the hospital, there were a dozen
better men; his wife — but he turned
from that thought instinctively; his sis
ter—she would forget he 'had lived or
died, at the sight of a Lafayette plate.
■the head nurse had finished her re
port. He looked at his desk piled with
mall.
"I can't read it to-night," he decided
aloud.
"The top one came yesterday by
messenger," the head nurse said. "It
la marked 'important,' " and she re
tired softly.
Doctor Jardlne broke the seal.
"Dear Brother," the note ran. "1
have heard of some extraordinary old
Staffordshire up in Ulster County, and
I start in ten minutes. Cornelia Frye
knows It, too, so you see there Is no
tome to lose. I may be back before
you return from the West, but in case
I do not, I enclose keys. We have
moved in your absence." (He smiled
at the "we.") "The new apartment is
19 East Eighty-fourth street. The Jan
itor of the old one was impertinent.
It is on the second floor, to the left.
Your room is at the end of the hall.
' "Your affectionate sister,
"MARIA."
The note was so characteristic, the
situation bo fitting a cllma^ to his
week of work and strain, that hl3
sense of humor was touched. "Per
fect," he murmured to himself as he
eent for a cab.
At 19 East Eighty-fourth street the
cabman had to work with voice and
hand to rouse his fare.
"I never knowed any gen'l'man so
far gone before three in the morn
ing." he observed to the area rail
ings.
Unconscious of the impression he
had left behind Doctor Jardine
stumbled up the front steps.
"Jardine, sir? Out, I believe, sir,"
said a sleepy hall boy.
"I know; I am Doctor Jardine."
The boy stared, succumbed to the
voice of authority and dozed again.
In the room at the end of the hall
the principal object of interest to the
weary man was the bed, a four-poster,
with curtains, surprising enough to
one who was used to sleeping on an
iron cot.
"Confound Maria!' he grumbled.
"II 1 she starts collecting antique fur
niture as well as plates I am lost!"
The four-poster wore a very Invit
ing air, despite Its unexpectedness.
Doctor Jardlne slowly pulled off his
shoes and divested himself of coat and
waistcoat.
! "I must lie down a moment," he
murmured, "and — think- — this — ever,"
and the bed received him into its
depths.
, He dreamed. A weird procession
passed before him like the figures In
a frieze — and every one was his wife!
Now she was laughing, now dancing:,
now weeping, now stern as the angel
outside paradise, always g~azlng at
him with unseeing eyes. He struggled
to reach her, but could not; he heard
her retreating: footsteps — retreating
yet sounding always nearer. Striving
to solve the puzzle, he awoke. The
footsteps continued, not loud and omi
nous as In his dream, but light, flit
ting steps— they -reminded him of
some one he had known. For' a mo
ment he stared bewildered Into the
darkness of the curtained bed, the
steps seeming to echo from his dream.
Then he remembered-^Maria . was in
Ulster County." "Who was the intruder?
Ho parted the curtains a finger's
breath and looked out. The room
beyond was dimly; lighted. Trunks
stood open, with books ; and clothing
in orderly piles beside them. The
clink of silver came from the room
across the hall.
"Looting the place, by Jove!" the
doctor whispered. He half arose, but
at the sound of returning BteDS he
sank back, his eye at the curtain part-
Ing. \
"Of all things in heaven and earth!"
Instead of leaDins out, he drew the
edges closer. "A woman!"
A woman it was who had entered the
adjoining room, and who proceeded,
with a business-like air, to store an
armful of silver in one of the yawning
trunks. Doctor Jardine watched her,
amazed. Her back was toward him,
and he noted its graceful lines, as she
lifted and bestowed her booty. She
looked a lady. Gradually he began to
feel like a peeping Tom rather than an
outraged householder. How should he
announce his presence? Would she
faint? What should he do with her?
What would Maria say?
At last she lifted the little shaded
lamp and turned straight toward him.
Not four feet from him she put the
lamp down and sighed, like a tired
child. He wondered afterward how he
lived through that moment. That she —
the woman he still loved, who bore hla
name, who had forsaken him — could
she have become a common thief? In
credible! It was a nightmare. The
curtains stifled him. He tore them
apart. The woman saw a pale, gasping
face fronting her, the eyes horror
struck as of one looking on a ghost. An
instant her own matched it, then she
fainted. '
"Molly!" he cried, and sprang to her.
She revived readily; he remembered
she had never been a fainting woman.
She clung to him.
"Robert," she whispered, "that hor
rible man!"
Then, watching his face, she let go
her hold.
"Robert! Were you he?"
He nodded, unable to speak.
"What did you do it for? It was
too dreadful! I thought it was a
burglar! How did you find me?"
"Find you? I opened my eyes and
Baw you!"
"Of course, but how did you know 1
was here?"
"What do you mean? How did you
know I was here?" he demanded.
"Are you trying to make a Joke of
it?" she cried. "You creep into my
rooms like a thief—"
"A thief!" he echoed. "Your rooms!
Aren't they mine? They knew my
name downstairs — "
"You are more ungenerous than I
could have expected," she Interrupted.
"Whose name could I bear but yours?
You are strangely forgetful!"
"No," he answered. "No, Molly, I
never forget If only I could! I shall
go mad some day, remembering."
Then, pulling himself together, "For
give this business, Molly. It's queer
enough, but it's some mistake of
Maria's. She has taken a new apart
ment, and — and, evidently this is not
it. I thought it was. Maybe I made
a mistake myself, I was dead tired.
Anyhow, I'll get out. I can go some
where, of course."
"It is hardly 'worth while," she re
plied. "It will, soon be morning, any
how. Jenny and I have been packing
all night, or rather I have, since she
fell asleep taking down pictures. We
sail to-morrow on the Oceanic."
He did not answer. The excitement
had faded from his face and left It
white and haggard. She came closer.
"Robert, I would never have gone
to you. I had injured you too much.
I know now It was my own fault —
my own Jealousy. But that does not
matter. We shall soon be separated,
perhaps forever. Fate — or God — has
brought us together for a moment
first. Forgive me!"
T»o hours later there was a knock
at the door. Doctor Jardine and his
wife looked at each other with eyes
in which laughter and panic mingled.
"And you are a respectable widow,"
he mocked.
But it was only old Jenny who ap
peared upon the threshold. Her hands
and eyes' went up in happy gesticu
lation. /
"Thank the Lawd!" she cried, "the
two stubbornes* folks in the wo'ld
have done come together again! An'
Mis' Molly, the's a tel'phone fer the
doctah from the horspital. Mis' Jar
dlne's jest raisin' New Yawk because
he ain't come home, an' —
"But I have come home!" cried
Doctor Jardlne. "Where'B the tele
phone. Jinny?"
In a moment he returned, laughing.
"This is 19 East, isn't it?" he in
quired. "Well, my slsifir Maria 'jest
natcherly,' as Jinny would say, wrote
East when she meant West. I never
thought I should live to bless the ab
sent-mindedness of Maria, but heaven
knows I do now, with all my heart
and soul!"
And, though Molly was silent, she
felt for the first time that she truly
loved her sister-in-law.
(Copyright, 1904, by Catherine
Burgess.)
A FEW EARLY MORNING SMILES
"POOR POP!"
Mrs. Benton Holme— See, Charley,
what a sweet smile there is on baby's
face.
Benton Holme— Yes; I guess he's
decided , to .. wake up at , 8 a. m. and
make me \ walk - him the rest of the
night " 4 " •' ■;-•■■■■••/: " . ' " ■ . ;
Mrs. Gi lmans Plan
Startles Her
Hearers.
MRS CHARLOTTE) PERKINS GER
MAN WHO HAS A NEW DOMES
TIC FEUCITY SCHEME.
fY\ ~RS. CHARLOTTE PERKINS
III GILMAN has created two sen
/ 1 I sations in Chicago woman's
| | clubs In the last week, says the
Tribune of the Windy City. At
a meeting of the Chicago "Women's
Aid last week she evolved a scheme
for domestic felicity which included
the segregation of infants and the
establishment of co-operative kitch
ens. She declared that in the mun
icipal nurseries which she would have
established the infants would receive
better care than the "creature'! whom
they call "mother" is able to give
them. She said the home was no
more the proper place for the prep
aration of food than for the making
of boots. Yesterday at Hull House
she urged that the widow who lets
her child work to support her is no
better than would be the woman who
ate her child because she was hun
gry.
THE PILGRIMS.
UPON the white sea-sand
There sat a pilgrim-band.
Telling the losses that their lives
had known,
While evening waned away
From breezy cliff and bay,
And the strong tides went out with
weary moan. ,
One spake, with quivering lip,
Of a fair-freighted ship,
"With all his household, to the deep gone
down;
And one had wilder wo«.
For a fair face long ago
Lost in the darker depths of a great
town.
There were who .mourned their youth
"With a most loving truth.
For its brave hopes and memories ever
green;
And one upon the west
Turned an eye that would not rest.
For far-off hills whereon his Joy had
been.
Some talked of vanished gold,
Some of proud honors told.
Some spake of friends that were their
trust no more;
And one of a green grave.
Beside a foreign wave,
That made him sit so lonely on the
shore.
But when their tales were done,
There spake among them one —
A. stranger, seeming from all sorrow
free —
"Sad losses have you met,
But mine Is heavier yet.
For a believing heart hath gone from
me."
"Alas!" these pilgrims said.
"For the living and the dead.
For fortune's cruelty and love's sure
cross.
For the wrecks of land and Sea! ,
But, howe'er it came to thee,
Thine, stranger. Is life's last and heav
iest loss!
— Flttsburg Press.
The people who make- unpleasant
remarks are by no means remarkable.
A CALL DOWN.
Mr. Newwed (4 a. m. and loaded)—
My dearsh, I'h-hlc-sorry to be-hic-so
late. You ■ shouldn't-hic-have waited
supper-hic-for me.
Mrs. Newwed (setting: table)—Sup
per! Why, I'm gettinsr ready for
breakfast. ! ' : .
*THE SMART SET*
BY SALLY SHARP.
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Parker, with Mis3
Beatrice Campbell and Miss Alice
Campbell, are passengers on the Si
beria, from Honolulu to this port. Hiss
Alice Campbell comes for an errand
of interest — to procure a trousseau —
for she is the affianced bride of Clar
ence MacFarlane, son of Frederick
MacFarlane. Their wedding will take
place in San Francisco in April. Miss
Muriel Campbell is attending- school at
Notre Dame, Cal., and the Princess
David Kawananakoa, another daugh
ter of Mrs. Parker, has remained in
Honolulu to take charge of the Par
ker home during the absence of its
members. j. .
• • •
Commander and Mrs. C." B. T.
Moore will sail on the twenty-second
for Tutuila, Samoa, where the Gover
norship now filled by Commander Un
derwood will be assumed by Com
mander Moore.
• • •
The guests asked to meet Miss Wells
and Mr. Hanna at Mrs. Gerrit Uving:
ston Lansing's dinner on Monday eve
ning were Mrs. William Spencer, Dr.
and Mrs. Reginald Smith, Mr. and
Mrs. Ralph Hart, Mr. McAfee.
Mrs. Charles Deering entertained
twelve *guests at luncheon yesterday.
This was the second In a series of
luncheons which Mrs. Deering will give
through the winter. ...
Mrs. J. S. Lewis will entertain at
cards this afternoon in her apartments
at the Palace Hotel.
The charity ball on Monday night
was preceded by the usual number of
dinner parties, among: them one given
by Mrs. J. B. Schroeder and her daugh
ter. Miss Eugenie Hawes, in their
apartments at the Pleasanton. Miss
Partridge, daughter of Bishop Part
ridge, of Japan, and a niece of Mrs.
"William James Cuthbert (Margaret
Simpson), was the guest of honor.
Another, affair, exclusively for buds,
will be a luncheon given by Mrs. Alex
ander D. Keyes with Mi?s Charlotte
Wilson euest of honor. This will take
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
Shozving a Pretty Little Cloak Made of Ecru Broadcloth
TrinttJled With Heavy White Stitching, The Foundation
Lining on to Which the Circular Flounce* Ar§ Put It q{
Ecru Satin.
Mrs. Newllwed — Oh, Henry, what's
the matter with you? Are you sick?
Mr. Newllwed;— Jusht a (hlc) trifle,
m* dear. You shee, barber put bay rum
on my (hlc) mustache, an' it 'ffected
my Bhtomaeh.— Philadelphia Press.
HE KNEW.
She — I dreamt last night dat I had
all. the Ice cream I could eat.
He— Aw, saw on, dere ain't dat
mutch.
place on the 14th, and will be a general
merry-making time for all these gay
young things.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Barry Col«man and
Miss Lucy Coleman will entertain at a
large ball in* the maple room of the
Palace this evening.
Miss Amy Garoutte will be the guest
of honor at a luncheon given to-day by
Mrs. G. H. Umbsen. It Is expectei
that the engagement of Miss Garoutte
will be announced.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey and
Miss Anita Harvey will entertain at a
large tea to be given on December 15.
The wedding of Miss Margaret Kln
rey and Bertram Chase Towne will be
solemnized at Grace Church to-day, at
high noon. The bride la a daughter of
Mrs. Phoebe Kinsey, formerly of Eu
gene, Oregon, whose husband! was ona
of \he founders of that city. The
bridegroom is an attorney of San
Francisco. Miss Greta Waterman will
be maid of honor, E. R. Waterman
serving as best man to the bridegroom,
while Dr. G. M. Terrill will act as es
cort to the bride's mother. Mm. Kin
sey has bought a beautiful home at
San Mateo, where, she, with Mr. and
Mrs. Towne, will reside.
MlS3 G. Gearln of Portland. Oregon,
is the guest of Mrs. Alphonsa Kelly.
Miss Gearin was a guest at the Con
federate ball on Monday evening, and
her gown of rainbow chiffon was ex
quisite and greatly admired.
Mrs. R. A- Vance was hostess at a
dinner followed by a theater party at
the Columbia, on Saturday evening,
December S. The affair was la honor
of Mrs. John M. Vance and Miss Car
lotta Vance of Eureka.
Mr. and Mrs. I* Auerbach. annonnca
the engrasement of their daughter.
Belle, to Carl Greenhood of Montana.
Mrs. Benjamin Goldsmith will be at
home on first Tuesdays at her resi
dence on California street and Third
avenue.
EXPERT PRAISES
THE CALL'S LIST
OF PRETTY ROSES
University of California ArrtoaXtBr
al Experiment Station, Berfcal«y.
Deo. 8.
Editor of The Call: Th» ISst of
roses which you submit Include* many
which are standards of excellence In
their different forms and colon every
where. Others are roses which have
attained exceptional excellence hi Cal
ifornia, and others are of more recent
origin, but none the less Interesting.
For standard quality, then, as well as
for notable Instances and charming
novelty, the list la a good one.
. E. J. WICKSON.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
BAY DISTRICT TRACK — VT. T. D..
City. The Bay District race track In
San Francisco was closed as a racing
track March 1. 1896. \
THE STATE— O. B., Healdsbur*.
and A. O. R., City. For Information
as to the various counties or any par
ticular county of the State in the mat
ter of crops, climate, possibilities, etc..
address a letter of Inquiry to the Cali
fornia Promotion Commltteee, 25 New
Montgomery street, San Francisco, Cal.
VALUE OF COINS— A Subscriber.
City. This department does not an
swer questions as to the value of
United States coins unless the inquiry
is accompanied by a self-addressed
and stamped envelope. Such ques
tions are answered by mail, not
through this department
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses aad public men by tn«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Call*
itarnla street. Telephone Mala 1043, * /BOHEMIAN CLUB OPENS ITS
DOORS TO FAIR FEMININITY
Eighth Exhibit of Members Work High Qlass
A fiun-colored catalogrue, emblazoned
■with a naughty-visaged owl, proclaims
to the populace that the "Eighth An
nual Exhibtlon of Paintings by the
Artist Members of the Bohemian Club"
is on— beginning last night and lasting
until December 21. ;
Clearly the club inclines to be kind |
to women folk, for It opened its seduc- j
tive doors to femininity last night, giv- (
ing to it the freedom of the club — to j
such as were accompanied by members, j
And as further proof of the club's ten
derness to women the following an
nouncement Is maude: i
"The public (including ladies) will be
admitted to the Jinksroom (only),
■where the exhibition of pictures will be
held, upon presentation of cards issued I
by members, on Saturday, 10, Tuesday, j
December 13, Friday, December 16, and j
Wednesday, December 21, from 2 to 5 j
p. m., with last day closing with an ;
evening reception."
Now, all women love the mysterious—
the vague and unattainable. Therefore j
do they love to wander Into a man's
club. Just because there's a sort of
"forbidden fruit" fantasy about it. It's
out of the ordinary — hence appealing,
and the reason for the* smart crush of
last night.
Observation would divide the func
tion into two phases, the artistic and
the social, with the latter rather in
the lead.
But the pictures — not the crush, the
cupper, the pretty women, the gowns —
are what we were there for. And well
pleased was he •who went about the
jinksroom with his eyes, physical and
mental, alight, for there is a splendid
show of strength and beauty and poet
ry on the walls.
True, Peters, Matthews, McComas
and Welch are missing, but their fel
lows have "made good" as never be
fore — bo eay the artist folk, who real
ly ought to know. Among those whose
pictures and statuary appear are: II.
R Bloomer, Giuseppe Cadenasso, M.
Earl Cummlngs (sculptor), J. W. Claw-
Eon, Maynard Dixon, C. J. Dickman,
J. R. Dickinson, John M. Gamble. Chris.
Jorgensen, L. P. Latimer, Xavier Mar
tinez, A- Putnam (sculptor), Orrin
Peck. G. A. P. Plazzoni, Charles D.
Robinson, Matteo Sandona, H. W. Sea
well, J. A. Stanton and Theodore Wores
—seventy-one pictures and ten bits of
sculpture being shown.
Besides these, in the redroom a most
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B.KATSGHINSKlI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAH FRANCISCO 1
Adjoining- Call Bnlldln?. |
We give "Free Premium \
i Checks." Ask for them when j
| you purchase shoes here; they
are absolutely free; they do R
not cost j'ou one cent extra. '
j You can exchange our "Free
Premium Checks" for beauti-
ful house furniture.
TRUE MERJf SHOES I
FOR MEN
. True merit In every pair made
by Buckingham & Hecht. Wear a
pair you will get:
i Absolute Batisf action.
Perfect Comfort
♦ Elegance of Style.
Unequaled Workmanship
Most for Your Money.
Our Guarantee behind every pair
and every statement. . Vlcf kid.
Box calf. Velour calf. Alaska Seal
Sizes 6 to 12. PRICE 83750.
MAT* OBPE88 TOLgp
We issue Christmas Sboe Orders
for any amount. They are Tery
acceptable End appropriate for
Holiday Presents.
B. KATSCH1NSKI
10 THIRD ST.. Saa Prtad»co.
SOME OF THE PICTURES IN THE
BOHEMIAN CLUB f S ANNUAL. EX
HIBIT.
Interesting exhibit in the form of a
memorial has been arranged by New
ton J. Tharp, composed of the carica
tures of Henry, Barkhaus, whose prom
ising career was cut oft! by death in
1S87. /-■'-.
This remarkable lad— he was but 20
at his death — showed promise of becom
ing one of the greatest caricaturists of
the world. Versatile, humorous, seri
ous, of picturesque mind, of lightning
conception and of nervous dexterity,
he left behind him a wonderful amount
of clever work, and work that will out
live the generations whose follies he
Jeered and ridiculed in his own fan
tastic manner.
Taken all in all, the Bohemian Club
exhibit is an index of the great awak
ening in Western art. The initial re
ception was a mighty smart affair, and
most of the women devoted some time
TWENTY-MINUTE
SOCIETY HOLDS
A RECEPTION
The sale of articles made by mem
bers of the Twenty-Minute Society of
St. Luke's Church began in the base
ment of the church yesterday after
noon and was followed by a reception
in the evening. The rooms were pret
tily decorated in holiday fashion,
branches of huckleberry predominat
ing, with branches of bright Christ
mas berries to add a spice of color.
The tables were burdened with sea
sonable offerings, which had cost the
donors hours of tedious toil. This so
ciety has a membership of 150, each
one of whom is pledged to devote
twenty minutes of her time each day
in producing some useful article,
which may be sold for the benefit of
charity either within or without the
church. The proceeds of the sale.which
opened yesterday ar-' will be contin
ued this afternoon and evening, will
be devoted to the' organ fund of the
church.
The ladies who axe so ably manag
ing the - affair are Mesdames Caduc,
Louis F. Monteagle, James Ruggles,
John Dare, George B. Kellogg, H. L.
Davis, Sidney Worth, Warren D.
Clark. A. P. Talbot, Sidney B. Smith,
E. Brownell, Fred Beavers, George
Shreve, C. C. Pennell. H. Olsen Wil
liams, S. Boardman, W. C. Morrow, E.
E. Bryant, E. . J. Bonner and Miss
Hamlln.
The officers of the society are Mrs.
Caduc, president; Mrs. A. N. Drown,
Mrs. S. B. Smith, Mrs. Monteagle and
Mrs. H. B. Scott, vice presidents; Miss
Eleanor Davenport, secretary; Mrs.
George W. Kline/treasurer.
Mechanics' Institute Grows.
A meeting 1 of the board of trustees
of the Mechanics* Institute was held
last evening with Rudolph J. Taussig,
president, in the chair. Secretary
Cumming announced that in the last
three months ninety-four ■■ members
and 1533 new volumes had been add
ed to the library. The attendance
at Professor H. Morse Stephens' Uni
versity Extension lectures had aver
aged 1500. The members of the board
present were President Taussig.
George H. Wallis, George Beanston,
Alpheus Bull, Edward P. Heald; Byron
Mauzy, L. R. Mead, Robert W. Neal,
James Spiers, '■ Otto von Geldern'and
Luther Wagoner.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 7, -1004.
to the pictures — more time than they
grave last year, and thus doth the minds
of women grow, even as do the men's.
The Sequoia Club held Its usual "at
home" last evening at the St. Francis,
with Miss Lillie O'Ryan the hostess,
assisted by the following ladies: Airs.
William Keith, Mrs. Reginald Knight
Smith, Mrs. J. H. Jewett, Miss Frances
Jolliffe, Miss Ednah Robinson, Miss
Margaret O'Callaghan, Miss Marie
"Wells, Mrs Norris, Mrs. Adolph Graup
ner. Mrs. Fernando Pfingst, Mrs. Marc
Gerstle, Mrs. Andrews, Miss Elizabeth
Mills, Miss Edith Henrlci, Mrs. Louis
Long and Mrs. Franklin K. Lane.
The miniatures of Miss O'Ryan -were
on exhibition and well merited the
warm praise accorded them. Besides,
there were some larger bits of work,
equa/Iy high class. Including a life
portrait of Mrs. Edward Newell.
Th? exhibit -will continue during the
■week In the Sequoia Club room, to
which the public Is Invited.
Where English Women
Get Their Rosy Cheeks.
To have happiness or the power to enjoy, you must
have health, and that is the great secret. You
will fyardly-.find a man or woman in all the British
Empire without a box of Beecham's Pills. They
always have them on hand, so that whenever an ad-
verse condition arises, a dose is taken in time, so /that
They Never Have Torpid Livers,
Constipation nor Indigestion.
Y%n would have rosy cheeks, too, if your liver was
right, and can have them, too, if you will take
Beecham's Pills. You seldom see rosy cheeks on a
dyspeptic or on a person troubled with biliousness,
sick headaches or constipation. You can eat well,
sleep well, and Be as well and healthy as others, if
you will do as they do—
Gold Everywhere In Boxes, I Oc. and 26b«
WILD KANGAROO
LOOSE IN PARK
Australian Quadruped Leaps
Barrier and Is Still on
the Jump When Last Seen
JELUDES THE POLICEMEN
Long-Legged Beast Outf oots
Horses of His Pursuers
and Scares Pedestrians
There was a new "Tale of the Kan
garoo" at the park last night. One
of the Australian natives jumped the
fence of his paddock and successfully
eluded the attempts of two mounted
policemen to capture him. At a late
hour this morning he was still Jump-
Ing, s
A pedestrian on McAllister street,
near Stanyan, about 9 o'clock last
night, was startled by an odd-looking
form sitting serenely on the park wall
at that point, calmly taking In the
surrounding landscape.
The glistening eyes of tha quadru
ped filled him with fear and he left
a trail of dust as he sped for the Park
Police Station.
Mounted Policemen Pidgeon and
Budd started after the escaped curio.
They found him still reclining on his
haunches at the northwest corner of
the park. Carefully they drove their
horses near the animal. Pldgeon
poised his lariat for a moment and
then threw it. The rope sailed square
for Mr. Kangaroo's head, but the wily
Australian, with a great leap, deftly
Jumped through the loop. With huge
bounds he started westward, the po
licemen after him. Like Mark Twain's
coybte, the curio did not seem to over
exert himself, but, after the fashion of
the desert scavenger, easily kept Just
out of reach of his pursuers.
The hunt lasted for two hours; the
kangaroo leading the mounted men a
merry chase up and down hill, around
trees and down embankments. Several
times Pidgeon and Budd attempted to
ensnare the beast, but always he elud
ed the lariat. )
After a long chase the animal seemed
to tire of being pursued and with a
few bounds left his would-be captors
alone In the trees of the park. Up to
a late hour no trace of the kangaroo
could be found.
To Address the Xavy Lieaffue.
An address on the subject, "Navy
Expenditure as Insurance Premium,"
will be given by Dr. J. Mora Moss at
a meeting of the San Francisco Sec
tion of the Navy League of the United
States on Wednesday, December 14, at
8 p. m., at the Chamber of Commerce,
307 Sansome street, second floor. The
meeting will be presided over by Ed
ward Mills Adams. The address will
be followed by a general discussion by
the members. All patriotic citizens,
both men and women, who are inter
ested in the building up of the Amer
ican navy are cordially invited to be
present.
Semi-Annual Millinery Sale.
Miss J. E. Connor begs to announce to the
ladies of Ban Francisco that she will offer her
entire stock of imported hats at rreatly re
duced rates: $25 hats, $15; $15 hats. $10; $10
hats, $5. Sale beginning Monday, 9 a. m., and
following days. 138 O«ry st. "'/'-•• -
BURGLARS IN JEWELRY STORE.— The
Jewelry "tore of J. Strauss, 441 Bush street,
was entered on Sunday morning and about $500
worth of Jewelry stolen. Detectives Dinan.
Armstrong and Braig arrested Charles Harris,
a colored man, and James Farrell, and they
will be charged with the burglary. The stolen
Jewelry has been recovered. Harris ic known
to the police as a dangerous man, but nothing
Is known about Farrell.
GOVERNOR WILL
NOT BE RUSHED
Pressure for Appointments
of tKe Judges for Newly
Created Courts of Appeal
FIELD OF ASPIRANTS
Legislature Must Provide
Means for Payment of Kent
and Salaries of Attaches
The pressure for the Immediate ap
pointment of nine Judges for the new
Appellate Courts Is very strong:, but
there Is gossip to the effect that the
Governor refuses to be rushed. The fact
Is taken Into consideration that the
Legislature must provide means for
the payment of court expenses for the
last half of the present fiscal year, and
for the. succeeding two years. Apart
from the salaries of Judges, money
must be allowed for rent of court
rooms, the employment of clerks, sten
ographers and bailiffs.
The applicants for the favor of the
appointing power are legion. It la the
impression of leading lawyers that the
nine Judges will be taken from this
list of aspirants:
. FIRST DISTRICT.
Republicans — Ex-Judge Edwari Sweeney,
Shasta; Commissioner N. C. Chlpman, Tehama;
Judge Smith. Sierra; T. -I*"-* Carothers and
Judge Mannon, Mendocino; Judge Buckles, So
lano; W. W. Middlecoff. San Joaauln; Judge
Baxhom and Judge Dougherty, Sonoma, and
Judge Cooper, Humboldt.
Democrats — Judge MoLeughlln, Plumas;
Judg« Rust, Amador.
SECOND DISTRICT.
Republicans — Commissioner Ralph C. Har
rison, Judge Carroll Cook and E. Tauzsky. San
Francisco; Judge Henry A. Melvin and Judge
S. P. Hall, Alameda; Qeorgre C. Roes. San
Mateo.
Democrats — Commissioner James A. Cooper,
San Francisco; Judge Clarke, Santa Clara.
THIRD DISTRICT.
Republicans — Victor E. Shaw, San Diego;
Commissioner W. A. Gray, Tulare; Judge Oa
ter. Ban Bernardino: Judge Allen and Judge
York Los Angeles.
Democrats — Commissioner George Smith. J.
A. Anderson and Judge Track, Los Angeles;
Judge Short, Kings.
According to the constitutional
amendment recently adopted the Gov
ernor must appoint one of the Judges
in each of the three districts as the
presiding Judge.
It is gossip in court circles that Judge
Henry A. Melvin of Alameda and
Judge Edward Sweeney of Shasta are
so highly commended that they will
be appointed. It is said also that the
Governor desires to recognize the pres
ent Court Commissioners and views
with favor the Indorsements in behalf
of Colonel N. P. Chipman.
The forthcoming message to the Leg
islature is now demanding the atten
tion of the Governor, and he may deem
it advisable to defer the appointments
of Judges until means have been pro
vided for the maintenance of tho new
courts.
RUSH IT. Gabriel Printing Co., "Print Any
thing." 419 Sacramento st. Never disappoint. •
Musicians Make Merry.
Fifty ladies and g-entlemen, mem
bers of the Musicians' Club, celebrat
ed the anniversary of that organiza
tion last night by a banquet at a weu
known Pine street . restaurant. - The
programme was prepared for the oc
casion and consisted mainly of paro
dies on popular musicians anu com
posers. Among those who contriDut
ed to the general merriment of the
evening were the following: Robert
Tolmie, Oscar Weil, F. Dellepiane, S.
Savannah, S. Bollinger, J. H. Pratt,
A. Fickenscher, H. B. Pasmore and
W. A. Sabin.
• APVEKTISlfflVrfflNTS.
SHREVE & COMPANY
POST AND MARKET STS.
BEAUTIFUL AN1> MO DEBATE -PRICED
! CHRISTMAS GIFTS.. A LARGER COIi-
LECTION AND A GREATER VARIETY
THAN EVER
t
THE STORE WIIjIj BE OPEN EVENINGS FROM
DECEMBER TENTH TO TWENTY - FOURTH
ABIUSEMENTS. r
Monster NewShow
MISS MARY SHAW & CO.,
Dillon Brother*; Howard's Comedy Doers
and Ponies; Marreloiu Prank and Llt-
tla Bod; Phyllis Allen: Sam Elton: I.e-
Boy and Rlcci; The Josselta Trio:
Clement de Lion, and Orchenm Motion
Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prlcea — 10c. 23c and 50c.
■■■BBBagBBBSnBBHBUH
1 ORPHEUM I
j| SPECIAL |
a ===== Q
! rr FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Dec. 9, a
« At 1 o'clock sharp, S
i 1 SIXTH ANNUAL BENEFIT g
[ sj Under the Auspices of the g
! g Associated Theatrical Managers S
I a OF SAN FRANCISCO g
! ■ In Aid of Their U
;| CHARITY FUND:
j § Devoted to the Relief of the Sick and J
J U Needy of the Profession. □
§ Monster Continuous Performance
5 ' Talent from Columbia Theater. Grand m
5J Opera-house. California Theater, Or- 2
' Ea pheum. Alcazar, Tlvoll XJpera-house. ■»
! fj Central Theater, Chutes. El
B 1G— BIO ACTS— 16 Q
Q Tickets now on sale at the box office E
|g of the Orpheum. Q
BaaaatSBBEBHBBBBBBBBBBB
fi?FS?AJiMliiliO!ISF
2nd WEEK OP
THE BIGGEST COMIC
OPERA SUCCESS
SEATS ALWAYS SELLINO.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST TIME SATURDAY NIGHT.
CHARLES B. DILLINGHAM presente
MAXINF FU IOTT
BvinAlilL LLLIUI I
In the Clyde Fitch Comedy,
HER O1A/IN \A//\Y
Beg. SUNDAY (VIGHT. Dec. II
Merriest and Most Tuneful Production of To-
A CmNESE^IIONEYMOON
Seat Sale Begins Thursday.
GRAND SS5§§
Matinees Saturday and Sunday
TH^S WEEK AND jX EXT
j SSii ll BBfo l the King/ Edward Yll
i Buckingham Palace, June 23, 1903.
THE ROYAL COMEDIANS.
WILLIAMS
andWALKER
And Their Company of Colored Artists
£»• IN DAHOMEY
Curtain Rises at 8 o'clock.
TONY LUBELSKI, General Manager.
Best Ever Organized.
Positive One Dollar Attraction* for
10c and SOo — Ko Hisrher.
The new bill this week will eaten the citj
by storm.
All Celebrated Artists.
PEOPLE'S
OPULftR
RICES
100 and 20o. — No Higher.
Greatest vaudeville performance for thi
prices tn the world. Children to any part o!
the theater. 10c.
Performance every afternoon at 2:30; ever)
evening at 7:30 and 9; continuous Saturdaj
and Sunday matinees from 2 to S; continuous
Saturday and Sunday evenings from 7 to 11.
Startling, new European moving pictures.
fiaci! $&, Rating!
New jtiuJT .Jockey
California p^ Club
OAKLAND TBAC2.
Commencing- SATURDAY, November IX
Racing every week day, rain or ahlne. "
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track taki
6. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00
12:30. 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. Returning train:
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately a.ter tha last race.-- v
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
PERCTf V. TRH <T. Secretary. .
WyCfftOOierYeai
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA
RA.TTJRPAT AFTEKN'OON. DEC. tT.
MO?H5AT EVENING. DEC. 19.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. DEC. 21.
OPENING of tXt* A1TEPJCAN TOUR of
Paderewski
R»*rrr«<l-ieat ••!» opens at
8h«rtnan. Clay A Co.'a Mon-
day morniae, Decemb«r 12. at
9. FrlcM $2.30. $2.00, *£bo.
$1.00. Stelnway Piano used.
(Absolutely Fireproof.)
H. W. BISHOP L»3a«« and Manager.
TO-NIGHT,
BEJTEPIT BAH FHANCISCO COSnEESl-
CXAX TBAVXLEES' ASSOCIATION
25c MATINEE TO-MORROW 25<j
OUv«r Morocco Offers
HOWARD GOULD- -J. H. GILMOTTR
And th« Majestic Theater Company In that
Great American Political Comedy,
THE SENATOR
Next— "MR. POTTER OF TEXAS." ;: ~.V
S CALIFORNIA^
Ali THIS WEEK.
SANFORD B. RICABT Presents th«
WTT.TiTAM H. WEST BIO '
MINSTKEI. JirHTT.T;f« , L
Featuring tha Superb Sctnlo Singing
t>t Sensation.
S FREDERICK V. BOWERS, tor th«
fa p«st twenty-«lx weeks the it«r feature -
S of Klralfys Immens* Lou! «! ana Pur- i
9 chase Spectacle at the St."l«uis Ex- ■
»4 position. ., : ■,*-..
if GREATEST STNGING PART EVER ]
fi CONCEIVED.
S Next Sunday Night— ROSE MEL- S
M VILLE. the original '"SIS HOPKINS." P
!■«■■■ >n . ■■■■■■in. /?
AT r A7 A 'Q Belasco & Mayer.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
"It wasn't like a stock first night; It wa»
a performance." — Ashton Stevens.
••Highly gratified audience."— Call.
Great Hit of tha Delightful Comedy.
The Professor's
Love Story
Delightful Comedy by J. SJ. Barrie,
Author of "The Little Minister."
Evgs.. 25c to 75c. Mats., Eat. & Sun., 25c to SOo
NEXT MONDAY— rADDirP
Mrs. Flske's First Success, vrtrKIvC
5 fi S 1\3 R ¥** ft" fi MAYER
\5 Era C \i S BDailba PROPS
Market st., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WKEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Jacob Lltt's I23.U00 production of the greatest
melodrama ever written.
THE SUBURBAN
-pp The race track and six horses.
L LL Well-known local jockeys.
/lCC The lime kiln.
k/ *'*' The sea wall.
Positively the Most Pretentious Effort Ever
Made on Any Stage.
HORSES DASH ACROS8 THE STAGE AT
FULL SPEED!!
Prices— Ev». 10c to 50c. Mats. 10c. 15c. 25c.
NEXT— "LOST IN SIBERIA."
A Splendid Show Every Afternoon and
Eventaz in tho Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD,
THE REIGNING SENSATION OF CONEY
ISLAND and the WORLD'S FAIR.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
Amateur NUrht and Electxlo Ponntata
ThtxiBday.
■■BBBSSBBBBBMBBB
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5o
Do1n r p DONT FAIL TO
tUiavW see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/^flfl room, the EM PI RE
uiiu parlor, the
r * PALM ROOM, the
linHia LOUIS XV PAR.
uiaiiu LOR^ and ihc 1Am
U ± %„ DIES* WRITING
Hotels room -
tf% ■ ■ A I #fe Ammunition. HunUng asd
allBlaSfL 1 ' 6po« Jn »f OoocH. Lanw
■ ■ill 111 Btock - Lowest prices. Send
§ 11 ItHII W for catalogue.
U W I it SHREVE & BARBER CO..
■ 73» Marktt st. and 52l
Kearny st.
\M. T. HESS,
• Votary Pnbllo and Attorn sy-at- Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claus Spreckela bids,
Teleohon* Main 083.
Residence. 1803 McAllister at.
ZUstdenc* Telephone Pas* 36U.
910
BERGER'S OPPONENT FAIL TO APPEAR TO BOX WITH HIM IN THE OLYMPIC ATHLETIC CLUB RING, BUT SPECTATORS
SEE SOME VERY LIVELY ENCOUNTERS IN THE OTHER BOUTS THAT HAD BEEN SCHEDULED
LETOLA BEATS MILITARY MAN
Pelham Disposes of
a Shifty Bunch
of Speed.
THE MIST UNPLACED
The Fretter Takes
First Money at
Long Odds.
SCOTSMAN A WINNER
BY FRED E. SI ULHOLL.AXD.
Walter Jennings" smart filly Letola.
carrying 104 pounds and ridden by W.
Davis«. took the six and a half furlong
handicap from Garnet Ferguson's colt
Military Man yesterday at Oakland.
The least speck of ill fortune during
the race would have landed her back
.• notch.
There were half a dozen starters in
this event, with Letola a pronounced
favorite at 4 to 5. At the start Military
Man broke second, but as Helgesen's
ordrrs were to take his mount back he
was soon trailing: the field.
Th*; favorite raced Veuator and Sea
Voyage to a standstill, and was then
called on the stretch to withstand the
challenge of Military Man. which came
\s ith a great rush. Davis had neither
whip n^r wteels, and Letola. finishing
on h<?r own courage, won by a head.
There was considerable bumping the
last 100 yards, and Helgesen claimed a
foul. If the winner bore out some
EfelffCKn started the bumping, and the
numbers were not changed. Judge,
■with Michaels in the saddle, ran a
good third.
Xn better contested racing has been
B»»en since the opening of the season,
nearly all of the finishes being close
and exciting. The fields were well bal
anced, and there is no paucity of rid
ing talent. son>e of the cleverest sad
dle artists in the country Deing ob
tainable. Favorites captured three
purses.
K.VAPP LANDS MOLTO FIRST.
On form Molto. from the stable of
H. L.. Shannon, looked best of the ten
maidens in the introductory event.
Hidden by Knapp and 6 to 1 In the
betting, the- gelding made all the run
ning, and, in a driving finish, beat the
12 to 1 shot Emma Reubold more than
a length. Mike Daly's Canonicus fin
ished third. Walter Jennings start
ed Isabutte 5n the race, and the filly
was Installed favorite. She displayed
Bome early speed and then faded away.
Scotsman, piloted by Harry Mi
chael?, earned a lucky victory in the
mile selling number, for which Colonel
Van had a decided call in the betting.
The Colonel was just about an hour
and forty minutes the best, but Frank
Sullivan, who rode him, broke it up in
grand style. Last almost until fhe
stretch \va« reached, he then waded
through tho bunch, only to be outfin
ished and nosed out at the wire. Meis
tersinger looked to have the show
cinched, when Sherwood brought Gold
finder up, beating the Henshall horse
a head. The going did not appear
heavy enough for Foxy Grandpa.
How much the best Sol Lichtenstein
was cf the big cluster of platers start
ing in the six-furlong selling scramble
will never be known. Sol ruled favorite
in the ring. Helgeson got him away
absolutely last. The blonde rider did
not despair, though, but went to work
and, by a liberal application of the
whip, finally collared the leader. Doc
tor Sherman, at the paddock, and in a
furious drive fairly lifted his mount In
first by a head.
HARD BURNS AS PACEMAKER.
Four lengths behind Doctor Sherman
came Mimo. Bard Burns cut out the
early pace, and had the track been
heavy would have been hard to catch.
Charley Henshall's clever youngster,
l»elham, cleaned up in the 2-year-old
yurse event, for which he went to the
poFt an ll-to-10 favorite. There were
seven other starters, but the only one
to receive any amount of attention was
The Mist, and the filly failed to even
show. Kunz got Pelham off in front
and kept him there, reaching the wire
a length in advance of Davis' mount.
Sea Air. Yada. a 25-to-l sho-t, defeated
Hooligan for third place. McLaughlin
had The Mist down on the rail where
the footing was cuppy, which proved
too preat a handicap.
Jsabellita, the mount of Davis, got
mixed up in a bumping: match at the
start of the closing mile-and-flfty-yard
run, or the mare could scarcely have
lost. Neither Major Tenny nor Moco
lito, the two choices, ran inside of
the money. When MajOT Tenny blew
up on the stretch turn Minder hustled
The Fretter. a 15-to-l shot, into the
leading position, and in a mild drive
downed Bronze Win* more than a
length. Isabeillta finished a good third.
TRACK NOTES.
Helgesen made a remarkably strong
finish on Sol Lichtensteln. . The black
horse must have imagined he had run
afoul of a fireworks factory.
W. Davis was successful with but
one of his mounts. „;.""
Mickey McLaughMn Is a free lance.
AXtXBJXTlSEMEXTS.
I fCQ r^^c^^^^"* Kfoc^f 6 \ ,-
You will always find the finest
fabrics for suitings, trouserings or
woolens for overcoats that the mar-
ket contains at A. B. Smith Co. We
carry an exclusive and reliable stock
of correct styles In everything; that
constitutes style and beauty in fab-
rics, and we will fit. finish and make
you a suit or overcoat - at a rea-
sonable price and you pay only J1.00
per week to keep yourself stylishly,
dressed.
A. B. SMITH GO.
116 ELLIS STREET,
. Near Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAKLAND — Tuesday. Dec. 6, 1904. "Weather fine. Track good.
7521. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; maidens. 8 years old and up; purse; value to first. $325.
Iud«xl UorM and Owner. IWtjSt. %. '%. \. Str. Fin. [ Jockey. I Op. Cl.
7497 Molto. 4 ai- U Shannon) 111 1 .... 1 1%2 S 1 ltfl 1% W. Knapp. 4 «
7497 E. Reubold. 4 (Appleby & Co.) 107 4 ... 2 «i 1 % 2 2 2 % Travers ... 8 12
7447 Canonlcua, 3 <M. J. Daly) 107 6 ... 5 lij« 2 3 H 3 2>£ W. Daly... 4 6
<B14 Serenity. 3 (Dayton Sz Kahn) 107 3 ... -4 U, 5 % 5 H 4 6 C. Miller. . . 10 20
74C5 Darksome. 3 (J. Touhey) 107 2 ... 6 n 4 M 6 3 5 1% Helgesen .. 6 7
Isabutte 3 (W. B. Jennings). 107 7 ... 3 3 8 1 4 n 6 4 |W. Davis.. 6-5 S-2
7509 Monia. 4 (I* H. Ezell) 107 8 ... 82 82 73 73 Anderson .. 30 60
6S27 Tarrigan. 4 (D. McCarthy) |lll » ... 10 10 8 18 4 Greenfield . 10 40
7447 (La Figaro. 4 (West End Stable)illOj 6 ... 72 71 94 95 Bell 4 .6
74CT IMajesta, 4 (Mrs. Cason) jllljlO ... 9 1 9 1 10 10 Vlckery ... B0 100
Time— :21%, :49. 1:16. At post Vi minute. Oft at 2:16^4. Molto. place, 2; show, 1. Reu
bold place 5; show, 6-2. Canonicus, show. 1. Winner, br. %. by Crescendo or Brloso-
Ronette. Trained by V. Gilbert. Scratched — Komoko, Ledatrlx, Innsbruck, Sequel,
Scotch Boy. Start good. Won all driving. Molto outfooted Emma Reubcld through the
stretch. Serenity ran a fair race. Darksome won't do. Isabutte may Improve. La Fi
garo practically left.
■■---»-«
1T>2'1. SECOND RACE — One m!le; 3-year-olds and up; selling; value to first. $325. ;-**'> ',:•;
Index! Hcrse and Owner. jWtlSi. 14. H« f». Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op. Cl.
7459 IScotsman. 4 (Brinkworth Co.')]107 6 lnln 11 1 1^1 ns !H. Michaels 7-2 3
7311 iCol. Van. 6 (F. K. Whitman). 1 102 8 8 S 6 ',{ 2 n 2 < |F. Sullivan. 2 17-10
7495 Goldnnd^r, a<Fltzgera1c1&Cree)!lO<5 3 5n 71 fin 62 3h ISherwood .. 20 60
7452 Meistersinger. 5 (Wright) 105 7 7 4 5 V> 2 n 4 .1 4 2",4 Travers ... 4 0
751<> iF. Grandpa 3 (Mrs. Coffey).. 101 4 J «i 3 h" 3 h 3^58 W. Davis.. 5 7
7174 IMiss Culver, a (Von Bkhln). 107 6 62 4n4n63«3 Crosswalte 20 40
74G1 |Lady Kent, a <J. Ryan) 107 2 2 % 2 % 7 1 7 »£ 7 n W. Knapp. 10 .7;
75Otl |Vulcain. a <L. H. Ezell) (110, 1 4 h 6 >, 8 8 8 Anderson .. 30 50
Time — :25>i. :51. 1:1C»^. 1:43V*. At post 2',-i minutes. Off at 2:39^. Scotsman, place. 4-5;
rhoMj 2-5. Van. place. 7-10: show. 1-3. Goldfinder. show, 6. Winner, br. g. by St.
Andrew-N'o Name II. Trained by F. W. Doss. Scratched — Dusty Miller, Sugden, Rainier.
Start good. Won in a hard drive of four. Scotsman secured a lucky verdict. Colonel
Van should have won by himself. Goldfinder closed well. Meistersinger is a bad one.
Foxy Grar.dpa likes mud. Lady Kent had a flash of early speed.
7523. THIRD RACE: — Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
lnd.ij Hone and Owner. IWt'Si. *4 • vTi 1*. Str. Fin. 1 Jockey. I Op. ClT
7502 I Sol LJchtenstein. 5 (Madison). 109 12 ... 8 n 6 1V-3 3 1 h iHelgesen .. 2 11-5
7505 iDr. Sherman. 6 (S. Hoppas). 1O4 2 ... 5 1^2 H$l 1 2 4 |W. Davis.. 8 8
(7510). Mimo, 4 (P. Sheridan) ... 104 5 ... 3 244 4<t 3 ns ITravers ... 6''- 7 ;
7499 Bard Burns, 0 (O"Rourke) |112 8 ... 1 «' t 1 n 2 1^4 n Minder .... 12 10
(733S) Budd Wade. 5 (Bak-r Cy. S.).|106 7 ... 9h 7^5^53 Sherwood .. 10 S
C672 |ldogo. 5 (G. W. Wilson) 1O-1 10 ... 11 4 10 2 8 2 C 1% Taylor 60 100
74fi» IDoublet. a (D. S. Fountain). 104 S ... 4 n 8 1 9 2 7 2 L. Fountln 6 " -7
<74f)2) [Profitable. 4 (A. Winters) 104 4 ... 71 9nlO2 8n McBrlde .. 30 30
74S5 'Ster. Towers. 5 (Stockton St.) 104 « ... 2n31 7^91 F. Sullivan 6 - : ' ■'•''•' T'
(7470)1 Flaunt, a (T. H. Ryan) I1O9 11 ... 10 1 11 4 11 4 10 2 Anderson .. 12 1.%
7467 Troy, a (V. Gilbert) I1O0J 1 ... 6 1^8 H 6 n 11 4 IW. Knapp. 10 15
7503JGlenaryon.jl_ (Summers & Co.)'l09] 9 ... 12 12 12 12 |Larsen 15 30
Time — :24. :4SH. 1:14. At post 4'4 minutes. Off at 3:O8V4- Sol. place. 9-10; show TT
Sherman, place. 3: show, 3-2. Mlmo. show. 6-5. Winner, blk. g. by St. Georges-Ada.
Trained by J. Madison. Scratched — Kubellk. Alice Carey. Start good. Won in a hard
drive of .five. Winner bid up from S400 to $900 by P. Romlgrh and sold. Winner pounds
the best. Away last and compelled to take the scenic route. Dr. Sherman received bet
ter handling and ran a smashing race. . Mimo ran to form. Bard Burns received strong '
handling and did much better. Budd Wade will do in a slower class. Doublet messed '
about. Sterling Towers cut off on stretch turn. Flaunt off poorly.
T324. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; handicap: all ages; value to first, $400.
lnd>xl Horw and Owner. IWtlSt. %I %I %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. . Cl.
74C5 ILetola. 3 (W. B. Jennings).. 104 4 4 y, 1 n 1 14 1 n 1 h W. Davis.. 7^5 4T5
(74S*)IMIlitary.Man. 3 (Ferguson) .. lOfi 21n6 515221 Helgesen .. 7-5 11-5
7518 Uudge. 3 U. J. McAlester) 102 3 214^31)2 I143 »i H. Michaels 10 11
(74N»)i Venator. 4 (H. E. Rowell)...|10S| S 5 n 2 *; 2 1>£4 V, 4 5 Travers ... 3 0
(7475) Corn Blossom, 2 (Rowell) 91 1 3%6>/&4n3 2^5 10 W. Knapp. • • '
<742S)lSea Voyage. 2 (Mrs. Miller). .| 86J 6 6 3 16 6 6 |w. Daly.T. 20 40
Time— :23U. :4S. 1:14. l:20H. At post Vi minute, Off at 3:32^. Letola, place. 1-3; snow,
out. Man. place. 1-2; phow. out. Judge show, 1. Winner, ch. f. by Star Ruby-Leuco
eia. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start -ood. Win In a hard drive of three. Letola
raced Venator and Sea Voyage Into subjection and then 6tood a hard drive. Helgesen
took Military Man too far out of It at the start or he would have won. Judge in tha
poorest going ran a swell race. "Coupled with Venator.
7525. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: purse; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Indt3^ Hers; and Owner. WtlSt. % .~i4~%7~Str7~Fin71 Jockey. I Op. oT
<743K)!Pe1ham fC. T. Henshall) 103 1 ... In 1 2m 4 11 iKuna .777.111-10 11-10
74K.1 S*a Air <T. E. McLaughlln). . 107 S ... 2 2>*2 1U,2 1142 2»i|W. Davis..! 10 15
<74.%7)lTada (W. Cahill) (106 4 ... 4 6 4 1 4 3 3 IVilAnderson .. 12 25
7453 I Hooligan (D. S. Fountain). . .1107 7 ... 6 '4 6 10 5 3 4 2«4lL Pountainl » «
(7*«>3>,The MlFt (W. H. Hammond)!107 5 ... ,1h 3h 32 5 4 IMcLaughln *» 2
7473 i Royal Red <J. Touhey) ilOfi 2 ... 5 2145 3 6 15 r, 12 !HelgeF»n .. 50 100
Tennyburn (Mrs. Miller) 1106 6 ... 7 1 7 1 7 1%7 8 |W. Knapp. 30, 60
74CS jStorma (A. J. Jackson) |105 8 ... 8 8 8 8 |Reed 60 200
Time— :24. :49. 1:15. At post 4»4 minutes. Off at 4:O3!4. Pelham place. 2-5: Thow out
Air, place. 4; show. 3-2. Tada, show, 11-5. Winner, ch. g. by Albert- Plaudita Trained
by E. WHeht. Scrntched— Estella J. Start good. Won in a hard drive of two Third
easily. Pelham probably best and well han<?!ed. Sea Air ran his race. Yada is not
such a bad one. Fountain on Hooligan was fixing a stirru;> when the barrier went up
The youns«=ter ran a grrot race. The Mist In the cuppy going next the rail.
75S«. £lXTH RACE— One mile and fifty yards: gelling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
index] Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. %. %. Btr. Fin. | Jock«y. I Op. CT.
7501 The Frctter. a (O'Rcurke)...H00 5 63 4 h 3 2»41 U 1 l^lMlnder r To 12
751.1 Bronzp Wing. C (Fountain).. 95 4 R n 3 1>J2 h 2 3* 2 1>4|L Fountain 3 0-"
(7r.l4),l!«aWllita. 4 (.1. Ronaldson).. 104 C 6 0 C 53 33 |W Davis 3 un
74!*; |MaJor Tenny. a (Piedmont St.) 90 2 2 «{ 1 % 1 H 4 I 4 n J Kplly " " 3 7 2
7.VI5 IMocorlto. a (J. Ryan) 95 11n2h526 55 iMcBrlde 8 7 n
7.V>0 jBlsrkthorn. 5 (C. P. Fink)... 10.1 3 4 »J 5 2>$4 n 3 % 0 W. Knapp' 15 15
7T>(*H Constable, 5 <V. Gilbert) I 95 Left F. Hlldbrnd 30 60
75Of) jlnrtruinent. 3 (Balrd & Co.).| 96 Left Travers .... 10 20
Time— :24s;. :50. 1:IG<;. 1:43, 1:46. At post 5 minutes. Off at 4:27%. Fretter "place
5- fhow. 5-2. Wing, place. R-5: show, 7-10. Isabellita. show, 7-10. Winner ch h'
by Brutus-Xerva. Trained by A, C. Ridey. Scratched— Red Damtel, Harry Beck'
Mcsketo. Achilles. Etep Around. Start nad. Won handily. Next two driving. Minder
on winner rode an excellent race. Bronze Wing holds a cinch on the place. Away
better Isabelllta could not have lost. Major Tenny quit. Mocorlto ha« gone back ■
Blackthorn a "mudder." "• • ' '
FULLER LANDS TIM PAYNE
A WINNER AT ASCOT PARK
Invictus Scores Over Brooks Course
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 6.— Three fa
vorites, two second choices and an out
sider in the betting: were the winners
to-day at Ascot. There was a big
crowd in attendance, the day being des
ignated "ladies' day.", Ed Walsh car
ried off the jockey honors, winning two
races, finishing second in one and third
in another. Fuller's ride on Tim Payne
in the second race did much to win
the race for his mount from Winni
freda, with Interlude third. The three
horses finished together, each under a
hard drive.
Ralph Reese won all the way in the
third race, El Otros managing to beat
Mart Gentry for the place by a small
margin. Elle was overlooked by the
big ,bettors in the fourth number, and
went to the post as good as 10 to 1. He
led all the way, winning from Judge
Denton and Flo Bob in the order
named by half a length. Golden Light
was the best in the fifth and won
easily from Needful and Helgerson. The
first race over the Brooks course, which
is seventy-three yards short of a mile
and a quarter, was the sixth on to
day's card. The course was named in
honor of Manager J. W. Brooks of As-
He Is no longer connected with the
Summers stable.
After his ride on Colonel Van
Frank Sullivan should have set him
self down for a week or two. He Is
certainly riding in poor form.
Charley - Henshall is reported to
have had a $5000 bet down on Pel
ham.
Sol Lichtenstein was claimed from
Peter Romigh in Portland by Jasper
Madison, the colored owner and ex-
Jockey. Romish got his sprinter
back yesterday by hiking the selling
price from $400 to $900.
Allen Avon, the useful two-year-old
owned by "Kansas" Price, is dead.
Del Fountain has a spanking good
two-year-old in Hooligan, and it
would pay him some day , to put up
a more experienced rider than his son
Lloyd.
The Western Jockey . Club notified
President Williams yesterday that the
horses Sals and Andvari- have been
reinstated.
Racine at Xew Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 6.— Results :
First race, five t urlcn&B— Jungla Imp won,
Walter Duffy second. Mathilda third. Time.
1:07 2-3.
Second (race. «lx furlon**— Van Nesa won.
Mlzzen second. Greror K third. Time, 1:22. .
Third race, four furloncs— Slow Poke won,
Bisque second. Halcyon Days third. Time, :53.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Bruphup won.
Lieutenant Rica ' second, Lucy Young third.
Time. 1:06 3-5.
Fifth race, one and a half miles— Hymettui
won, Little Kllc'.n second, Bourke Cockran
third. Time. 2:54.
Blxth race,' eeven furlonrs — Kind's Trophy
■wen, ■ Terns ttod - second,' Signal Light third
Time, 1:33.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL-WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1904.
cot. Invictus was made favorite, with
Erne a heavily played second choice.
The latter was backed from 3 to 1 to
8 to 5. Invictus won easily, Blueridge
second. Erne third. Weather fine; track
fast. Summary:
First' race, maidens, selling, Slauson course —
Princemont, 112 (Booker). 3 to 1, won; Tiwn,
107 (Lawrence), 2% to 1, second; Leonado 102
(Bredin). 0 to 1. third. Time, 1:12. Carlisle,
Count Rudolph, McKee, Sano. Frlerllne, Ros
seric, Mabel Claire and May S also ran..
Second race, selling;, elx furlonss — Tim
Payne. Ill (Fuller), S to 5, won; Winnlfreda,
91 (Moriarlty), 0 to 1, oecond; Interlude. 102
(E. Walsh). 3 to 1, tblrd. Time, l:14>i. Ten
dererest. Crig:ll t Tomahawk, Durbar, and Ilua
pala also ran.
Third race, Mx furlongs, purse— Ralph Reese.
105 (E. Walsh). 18 to B, won; El Otros, 110
(Lawrence), 3 to 1, second; Mart Gentry 102
(Moriarlty). 8 to 1, third. Time. 1:14^.' Da
bow and Schoolcraft also ran. - ■ - -
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlongs — Elle,
00 (Miller). 8 to 1, won; Judge Denton, 106 (E
Walsh). 2 to 1. second ; Flo Bob. 1C8 (Fuller) 0
to 5. third. Time, 1:27%. Ethylene and Fon
casta also ran.
Fifth race, selling, one mile — Golden Light,
102 (E. Walsh). S to 5. won; Needful. 97
(Kent). 4 to 1. second; Helgerson. &3 (R. Mc-
Danlel). 4 to 1, third. Time, 1:42. Dusky Se
cret. Phyz and Anlrad also ran.
Bixth race. Belling. Brooks course — Invlctus,
90 (Kent), even, won; Bluerldgc, 90 (Law
rence), 80 to 1. second; Erne, 06 (McDanlel) S
to 5. third. Time, 2:<H%. Exapo, No Friend,
July Gyp and El Orlente also ran.'
Harness Horse Men In Conference.
CHICAGO. Dec. 6.— The eighth bien
nial Congress of the American Trot
ting Association began here to-day.
Leading breeders of trotting horses and
patrons of harness racing from all
parts of the country were present.
Considerable Interest centered In the
election of President W. R. James of
Terre Haute, Ind. He received the
support of the Western delegations.
His election, however, was opposed by
the Eastern men, who decided to pres
ent the name of an Eastern man for
the position. ;■*. :/ .-.;
The board of appeals will be in ses
sion for a week, as there are 150 cases
on the docket. A decision is expected
in the case of Cresceus. whose record of
l:59?i, made two years ago on the
Wichita (Kans.) track, has been ques
tioned. *
Union Coursing Park Stakes.
The draw for this week's stakes at
tinlon Coursing Park tVIU be held to
nJght at Eighth and Market streets.
The card will be made up of a class
and a reserve stake. The entries for
the former Include the fastest grey
hounds in training.
Fortune in Gems Stolen.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Dec. 6.— The
jewelry store of A. Low has been en
tered by a burglar and robbed of dia
monds valued at $10,000. /After re
porting the. robbery to the police Low
left for ; Seattle, where he \expects to
recover the gems. •
HORSES WHICH
SHOULD BE CLOSE
UP AT THE WIRE
BY FRED E. MTJIiHOLLAND.
First race— Golden Buck,
Bob llagon, Velna.
Second race — Ponapa, Gal
lant Cassie, The Reprobate.
Third race — Duiigannon, J.
V. Kirby, Brennus.
Fourtli race— Ananias, Gate
way, Vesuvian.
Fifth race — San Nicolas, Sad
Sam, Mansard.
Sixth race — Xigrette, Whoa
Bill.- Toledo.
SPRINTERS TO MEET
IN MILE HANDICAP
The principal feature at the track
across the bay this afternoon is the
handicap over a mile, in which will
start Gateway, Vesuvian, Ananias and
Bombardier among others. The other
events are quite up to the standard.
The day's entries:
First race— Futurity course, two-year-olds,
celling.
7473 Royal Sweepstakes (Miller) 106
■ Ml Bearskin (McAlester) 10$
i*21 *Kay Templeton (Dodge) 100
: 401 »\elna (Van Gorden) 1U0
• 507 'Golden Buck (Schorr) 106
7517 »The Gadfly (Kerne) 105
iul7 Bob Kugon (Summers) 112
iO17 Aia (Stevens; 112
Second race— Five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, selling.
7517 'Marie J (Lusk & Jones) S6
ilusi *L:dgecllff (Judge) 86
C07G Flo Manola (Daly) 106
7340 •Facts (William*) ...101
iO15 *Libble Candid (Appleby) 101
7511 •Edrodun (Lagorla & Forbes) $6
7469 'Ponapa (Smith) .; 101
7484 Standard (McAlester) 106
7427 Bill Short (Ma&rftne) 04
(7517)Gallant Caasie (Miller)*". 91
(7473)The Reprobate tKeene) 91
7411 David Bolantf (lialrd) 91
7.10S 'Queen Fay (Murray) 101
7615 *Harka (V. ellman) 101
Third race— On e mile and seventy yards
three-year-olds and up, selling.
7522 Lady Kent (Wellman) 100
(76i)S)Brennus (Judge) 1CS
7620 Flying: Torpedo (Ezell) 109
751.1 »Flaneur (Btanchl & Co.) 104
7467 'Bill Young; (Maple & Carroll) 104
7.114 «Dungannon (Knebelkamp) 100
7015 •Mistletide (Moormead Karm) 100
7482 J. V. Klrby (Strobel) 1O»
Fourth race, one mile, all ages; handicap:
7471 Vcpuvlan (Jennings) 112
7512 Veterano < Vlvell) 100
7494 Ananias (Schorr) 104
(7512) Bombardier (Skinner) 108
7512 Gateway (Burnett) »7
Fifth race, six furlongs, three -year-olds and
up: selllns:
BC24 'Mansard (Keene) 10S
(74<51)»Sad Sam (Green) io.">
(747S)»San Nicolas (Rowell) 113
7518 »Oro Viva (Rlley & McRae) 108
7503 »The Forum (Miller) 1U2
747SClausus (Ryan) 107
7519 Little Wally (Brinkworth) 100
751S »H. L.. Frank (Cameron) 101
7472 Telephone (Smith) 109
7453 W. R. Condon (Ezell) 110
(7510)The Lieutenant (Stover) 103
7472 Romatne (Scharetg) no
Sixth race, six furlongs, two-year-ol<3» and
up; jmrse:
7479 Ishtar (Ryan) ...',;... ' ion
7488 Whoa" Bill (Gilbert) 108
7471 Yellow Tall (Hackett) 112
(75C2)NlRrette (Jennings) loo
745$ Allopath (Lamasney Bros.) 109
7450 SquUg Johnson (Miller) 03
74713 Toledo (Gaylord) 108
•Apprentice allowance.
DIVINE HEALER
FAILS ON TURF
Unable to Make Her Hus
band's Horses Break Eec
ords, She Is Mistreated
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DES MOINKS. Iowa, Dec. 6.—Be
cause Mrs. Mary Orr, a divine healer,
was unable to comply with her hus
band's demand that she make his race
horses break world's records she was
subjected to brutal treatment, and she
was accordingly granted a divorce at
Marshalltown to-day.
Her story, as told to the Judge, was
corroborated by two witnesses, who
are neighboring women. Mrs. Orr had
achieved considerable reputation as a
divine healer in Colorado, but has
never practiced her power much in
this State. It was shown to the satis
faction of the court that she suggest
ed to her husband that if she could
qnly have the influence over his horses
that she has over human beings she
could make them win every race In
which they were entered. He there
upon began to insist that she perform
this feat. She attempted it. but his
horses failed to win. He then abused
her and the divorce suit resulted.
Champion Finnigan to Box.
With Gcorgre Finnlgan and Frank
Edwards in the main event and such
boxers as Jim Kane and "Spider" Joe
Kelly, to. approach the climax the Bay
City Club has a good card for its
monthly boxing exhibition at Mechan
ics' Pavilion Annex on Friday night.
Finnlgran" has *ot fought here, since
winning the world's amateur cham
pionship at St. Louis this summer. In
Edwards he will find a worthy oppo
nent. Harry Riley and EdBlller meet
at 145 pounds. Denny O'Connell, who
beat Billy. Duffy last «veek, will face
a new man in Dave Raabe. The two
preliminaries are Jim Bradley vs. Bill
Cairns at 135 pounds and Harry Sheri
dan vs. Fred Lrfivigne at 120 pounds.
SUES FOR DAMAGES.— Frank B. W. John
ston, a clerk, has sued the United Railroad's
for $20,702 damages for injuries received on
April 21 last In a collision of Ellis and Uirkin
street . ears. He was pinned under the.EUts
street car for an hour.
FREE ; plfiHS FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
; i'/'A-^ ■
BEAUTIFUL
CHINA
- SOUVENIR TUMBLER -
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Free With Every Small Ad in
v Sunday Call. *
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
FIVE KNOCKOUTS
ON THE LAST NIGHT
OF TOURNAMENT
BERGER'S OPPONENT MISSING
Intended Victim of the Cham
pion Avoids the Meeting.
The main event at the Olympic Club's
boxing tournament last night did not
take Dlace. One F. Smith, who was to
stand before the mighty Sam Berger,
evidently received a gypsy's warning
bomewhere! : He could not be found
with a search warrant. The announcer
darkly hinted that ihe chill evening at
mosphere had descended into the pedal
extremities of Mr. Smith, compelling
him to linjjei'b'y his own fireside with
his tootsies in a hot mustard high-batl.
As a substitute for the go Andy Gal
lagher and Sam Berger exhibited for
two rounds. The two champs were look
ing for other victims, but amateur
heavies hike to the woods when the
magic names of Berger and Gallagher,
are mentioned. " ■ , ' . • .
Kaufman, who pounded the head off
J. Walsh of the Hawthorn Club,
looked as though he might be able to
entertain . Berger for a tew minutes.
Kaufman has a punch that lands with
the force of a mule's kick. Some day
he is going to give some of the ama
teur heavies a little run.
Only two of the bouts went the limit.
Roche and Carroll, the two babies,
broke about even. Dwyer and Berg
kept moving till the gong tapped. Berg
got his In the fourth round and was
tickled almost into hysterics when
the bell chimed. There was no dbubt
as to the results of the other bouts.
The slaughtered had to be carried
away.
E. Tuxedo Graney, the village black
smith, officiated as referee with his ac
customed grace and dignity. ,
J. Roche of the Olympic Club and
J. Carroll of the Occidental Club, two
slim, 103-pound youngsters, opened the
BRITT IS IN STRICT TRAINING
Californian Is Settled in Quarters at the Beach
With a Strong Staff of Handlers.
Jimmy Britt. who has been taking
light exercise for some time in antici
pation of a match this month, has
finally plunged into the thickest of
training. He has settled down at the
Seal Rock House at the Ocean Beach
with his retinue of handlers and is
working earnestly.
He took a long run on the road yes
terday morning and after a rub down
plunged into the surf at the foot of the
Cliff House hill. Surf bathing is a new
feature in his .training and he enjoys
it hugely. He also went in the surf
in the afternoon.
In the afternoon he boxed with Char
ley Kreling and Frank Rafael before a
large gallery of visitors. Rafael helped
condition Nelson for his fight — with
Corbett, and if there are any weak
spots in the Dane's armor he will
coach Brltt how to reach them. The
Californian watched Nelson's rough
style closely when he fought Corbett
and has figured out how to offset his
terrible onslaughts. Without condition
SIX-DAY BICYCIJS RACE
IS A CEASELESS GRIND
Riders Arc Fnr Behind the Record
Established by McFnrland and
Elkes.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6.— The six-day
bicycle race at Madison Square Garden
to-day developed into a steady, cease
less grind. Worn by the exertion of
many hours, none of the riders seemed
anxious to set a "killing" pace, and
every hour placed the riders farther
behind the record established In previ
ous contests. The exciting sprints that
marked the earlier stages of the race
were almost entirely lacking during
the night and early hours to-day.
During the night there was only one
spill, and that only affected one rider,
Floyd Krebs, the tire of whose wheel
came off.
During the afternoon Willie Fenn
broke his own record for one-fifth of a
mile, going the distance in 20 1-5 sec
onds. The previous record was 21 4-5
seconds.
Frank Kramer was unsuccessful in
an attempt to break the world's record
for one-quarter of a mile held by him
self, but rode the distance in the rec
ord, time of 24 4-5 seconds.
At 1 o'clock this morning the thir
teen leading: teams in the six-day race
had covered 900 miles. The four other
teams were one laD behind. The rec
ord for this time Is 9S5 miles three laps
made by Bikes and McFarland in 1900.
WILL MEET TO DISCUSS
SUBJECT OP GOOD ROADS
A meeting to discuss the advisabil
ity of recommending to the Legisla
ture a revision of the present road
laws of the State of California, to the
end that the State will have good
roads and will also' be able to co
operate with the : National Govern
ment in the building of good roads, as
provided in the Brownlow bill, now
pending in Congress, will be held in
the assembly room of the St. Francis
Hotel this afternoon at 2 o'clock. All
commercial, automobile and bicycle
associations have been Invited to par
ticipate. The call for the meeting is
signed by:
Robert T. Tobln. Georre Tourny, Charles D.
Haven, Rolla V. Watt. George W. Spencer, C
llason Klnhe, ' Gordon & Frazer, Truxtun Beal*.
George Aimer Newhall. A. H. Payscn, Henry
E. Bothln. E. . E. Schmitz (by Georse B.
Keane), John Hunt, James M. Troutt, Thomas
B. Woodward, CSharles W. Fay, D. M. Del
mas, Franklin K. Lane. Charles J. Hegserty,
Tobln & Tobln, E. : B. Holladnjv Henry G. W.
Dlnkelsplel Seth Mann, Hearet estate (by R.
A. Clark); D. I. Mahoney, Alfred B. Ford.J.
LeRoy Nickel. F. P. Mcllay, Harry Babcock.
F. C. Talbot. A. H. Small. E. B. Cutter, Johi.
H. Wise. Haro* E. Wise, Mark A. Devlne,
Ivan B. Tread well, Charles J. Stanley, George
A. Cluft. John B. Oliver. J. D. Grant, Slg.
Stern, John Fogarty and W. L. Ashe.
Sent to Preston Reform School.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 6.— Judge Al
bert O.' Burnett this afternoon sen
tenced Frank Corman to the Preston
Reform School for five years. He and
William' . Cameron recently held, up
Hollman's l saloon near Melitta and se
cured money and a gold watch. Cam
eron's sentence ! will be pronounced, on
Monday.. He Is 'the youth who secured
a rifle after. bolher placed under arrest
and held up the. Sheriff.
ball. The Olympic boy dld the c lean "
est hitting and. carried off the prize.
There was almost as much footwork
In the bout- as in one of Spider Green
way Kelly's cotillions.
W. Johnson (unattached) put B. Cas
slni to the floor twice in one minute.
At the second drop Cassini went I to
dreamland and refused to return. "You
can count a hundred if you want to,"
he murmured drowsily, as his eyes
closed.
Willie Dwyer of the Olympic Club
landed the decision over T. Berg, a
youth built like Jack Munroe. Berg
was saved by the gong in the second
rpund and managed to last . through
the other two. His smile was like a
gash in a Swiss cheese when the bell
rang. Dwyer landed early and often,
but lacked a punch.
J. Gallagher of the Hawthorn Club
put T. Williams of the same organiza
tion into dreamland in about one min
ute. Referee Graney interfered to pre
vent manslaughter. '■■ ■-•" :'■
The Jim McClalr and J. Sullivan
meeting was a combination of football,
jiu jltsu and rough and tumble. It
was to laugh all through. In the sec
ond round McClair threw Sullivan into
the air. When Sullivan reached terra
flrrna he embraced the mat and had to
be pried up with a crowbar.
R. Lundle of the Olympic Club land
ed on the solar plexus of J. Bell in
the second round. Bell held together
for a few seconds, but finally collapsed.
A. Kaufman of the Olympic Club
pounded J. Walsh of the Hawthorn
Club into tatters in less than a min
ute. If the ropes had not been strong
Walsh would have been knocked Into
Post street. "v:;.v:
it Is fairly suicidal to go against Nel
son as he never stops for an instant.
Britt has given but little thought to
his weight up to the present time. Af
ter a few days at the beach he will test
himself i on the scales. If he finds the
invigorating air at the beach makes
him put on flesh he will change his
quarters at once to Alameda. It is
expected the amount of work he will
do will bring him in at the weight
easily.
Nelson tired of the glitter
<and glare of the city and has gone for
a shooting trip Into the country. He
will return to Larkspur within a day
or so to resume training. He needs
practically no work as he Is naturally
light and gentle exercise puts him in
condition. The chief danger is that he
will get anxious and overtrain.
It was intended to post forfeits last
night with Harry Corbett and to In
sert the name of the referee in the ar
ticles of agreement. Manager Murphy,
representing Nelson, was the only one
on hand so action was deferred until
to-day.
EXPRESSMAN* FALLS
AXD BREAKS HIS NECK.
Old Man. Trying to .Make Ills Living.
Loses IILs Balance Through
Feebleness and Dies.
Eugene McGlllicuddy, an express
man about 70 years old, -who resided
at 1204 Mission street, was killed yes
terday by falling down stairs and
breaking his neck. The old man had
been employed to remove household
goods from UZOM Howard street. He
started to carry a large laundry bas
ket full of goods down stairs, and,
through feebleness, lost his balance
and fell headlong to the next landing.
When bystanders reached him he was
dead.
SUES YORKE ON A NOTE.— H. "W. U Plt
tendrlgh has sued Francis M. Torke In the Jus
tices' Court to recover 9253 00 alleged to be
due on a promissory note.
ADVEKTlSKMKyTS.
* Stylish Hats
Like These
We really believe
that $1.95 will buy
more hat value in our
store than in any other
. San Francisco estab-
For $1.95 we sell a
■■ : -^"'"' : -J? a^ fa±\. retails about
"'■'i** town for $2.50. Wecut
the price to make the hat a leader. If you corns here to
buv a hat you are bo'ind
to see what a big "clothing — ■sfft^^frh
stock we carry. We want /^wePP^Jffi^
black and colors. The two /^^^^^Wv^^^S
or raw edge — you can have V*
Mail Orrfmr* Filtmit Wn,+* IU l*' f &^l$&tt*&h*>
CORRIGAN MAY
OPEN TURF WAR
Master of Hawthorne Is
at Outs With Western
Jockey Club Officials
TROUBLE OVER DATES
New Circuit of Tracks May
Be Formed to Kun in Oppo
sition to Old Organizations
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Dec. 6.— If all signs do
not fall, Edward Corrigan will begin
an extensive turf war against the
Western Jockey Club and the tracks
controlled by it.
As a result of Monday's meeting of
the Jockey Club's stewards, at which
dates were refused to the new New
Orleans track, headed by CorriRan. and
the Union Jockey Club at St. Louis, of
which P. J. Carmody Is manager, it Is
believed that Corrigan will form a new
circuit of tracks which will run in od
position to those governed by the West
ern Jockey Club. In this circuit it is
believed would be Hawthorne. Elm
ridge of Kansas City. New Orleans
track. Latonla, Essex Park Club at
Hot Springs, Ark., and possibly Nash
ville. Some even go far enough to
predict that in case of a war Washine
ton Park and Worth might Join the
new circuit.
FIGHT IS OX IX ST. LOUIS.
Union Jockey Club Officials Announce
a ],ons Season.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 6.— As a re
sult of the Western Jockey Club's re
fusal of dates to the Union and Pan
ama tracks of St. Louis and New Or
leans a disastrous turf war seems In
evitable. In Missouri the effect may
be to break up the game with an en
tire new deal In the State government.
There is a strong probability that if
the enemies of the syndicates which for
several years have monopolized sport
In St. Louis, made a strong, intelli
gent fight in the Legislature the syn
dicate's monopoly would be broken uo
by the repeal of the breeders' law. un
der which racing at any one track
more than ninety days in the year is
forbidden. The Cella-Adler-Tilles svn
dicate evades thl3 law by owning three
tracks and splitting their dates.
The Union Jockey Club officials threw
down the gauntlet to-day to the "West
ern Jockey Club when they announced
they would race six months next sea
son. This means a test of the breeders'
law and a despe'rate flcht.
XEYV ORLEANS OWNERS STUNNED
Stock In the New Track Is a Drag in
the Market.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 5.—Stockhold
ers in the New Orleans Jockey Club are
sore to-day. They thought they had a
sure winner in the new track, and the
action of the Western Jockey Club was
a great surprise to them. Stock
dropped rapidly. It Is on the madfcet
in bunches at almost any old price.
All the officers of the new track are
in Chicago, and until they return it
will be difficult to tell just what action
will be taken. The general . opinion
among men who know those most
largely interested In the new track is
that they will take their medicine and
wait for better luck next time. They
are all men who believe thoroughly in
legitimate racing and will run no
chances of their track belnjc put in the
outlaw class. There are a few horse
men here who believe that when the
new track is completed racing will bo
carried on for a large part of the
spring.
Shorter Season for Baseball.
CHICAGO. Dec. 6.— The annual meet-
Ing of the American Baseball League
will be held at the Auditorium Hotel
to-morrow. Little routine business will
be transacted. Before the meeting is
over it is said definite instructions will
have been given to the schedule com
mittee to draft a list calling for but
140 games instead of duplicating last
year's long schedule. The majority of
the magnates have expressed an ob
jection against last season's arrange
ment and will vote for a shorter
schedule.
SUES FOR ASSESSMENT.— The Posey con
solidated Mining Company, operating; In Ne
vada County, yesterday sued to compel Roy
Mauvals- to pay an assessment of 8 rents &
share on 5*."» shares of stock held by him.BIG LINER SIBERIA ARRIVES
Pacific 3Iail Steamer in
From the Far East With
Passengers and a Large
Cargo of Great Value
BRIXGS -BAW SILK
WORTH $1,000,000!
Owdue Schooner Marconi
Safely Ends a Tedious
Eijrht Hundred 3Iile
Trip From Willapa Bay
i ne faeific Mail Company's liner SI- '
beria. Captain J. Tremaine Smith, ar- J
rived early yesterday morning from the !
Orient. She passed quarantine by 8 i
o'clock ar.d two hours later her pas - i
sengrers were on the wharf and steve- '
dores had the work of discharging the '
liner's cargo In full swing.
The Siberia brought sixty-four cabin •
passengers and 133 in the steerage. Sh« i
had 2407 tons of cargo. Her freight :
included 12.R54 rolls of matting. 32S1 j
boxes of tea and 1351 bales of raw silk. •
The silk is valued at nearly 11.000.030. 1
Among the passengers were Drs. A. |
J. Geiger and C. G. Herndon of the
.United Slates navy. They have been?
on duty with the Asiatic squadron and
have come home on leave. " Mrs. L. C. !
Logan, wife r.f Captain Logan of the •
navy, returned on the Siberia with her !
two daughters, from a brief visit to |
the Orient.
The Siberia was favored with fine
.■weather throughout the voyage.
Among the passengers from Hono
lulu were Colonel and Mrs. George Mac- ;
Jarlane and Colonel and Mrs. Sam '
Parker. - The Parkers were accom- '
. panied by Miss Beatrice Campbell and
Alls? Alice Campbell.
The Siberia's riassengers were:
Fmm Hac^-konc — Mrs. U. «". L»-«r*n Mis* E
.Wan ills* G. LoRtn. Mrs. H. M. Sher^anl!
Mi« Giadye Gladwtn. Lieutenant Colonel
E^ncMKtaaer H. K. Mcrrctr. E . E. <T-.rirten-'
■ «-n H. A. Mitrb«ll. Mn<. Thomas Jonw.. Mrs.
J. M. fc^h^-iti &aJ Ma«^r Jack Schmltx ■*.
«^*,r-\kl C - ™°y* r - *L Frankle. W. J.
MitcjK!!. Dr. R. .v. lUrdi. and WilUam J.
ccurotn.
VckohaTEa— J. F. Morriscn. Mrs. Oharlf s
r.obsoti Dr. O. O. Jiorndon. Dr. A. J. Oiyfr.
Haro.d Ualt^. Mrs Violet \Vait»> ilrs G M
™«*4 Master G. Pim-kard. E^-re Pinckard.
R. C!< J ff*op. J. «a«s. Mr». J. Bass Ma««»r J
«»ss. <;. K. <"oatt-s. B. Montiliy. C. W. Clirton
ani Vajcr O. G. Woods.
Honolalu- Rpv. \V. s. Ghdd^n. Mn< W S
•;!:aien. Mr*. J «*. Foilert F H. Gr»-n» M^ {
F. E. CTiamJjerlain. H. W. I>uhard Miss X •
>MbeIl G. .-. .K<>udt-rbU5};. Mr.<=. y. y' Wfcitiac i
Mrs. \V. G. Cooper, John A. Buch J L. ;
K.jster. «*.1o&«-I and Mrs. ??.n> ParkT Mirs !
Mice O«mpb«-:i. Mis- Ada nh>xlf». Cclcnt-1 and '
i!rr. «;»»<r-Kft liaetanarj-. Mi?s Ci!«-ne Macfar- i
!s.n«\ J. T. Mc<.-rr)sfr-n. Mm. H. Foclc* MI*s
Oatrirr Oarr.pbe!! an<i pervcr.t r» Lever J.
Parker, T. lacuy. M'.ss Gor-.on. J. C.
BUtdMlaaft. Mr*. J. c\ Mitcheison and L.. Has-
1_^
\o Whaling for Him
The Iwrk Alice Kn^l^E ttBcd yesterday on
* "hs'iri; cruise. Harold Brown, a youth ot
••irr-teen, year*, ■oho shipped on ilzxiiaty as a
"•sre<?n tand." lost his verdancy Iwiuwn the
time of sipcir.j? articles and the whaler's de-
Wftw ar.d did net accompany her. Brcwa
was Mat cut to the Knwlef Monday night on
one cr Crowi.ys launches. When the small
cost rearrn-d the whaler :h* lauachniiii locked
la vain for his pnaatTHii. His t>?iongings. tieu
up in a green, fccrfiken-hie?, were in the cabin
but the bey bad vanished.
"Gu-ss he fc 1 .! omtntrf: I'll' go bsck anU
rn ar<aher." R&id the Uunrhmaa to the mate
of tfce ASce Kncu :••• Back went the launch
t» tt.e.Cepw!^. U:ncic« «nd ih^ Uun-.-l^r.a* ir
r">rt»-d i.V "ojs to sight Osptain DiiJcc.
•That nnnnjj g»v<- t^e lai slip. Missed him
mB of a stxidtn. Cruirr-d around and h)l!wtd
fast cou'.ir't swe ncth-.n" or Mm."
Hal: in hour \s.wr tfce lid nt a iocket in
the laumh was slowly raised ar.d a lew min
ute* afterward & bar wttta a gr»*n bands? vu
• -Timir.^ cp'Teieyrarh Hill.
Ko*nio« IJncr Sasonla Arrives.
TV: K.-tnius Uaer Pexonia arrived yesterday
from Hajr-trure. Although she anchen-4 sora*
fcoers before the Sit»?ria. th* quarantine of
ficials oiJ net Ix^rd her until they had finished
with th^ Oriental Untr. the Pib*ria being ■'■■
rhorr<J in more c.aveniont r*-a<-h of thr •paaran
\in<i F!r«:<.n. Sf.f hr:ar:ht 2-15.'; tons of j-arpo
t.n<i crj'y ..r:^ pa^.vn^er. in tli- i«*.«^ni^>. Raw
leaving i»«mwirR «h^ Jiaxoni* has called at
f^vn-rn pottk, :ncSu<iin« Antwerp. LcnUon.
«"ailao an! -t!^: of the irnj>ortant ports of
Eouth and .C<^itr»I Anirrira. The tfaxenia is
one of th» lacfcst of th«? Kcsaios tin«TK.
This Maivoni Is Slow
Th« r<KUMttUte4 prhodoer] Marc*>r.l arriv»4
yn^tri'.a? afiT -,r« <■' thf lcngtst . p»yr-agp» {
on tip^onj frtn: Willana Ilarbr.T. Th* dlrtanc?
1* only about BOO iri'o*. but t»»«» Mar«-oni «Ji*- ;
graced hfr famm* nair.p by takins t«cnty-«lx i
days to ,nek- th'- par«»r*. " She mc-mreterM !
6orr« bed wcathf-r and was n-«th->ct wind i*rt I
•f tbe titr.?. Fler owwrs ven r«*ttins aiixious ,
*boat hrr and wr« p!r«F<>4 on Monday niifht .
to >jn tha.t nh* »v cfT the !*>rt.. Sh» broiighl '
8O0.«iO lew; or lum»>rr. ■ " ,
Wing and Wing on Fir*
Tfcf schooner WinK an-J M'ing. anchored in
ys»t»rman"s Cov«», i.ad a narrow escape yts
't'rtiiy frrrri 4=Mre^tlcn bj- fire. A <-oa) ell
l«mp *xi.!od»^l In th< fon- j*ak. Th*- pla^* nu
filled with flsrco- arwi for a ?>w rn:nu>s th«*
WJn« aiwt Winr w*m<><l to be Jr. for a fata!
•■■":..r.- Tfcr . tuc S*a Wltoh, irhl-h «as
txar at iiand. flmu a!oar*t<1< > ■. ••• blazing
'•rNwnfr an>l water Frooi ths tuxs fir* hc»e
soon extiiUful^h^ tip blare.' Th* S'-hocner'n
forward partiuon w«« dfstroywl and !part o?
th« derk barn«^ throuc!:.
.\lnmt*da Arrives From Honolulu
■' The O-~-iir.fr- Steamship <Jo:rran>'* l:n*r A'a
rr-r.&. Captain l>owdell. srrfved yerw>r<1ajr from
HtioIuIu with a full rarjco aad 1T3 pass^ng»T5.
The Alameda I«-:t TIcnolulu- the Mirr* .'ay as
th» F;»>*rU. Th- Taolfto Mail lin^r r»arh«<l
p<»rt-fir*t. but the Aliinieda's i*es»nKcr» uer*
■ *hort and ui«*c»-t> Inrfore the Siberia was
FVpnch Bark Madrlpfne Ix>st.
The French l^rW MadfMi)*, bound from
Jquiqu* for Dunkirk. has h;en lort !.-» the Eng
lish CJwnnrti A!! hands were saved and lan-U
*d « Grille.
Invrmess Is Settling.
Tb* eteamrtirp lavrrn-**". from Teccna. pre
viously' rpr-erW MMkorm at Morcria. Is now
tob^dded thirty tnchrs d»*p in th»- sand. Her
carxo i« l>ir.? dtschari^d: Tht- vessel la not
* — -■■
NKWS Op THE OCE.W
• ■■- •;>.-. r.rr.f y.ar>cr:ai d« Yi'.iars and
"1 tried sll k!r.d«.of bl^od r»-ssedles wMefc f«!'»^
trei C. T« E'lsSt, Newark. X J. !
t£ Vi>i *4r T"^9 Bowels
Camov CATn«mc j ,
PI«asa*»>t. Palatable. Potent. Taste G*od. Do Good. '
,V? 'IHH*" ien ° r OrtP*. "c. 2*e.i»e. New ,
sold In bnlic. TSe c^uoin* tablet »t».isp«d CCC.
<tcaract*ed to cure or yonr tn«»:ier bacit.
Sterling Remedy Co.. Chietro or M.Y. 595 ;
AKKUALSALE, TEB MiLUOH BOXES 1
Ma-Tuerite DuMfus proceed in ballad to Aus
tra!ia_
Chartered for Lumber-
Tiie (>ns»n bark Anna. <at Portland) Is
Chartered tor lumber thence to a direct China
port i lump sura). The *hlp» Elwell. now at
this port, proceeds to Eurtka to lead lumber
for Aujtralia.
Mo\cnicnu» of Steamers-
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Breakwater. . .' Coo* Bay 'Dec. 7
Empire ' Coos Bay D?c. 7
J.UlgKln* Redondo THc. 7
V.>:iir.j;oh... • OyMT Haibor ; Dc..7
Eur*ka Hun.boldt ;D*c. 7
Coruna | Hunsbol<?t t>;c. 7
C;ty Putb'.a: .- ParH Sound Port* Dec. 7
Aurelia - Portland ft Astoria D«?e. 7
Arcata ! Coos Bay D'c. s
Elt:ab»th ! i CoqoHle River ...: iDec. H
Santa P.osa . - , ! San B!»so &. Way Pis.;De.\ S
Point Arena. . : llcndocino * Pi. Ar:niD»o. *
Arro i Ee! River Ports' Dec. 8
Newport ' .\>w York via Anco.i. .'D c 8
Pan Pedro ! liuicboldt Dm. Si
'CnehaUi r...JEaa Pcdio Dec. s
Tltania. .'...■.•! Oyttcr Harbor : Dec. tl
Cmtralia Fan Pcd.o !De-. »
Nevedsn Konolu:u & Kanului. .!Dec. 8
Hcmer Gra>e Harbor *D*c. II
Czarina «'oos Bay . ;Cec. 11
Coos Bay : £an Pedro & Way Pis. D?c. 14
Columbia I l'.ort'an<i £ Asiorla IDec. 10
Mackinaw i T«eorr.a |Dec 1'
I>1 Norte Crescent City ...1 !Dec. 11
Newbu'C i Gray* Harbor |Dec 11
G. LinCauor. . " <"-av« Harbor Dec 11
Arctic Tiumboldt ! Dec. 1 1
Stare of Oal.. - San D!c*o *c Way FtJ. !Der. i2
• Mer.f s , ... ij t jatii; i>en. V2
Rainier i=f«ttle * fV-lllnfham. . D*<-. 12
G. Dollar. .:.. Grays Harbor jDec. It
-Ventura. »* .Sydney. 6--Wiv P;rt*..D«j- J2
Umati'.la Pcg't Sound Po-t» |D o. U
Jpanle t>a;rl» &. Tacoiaa 'Ue:. 12
Porno Po'.ct Arena & Albion.iD»c. 13
North Fork . . . ' Hutr.bo Jt | Dec. 1.1
Borlta ' Newport & Way Pcr»*. D.c 11
City PfU'.r.g.. I New York \ ia Ancon.. D«c. II
F. A. Kt'.burn- Porllani & Coos £ay.;D»c. 14
G. W". Elder. .} Portland & AstorU: .. . Dec. 15
S.Barbara.... Grays. Harbcr .D(C. 15
"-.-•;.< ' CJiina tz Japau De;. IT
M. S. Dcl!«r. . ! Ohiaa *.- Ja'»n 'Dec. 17
Q-jeen .' Pupet s-:ua«l Ports ;Dec. 11
TO~BAIL. '~
Bteascer. I D:»t'.r.alicn. -ISa'l:.; Pier.
December 7. !
Arctic ' Hcmboldt : » am PIt 2
Curacao ■ Mexican Ports . 10 am Pier 11
Secesiber 8.
P. Monica.. ■ Gray* Harbor I * paJJFJrr i
Mcr.tsra ! F^stt'e dlr^t i 4 r>ni Flrr i
Ftate of Cal j S*n D>go A Way.! J> ntrs 0 ! r 11
p C n:o " Pt. Arena & Albion! « pmPi>r 1
X. Fork ' Humboi^: ' 8 » m P1 ' r 2 '
G. W. El<J<r| Attorii & P,:rtlan<5 11 arn Her 24
December 9.
Ch<■^a'.l!« j Grpys Harbor j Pit —
Brpaktrst'r.i Coos Bay dlrrctr. .' 5 rmiPUr S
Arrata i Coot B. & Pt. OrSdilS rr.'Plrr U
EUsab^f.i . . .'• «'"quille River I 5 pm'Pler 31]
Certralla.. •] Gray? Harbor .' 4 rm'P'v TO
Correa ' Hcmbo!<!t |l:3Or!PI*r SI
Bcaita i J**irpert &■ Way..i 0 tra'PIrr 11
Eureka I HumboMt '• '•> am: Pier 11
. 1 Dccemcer 10. '
Toint Ar«r.a; Point' Ar«na ! 4 pmjPiv *
Art* ! f>! River Port*. ..' 4 pn Pif r :
Aurella i Astoria & Portland i 4 vm Wcr 21
■A'.am*<2a. ., .! Heno'.Jlu '11 am ; Pier <
' Citv -grdney ; N. Y. via An^in..;12 m'Pifr <C
December 11. I
City Pu'bla ! Pupet Scuntl Port*.. 11 aaa'Pier I.
P. Roni...«.' Pa^ Diejco & Way.i 9 am'Ti'r 11
December 12. | 1 %
Han Pe<",ro.. j Htimbvldt i 4 rra Pif r :
Feqvm'a ! WUtapa Harbor ...VI m PI': 9
Crarlr.a j Coos Bay direct...! •» nrn!Pi;r 5
Pomor.a • KumboMt |l:30r|Pl<r S
December 13. I
Ccf\* Bw..- San Pedro & Way..i D amTin- 1!
Cclunilia... Anatim t; Portlan«l;ll ur» F:*r 21
caelin j <"hina Jt Ja;»an....l nm^Pifr it
N"v»da-n. .- I Hon.*. *• Kahulul.). IPiT —
Hora»r ! Grays Harbor ! 4 rm'P.tr 1(
December 15. I ■?
a. rv.'lar..-! Gnn Harbor I 4 pm Pit If
NewbcrS'^-j Cray> Harbor i 4 ym'C.e.- It
December 1C. t.
Rainier , P"sul«- &■ Wlnshmi 4 pm Pic- K
T'matiiift . . . i Pcpet Sfi:jvl f'ort*.jll amiPl^r f
Jcanl< ' S«-atUf /. Taroma.- 5 pm|Plar 2<!
December 17. | !
Fibrrla.". CT-.ind & Japan. t.. I 1 pfn'Ple: -*C
'Newport N. V. via Ancon. -!12 mil'Ur 4")
FROM SEATTLE,
ftcamer. ' Deslinarlon. ) Sills-
Jfff»r!-.-;.i ! Si:sifii'*y A- Way Portjt.'Dec. S
Pott'juaC ' Cooks InUt & Way Pte Dec. 10
HumhoMt '• Kkacvar i: Way Por»s. D-c. IS
F«ra!lnn j Slcatwiy & Way Porw.iTec. 14
Far.ta Can.... SclUovia & Way Pcrt*.!D«\ lfl
SHII'I*IX<; IXTKl.LIGE.VCR.
AimiVED
Tu<*Uay. Dec«rj;ber «.
Ctr r'.mr Saxcr.:a. Hoppe, 142 tf*ye frc:n
Hambutf. via -Jfan Bias 3«j days. I-
Etmr S:t?r:a. Smith. 21 days <J hour*
mla from Hun«tions. via Yokohama 16 days 7
hours £7 mir.. ■via, Honolulu -.I rt«y« m hours SI
min.
Ptinr Porno. Ahlin. 12 hours ircra Pi'Int
Arena.
Stmr Nnrti'ood. Martin. <5S hours from Grays
Hctbcr, bcunii south, put in to land. par«n
ftmr Rcberi Hollar. Johnson. 66 hours from
Redonilo. via Port Harfcrd 4S hou>-«. wjth
titrKf tn tow to Do".!ar S S Co.
Stmr Alameda. 'Dowdell. 0 days rrom Hono
lulu.
Stmr-'WTjlt.tiCr, Dlrkson. 50 hours from A»-
Ptmr Boiiita. Pr*ble. *S hours from San
Podro.
Stirr Ma«Bi«. 4 hours from Half
tnocn Bay. '
Ptirr H^juofa. McLlement. •• hours from
\Vlll*i*« Harbor.
Chll hktfi Andromeda. Ramsellus. 95 days
from Xewcsaall*. Am.
Bktn Katt« Flicking«r, I-autz, 14 days from
Port Hadlock. •- . • •
Schr Marconi. Lars«n, 26 dAya from VMlIapa
Harbor.
Schr Heulah. Crickson. 12 days from Colum-
Pchr aiwin. Tbonitt, 24 days from TJlla-
Schr Melaocthon. Stark. 13 days from 'Coos
Bay.
Schr BorwalJ*. Eamuelscn. 8 days from Co
lumbia River. '
CLEARED.
Tuesday. December «.
Ptmr QtH^n, Cousins, Victoria, etc.; P C
8 S Co.
Rr ship Madagascar. McFarlane, Port Town
send: Hind, iloloh & Co.' -■ ■■ ," >'
Whal bark Alice Knowles. Chnrch. whal
lnt: j. & w.- r. Wfnr.
bchr r»art.l s>r!«-rhc!ni. Sen&k; Alaska Cod
fiehinc Company.
SAILED.
Tuom5»j-. December 6.
6tmr Merit*. Whitney,- Ha irrnocn:B*jr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1904.
I SCHOONER MARCONI. WHICH AP»
! RIVED YESTERDAY AFTER A
\ LONG VOYAGE FROM W1LLAPA.
Ptror Ciarina. Jchr.son. Coo» Bay.
" Stmr <2ue*n. Cousins, Victoria.
Sttnr Hee. Wehir.an. Eui>ka.
Strrr Norwood, if-rcin. Ljs Armeies ports.
Hnr Brooklyn Carlson, Mendoolno.
Stnr.r Scotia, Johnson, Bowens landing.
Stmr *?i:*>\ Gray. Mor.terey.
Cr »hip Thcrnlnl?ank. Smith. <ju»enstown.
Whal bark Alice Knowles, Church, whaling
• voyage.
Jennie Grlfflr>. Gibson. Point Reyes..
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IvOBOS. Dec. 6, 10 p. m.— Weather
I haiy; wind NE; velocity 6 miles per hour.
, SPOKEN.
Per ttmr Siberia— Dec 1, In lat 23 3 N, long
1 1T.1 S3 W. Br ftmr Comic, from San Fran-
I c.sco. for Chlr.a and Japan. Dec 3. In lat SO 49
; N. Ions 1-Hi 1:5 W. bark Olympic, hence Nov
i "::. for Honolulu. Vevt it. In lat -»1 « N. Ions
j luU T>4 \\ . taw a bark eteerjr.g SW. Dec 4. In
! lat 24 4S N. lor.g i::9 54 \V. Btrr.r Korea, from
t j=an Franeisoo, tor China and Japan, via Hon
t aids.
i'er ?tmr AlaTfda— Dec 1. in lat 35 19tS.
I leng 1M 25 W, Br etror Coytic, from San
; rr«::cf»cc. for Chlr:a and Japan. De;'« — In
; lat Z2 42 N. long 137 ol \\ . »mr Sonoma.
I lrom San Francisco for Honolulu. Auckland
j ar.d Sydney. Dec 5. U p rn. !n lat 3«J 2tf N.
( long 1"~ 32 XV. passe-1 tour topmast schooner.
DISASTERS.
CALAIS. Dec. 6.— French bark Madeleine,
| from- Iqutqur Sept 1". -lor Dunkirk, has be*>n
I lctf In the channel. Her ciev/ took to boats,
I from whkh they were rescued by a passing
i t'.tamcr anil land:<l et Granvlllc. No further
! particular an to how the versel was lost.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. ' FLORENCE. Or.— Arrived Dec 5— Schr Bella.
; -Jnet.- Oci IB.
PORT TOWNHEND— Arrived Doc 8— Bark
, • "♦ :.-rru i KairvhiM, from Kaanapall; bark
Louisiana, from Redcndo.
Kal!e<l Dec 6— Fr bark Mojierc. for Adelaide:
. tktn Skatit. for San Pedro.
COCS BAY— Sailed Dec ti— Stmr Arcata, for
| San Fruncl»co.
Sailed D«: <? — Stmrs Breakwater and Ar
: rata. lor San Francisco: stmr IT. A. Kilburn.
' for Aatoria. '
POli'l ULAKELEY— SaUed Dec «— Schr C.
i S. Kolrre-. itr fcr.n Ptd.ro.
SKA'fiLE— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Asuncion,
; hence I»ec ?.
Sailc-4 Dec 'i, noon— Stmr Cottage City, tot
: Sk«rw»y,
HjR'i GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 6— Bktn Ekag
: it. IVr San Pedro.
CUESUKNT < ITY— Arrived Dec 5 — Stmr
i Newsbf>;% l.enco Dec 3.
SEAT itK- Arrived V?c 6— Stmr Jeanie,
; hence Vc: 1.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec «— Stmr Northland,
i tT.ce "Cec 3.
Sailt-d Dec <; — Stmr George Loomls, for San
'. Frar.c!«co.
bailed Dec fi--Br ship Langdale, for Qu^ens
' torrn.
Htr.ONDO— Sailed Dec 0 — Stmr Samoa, f£r
i l-itn Frenclsco.
VAI'VMa— Sailed Dec 3 — Stmr Mackinaw,
I ior Sin Krar.ciico.
; TATCO.SH— Pa»»il out Dec *— Stmr Mack
: inaw. srom Tacoma. (cr San Francisco: echr
| Uilver J. Olson, irom Mad'.son. f«r San Pedro.
HAXDON-»-i-ai!ed Dec 0 — Stmr Elizabeth, for
: Fan Fr: nd5C". ,
Kt'REKA — Arrived Dec G — Stmr Ncyo, hence
1 Dec f.
Sailed D*c C — S.rrr Corona, for San Fran
; r!«cc.
SAN PKDRO— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Alca
; trrz. fvoin Ut%enw«nd; bark Haydn Brown,
i troni Tftcrtnji.
Sailed U«« *'— !-tmr!> Tarr.pico and F. H. I.eg
1 gett. tor San Frauciseo.
CRAYS HAP.BOR— Sai:^fl D«o 0— Rktn J. L.
1 Eviston. for fan Pedro. Launched Dec 8 —
• Fcow. t'0i273 f*ot, »i Hcxiuiani Ehtpyards.
POUT ANGELES— Arrived Dec 6— echr For
; '«►!-. frrrr. I!ed<-.ndo.
i BELLINUHAi:— Sailed Dec C— Schr Albert
! Mover, for San FtsnciMO.
V»ESTr*ORT— Called Dec C— Stmr Navarro,
! fcr Pzn I^dro.
SAN D1EG<. % — £a!!rd Pet? C— Schr Sadie, for
! Un r^ua.
ISLAND
HOTCOH-'LI"— Arrived Do<- C— Stmr Ven
j tura. fmr?» h'j'dney. for Kan Francisco.
Arrived Dec C— U S etrer Sheridan, from
Mai:lla: ttmr Ventura.
J liONOiPl'— Arrived jirlor Nov 2S— Schr Olga,
! hence Nov f.
TASTERN POnTS.
I DCSTON— ArrivcJ Dec 5 — Mr *hlp Ptron<»a,
I from louic 1 *-
NEW YOHK— Sailed Dec C — Br «tmr Ca
cixjue, for Cal'.ao.
FORKIOX PORTS.
' A NCON— Arrived Nov 27--Etmr City of Para,
t"r.cc >Tov Z. -
CALETA m:ENA— Arrived Oct 23— Br stmr
Anglo African, frcm Tvnc.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived prior Dec 5 — Br ship
eieoraer-e. from Pert I-uOlow.
In pert Dec 3 — Br shJp Troop, and proceeded
I after replacing, trails; ! destination . Delaware
[ Bit-akwater.
I SINGAPORE— Arrived Nov 10— Htmr Kee
! nun. from. Liverpool, Port Towniiend.
GIBRALTAR— Petsed Dec 3— Br ttmr In
•Irapura. frcm New York, for Manila. Nov 30—
Kr »:a-.r Vulcan, firm Manila. ; .
PENAXO— Sailed Dec 1— Br etmr Albenga.
• for ?Ce«- York.
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec &— Br rtnir Stan
ley rv>!l«r. henc* Oct 31.
KOLLEXDO- Sailed Nov 1— Br ehlp Nelson,
for Victoria.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Dec &— Stmr
Sierra, hence Nov 10.
BRISBANE— Arrived prior to Dec 6 — Br
strrr Miowera. from Vancouver.
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec 3 — Ger ttmr
Ramte*. h«nce Au* 12.
; OCEAN STEAMERS. //Jti
I NEW YORKr-Arriyed Dec 6 — Stmr Llguria,
J from Genoa: ettnr Neckar. from Naples. ■■
, Sailed Dec <t — Stmr Armenian, for-Liver
pool: «mr Koenigen Luise. for Naples and
Genca; »trar Neapolitan Prince, for Naples.
GENOA— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Phoenicia,
from New York for Naples.
CHRI3TIAXIA— Sailed Dec 2— Stmr United
States, for New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Dec 8 — BUnr Totmes 1
from Seattle, San Francisco, ' Corlnto, etc
BRISBANE— Arrived prior to Dec *— Stmr
Mini* th. from Vancouver, via Honolulu, for
Sydney. -N S W. / *
■ GLASGOW^Arrived D«c 6 — Stmr Numld
ian. from New York- •
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec 6— Etmr Kroon
land. from Xew York.
Memoranda.
Per Chll bktn Andromeda— Xov 27. SOO. miles
W of San Francisco. In heavy gale. . carried
away fore roralsnaat. ■ ; . --■
. LONDON.. Dec. 6. — Br «tnar Inverness, from
Taconr.a. previously reported ashore at Mcro
ran. is imbedded thirty inches- in the sand,
f^arp-n in being dlircharRed. Vessel is not.leak
ing.-, PrcJi^-cts good Tor floating.
Weather Rei>ort.
<120th Meridian— PaciJlc Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec. 6—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum t»m
peraturci are reported for the previous day:
Boston /. 34-22 Plttsburjr .10-23
Chicago 32-20,New Orleans .18-54
Cincinnati 38-20. New Tork .14-26
Honolulu. H I.'.t.80-Ci]8t Louis 42-.10
Jacksonville 70-60i Washington 32-23
PhilsiHelnhia . .. H.M
SAN FRANCISCO 6S-4«.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date laet season and the rainfall In the last
twenty-four hours: j,
Lait . Thi.« Last
SUticns— 21 hours.. Season. Season. '
Eureka O.CO 9.03 4.31
Red Bluff O.CO 10.79 S.45
Sacramento 0.00 7.XS» ! .; S.M
San Francisco O.*rf» K.HO 4.42 •
Fresno O.CO 5. Oft .J»S '
Independsnct- O.CO .45 .42.
Pan Luis Cbl«po 0.00 4.75 .f.O
Lcs Anse'.es <>.00 l-*8 .43
San Diet" O.CO .23 ' .07
THE COAST RECORD.
— 2 2 C ■'» "3 ',
1 '. IIII5I ?f |j
ETAT.O.NS. |. |||| |f |- ' |j
BaVer SO. ."58 4i> CO W -Cloudy .00'
Cantcn 3O.34 4tf « N Clear .««> "
Eurtka 30.20 64 40 NE Clear " .«W '■
Fresno SO. 20 CS'fM NTV Clear' '.CO
S.E. Farallon tift.VJ S7 »O E Clear ;U0
Flagstaff 30.16 3* 24 NE Cloudy T.'J
Pocatello 30.42 42 : 1* ; S\V Clear - -."'.■#* •
lnd*p<r.a<>nce. S0.J2 M SO SW Clear . >' .00 i
Los Angeles.. .30. OS 74 44 W CVar V'.OO '
Mt.TamalpaIs S0.22 57 4'J SW Clear . .CO I
North Head ..3f».14 52 42 SE Clear. .00.
Phfenix ......30.10 84 SS E Cl«>ar '»OOj
Pt.Reyen L'ht.SC.l*. M 49 Nff Clear ".00
Portland SO. 22 4* 3o E Clear .00 J
Red Bluff 30.24 5S 32 NE Clear .00*
Rcscburg .10.20 44 32 K Clear .<V» <
Sacramento ..30.22 S4 S2 XW Clear -C») '
Salt Lake 50.36 .42 22 W Clear .00
San Kranclsco.30.22 5$ 40 NE Clear .Co
San L. Obispo.ao.14 7n 3(t NE Clear .00
San Diego ".0.152 72 ' 52 NE Clear .00
Seattle 30. is 4G 31 SE Cloudy .dl
Spokane 30.30 34 2<i SW Pt.Cldy .CO
Tatoo»h 30.08 50 44 E Cloudy T
Walla Wal!a..30.-Vt. SO- 2*> NW Cloudy .00
Winnernucca ..30.3< 46 « NE Clear .CO
Yunia fO.Oa CS 3S NE Clear .uO
V.EATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
. FORECAST.
The weather continues clear and cool over .
th» entire western half of the country.
Condition* are favorable fcr heavy frosts
Wrdr.eeday morning generally In California.
Forecast mad? at San Kranclrcn for thirty
hours, ending midnight. December 7:
California, ncrth of the Tehachapi— Fair
Wednesday ; heavy frost Wednesday morning:
lisr.t northeast wind*.
'"ellforn a south of Teharhapl — ?*alr W*>d
r.eeday: pc«»ibly light fro« In the mcrnlng
beck from the coast; lls'ut northeast winds.
Nevada — Fair Wetlnctday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair We-dnen
«iay: pcEEtbl\ light fregt ia siorning; light
northeast v.lr,;5.
Us Angeles and vicinity— Fair Wednesday; '
possibly light irogt in the rooming; light *
northeast winds. J
SacranK'ntfi — Fair Wrdnesday: heavy frost in
morning; lltht northeast wind*.
Fresno— Fair Wednesday; heavy frost In
morning ; light north winds.
\ A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster. ■
— :• <- , 1 ►•. !
Sun, Moon ami Tide.
United States Coast an<1 O*<Kjetle Survey —
Ttm- and Hpipht of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance tt» San Franclpo
Bar. • Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The hlph and low waters oocur at
the city.. front <MUi«Ion-m*«t wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point* the height
of tide Ik th<> tame at both places.
WEDNESDAY. 'DECEMBER 7. j
Sun rises 7-13 '
t>un sets 4;5O
Mocn sets ../.... 6:25 j». m. ;
0 !Tlmej ITime! iTimej Time|
1 ! Ft. I Ft. I Ft. Ft.
•" 1H \VJ |l. \\\ |H Wj L W|
T I O:Cfij 4.7i 4M0I 2.0110:35 6.fi! 3:471 — 1.1
S C:fHi| 4.S'S:24!-. 3.«Mll:33 "5.81 0:S1|— 1.0
| i) 1:4.1 4.S!0:12 a.O 12:17 r..5| 7-.1SI — O.T I
10 2:SC| 4.817:02 3.1 1 :CS 5.2i 7:57|— O.I |
1\ 3-.1SI 4.SI 8:00 3.11 1:5C 4.6| 8:42! 0.2 •
12 4:0C| 4.0! 0:10 3,l| 2:46 4.2| 0:2l\ ■ 0.6 i.
NOTE— Ir. tht above exposition of . the tides !
the rtrly mornlnc tides are given in -the left!
hand column and the successive tidss of the i
day In the order of occurrence a« to time* the '
fourth time column Rivej the u«t Ude of the!
day. except when there are but three tldea as ■■■
sometimes tccurj>. The heights giren are In i
addition to the sounding* of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except .when a minus « — ) ;
elgn precedes the height, and then the number !
given Is' subtracted from the depth given by'
Ibe chart*. The plane of reference is the mean i
of ths lower low waters. j.
+ .-—■■■■
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrorraphic Office. U. p. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Franci«co. Cal.,
D»«aib«r 6. 10C4.
The T!ni« Ball on the tow« r of the Ferrj
building was dropped exactly- at noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon- of the 120th meridian or at ?
p. m. Greenwich ' time. J. C. BURNETIT.
Ueutenant. U. S. X.. | n charge.
§ Owing to Uie unusual tlemnntl £
» \ on Uie part of our subscribers 9
g for THE CALL'S Premium Cook S
S Book It l«as been necessary to X
i\ order . an ' additional supply. £,
o These books are expected about tt
o tl>e" ISth " 'Inst.v; on and after <5
8 wiilch date they! will be at the g
8 disposal of our r natrons at the S
w very -low 'price 'of -50c.- ■**
w ..To Mubscribers receiving thrtr.fi
« paper -by mall there will be an g
«^additional charge, of 25e to pre- g
S pay exprcssage. ; We-also have tf
w on hand a few copies of , "Wild O
« Animals I Have. Met." thor- P
8 - onghly descriptive of the whole S
8 an final kingdom, on the same x
» : terms.' Order now, ns our sup- 8
V lily Is limited. IJj
fexrC^o oo<>:^o;o:o «c^/»?o o)x«i^5
RUNAW AY CAR
COSTS A LIFE
Brakeman Is Killed and En
gineer and Fireman Badly
Hurt in a Railroad Wreck
COUPLING PIN FAILS
Oil Carrier Breaks Loose on
Grade and Dashes Round
Curve Into a Locomotive
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 6.— The
first wreck on the Salt Lake Desert
track has already cost one life and
may cause two more. The wreck oc
curred near Barstow to-day. A tank
car, with Henry Rogers on. board, was
being hauled up one of the long grades.
The coupling pin broke and the car
dashed down the grade. Rogers tried
to set the brakes, but they proved in
effective and tte car ran for miles at
terrific speed. At siding 21, ten miles
from where the car broke loose, it
swept around a curve and 'ran into a
locomotive on which were Engineer J.
M. Henderson and Fireman F. U.
Miller. ■
The engine was standing still, and
the men in charge were taken com
pletely by surprise, and were caught
in the smash-up. Both car and engine
were totally wrecked. The Injured men
were placed on board a train and hur
ried to Daggett, Rogers dying on the
way. Henderson and Miller were taken
on the west-bound overland train to
Los Angeles, where it was found that
they are seriously injured.
Rogers* body was brought to this
city. He leaves a widow and family In
Reno, New He was a brakeman.
Crushed to Death by Wagon.
STOCKTON. Dec. 6.— While trying
to recover a ball which had rolled un
der a heavy wag-on loaded with po
tatoes", Michael Firpo, four years old,
was run over and crushed to death
this morning:. The Chinese who was
driving the wagon is regarded as
blameless and was not arrested.
TWO DAYS AT SAXTA CRUZ.
Round Trip, With Board at Hotel, $8
Saturday to Monday excursion tickets to
Santa Cruz. Including two days" board and
lodging at Hotel St. George, will be sold on
Saturdays hy Southern Pacific agents. This 13
a- fine chance to visit one of Call:oriila's great
est winter retorts. Military band concerts on
the beach Saturdays and Sundays: mammoth
casino; pleasure pier: boating, fishing, eurf
hathinc. hot rait water arrt plunge bath.*;
beautiful walks and driven, and perfect r!l
n:ate. The place for social clubs to spend the
WMk's end. Tickets so!d at Third and Town
«*nd Streets depot. 613 Market street and at
ferry ticket o/f.ces. •
A D VEKTISE-MEyTS. j
CASTOR! A I
Foi InfantB a?.d Children. i
■ : fli8 Kino You Have Always Bougnt j
Bears the syj? SZ$J^J^ \
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FRANKLIN FIRE
IKSUmfrCE COMPANY \
OF Philadelphia. In the State of Pc-nsyt- !
vanla. on tte 31st day of December. A. D. !
1903. and (or the year ending on that day. as .
made to the Insurance (."cmmlsslooer of th« !
'state ■ t • dti <..-.^. ,.-ii:,u><iii i-. u- u.-r»i<,...j j
of rectlons 610 and Cll of the Political Cod*. '
condensed as per blank Jumlshed by the Coin- I
mivslcner.
CAPITAL.
Anrcunt or Capital Stock; paid up
»n cash $ too. COO 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate T»-n«d by Company.. $ 23J.200 00
Loans en Honds ana Montage*.. »O.S3s 0-J ,
Cash Market Value of all J rocks i
and Bonds ---wned by Corapany.. 2.0»2 213 00 i
Amount c.l ljjins secured by
lifdge of llonds. Stocks and
ether KArkPtable securities as
trilateral 50. COO 00 '
Ca»h In Company's oinc* " T41 33 '■
Ca*h In banks 7ti!e*3 3J :
Interest due and accrued en BonJs ;
and Morurases .«. 1363 47 1
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tlon •- - 123.407 Uj
ToUl Assets .S3.14l!.V>4 41 !
MARILITIES. —-—=== |
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 21.008 7;i i
Lxfcses ln-rrocfss o! adjustment or
In j.'jspeiTse ••/•;• V i: - sis «
losses resisted, including expenses 1.&40 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
ning cne year or less, 5327,287 14; v ~.i-<'
reinsurance 50 per cent . _ 2(3 043 57
Grcss premiums on Firs Risks run-
" ring -.rtcre than one year. $757.- ' •
. # .'U 21: reinsurance pro rata 387.876 91
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on Perpetual Fire Insurance Poli-
cies Vt;", " 819,660 48
Commissions and Brokerage due "
■ nd to become due 23.SSI .Tl
Total Uabilltifs ..$i.«rw?5C« ss
INCOME. — =====
Ntl cash actually received for Fir*
premiums J713.S77 63
F.ecel\*d for Interest on -Bonds
nnd Mortgac** " • 5.8S1 10
lleteivd for Interest and dividends
on CovAf. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 113084 «C>
-Received fcr Rents * 133 6 , I
Total Income 7i*».07& Oti
EXPENDITURES =====
N«t aicount paid fcr Fire Losses
. (intludln* Jw5.STT» 17. losses of
previous years) ,. $350,335 00
Dividend* to stockholders 80.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission cr
Rrckerape 171,522 70
Paid for Palarlf a. Fees and other
Kharpes for oflie«r«j clerks, etc.. 35 C85 50 '
Paid fcr State. National and I«cal ;
■ Taxes 21.643 73
All other payments and expendi-
tures ■ 96.521 43
Total Expendlturea.'. .$755,037 47
Los>«es Incurred, durlns the year....J354.063 ii
RUlss and Preciluma.l Flr» Rltks. | Premiums.
Net amount of; risks
written durinr the - .
years. $69,971.5021 911.270 OJ
Vet amount of risks
* expired durtns the
year - 63.112.457 S04.543 63
Vet amount In force
December 31. 1903.. 1C5.651.23SI 1.224.9S3 50
J. W. MCALLISTER. Pres'deau "
E. T. CRESSON. Secretary. *..
. Subscribed *nd snern to before - me. this
13th day of January. 1304.
SAM H. KIRKPATRICK.
Notary Pub.lc.
Pacific Coast Department, 218 Sansgns St.
Telephone James 7S41. - ,
6E0R3E F. GRANT, Manager. |
A. H.TRUHEN, Assistant Maiijer. |
Citj Department, 20 Monlgomsr} Si.
6. H. UVBS?k:& GJ.. Pevdsal g>nls.
ADVEKT1SKMELVTS.
M Safety wgift §
]({ Perfectly convenient and never II
HI gets out of order. Goes over u
Ml the face like a feather and does 11
|l| not pull. " Price S.'.OO. . /■
II Star Safety Razor Is another II
Uj trood Safety Razor. Price has II
il| been reduced from T2 to Sl.ilo.' II
y| Good Razors as low as 81.00 In
1| Standard makes. ill
fli An appropriate pift Is one of III
I Conklia's Belf-rillixur Pens. The M
||l perfect fountain pen. Does not h
III drJp nor leak, fills itself and n
IU does not soil the finders. Prices /fl
\\ S.C to S."». Christmas cards and 11]
i 1 books moderate prices. ji
II Mail orders promptly filled. II
THAT MAN PITTS I
ft F. W. PITTS, the SUtloner. I]
| 1008 MARKET ST.. Opp. Fifth. |/l
If San Francisco. If
f) visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
InUSESiS OF A3AT0iYf
\ CJ The Ljr-»«? Abi:ck.c»I Jl^tc-m ; n ih*
/) Wcr '*' »«itsi>« ar i«» c arta :•.-<: A
A {[*%&& 0^. JORDAfi-D'SEASES OF KEH
U n j5ti Ti««aieni r»rorii » rs !»• :«.'f- A /J
\ fl )/ M ' '•***•* r «» »»«ry'c»-« sndcn»i re. T
AP'I Hi? v./uefr* r-ok. rnaonurnvaf A
V • :| '." HinniAci:, maizes fx&&. iaV
i |J J| TsJbiWe bec : (or vi) >
V EQ. JOCI) A.\ A CO.. IK1 Mnrkrt »t.S. P. V
jm^P^-sJI MENANDWOMEIt*.
<5Bfft?vCB£7 ; V' i 9 C§e Bif Gfornaaaturai
«&f^l» 1 i* £ lait-Vy di«t:haritsj.ln!lar.!ZSatioBi,
jSfflM 1 Oo»r»Btefi W irrit»ti3BE cr clc*rat!ons
O<t5jf lot u (trlttarf. of mucoDi meaibrtnes.
B~Tl Pf««i«i f wiiriw. Paini*«i, aad not ulria*
KTlTHEETiSSCHEX'lCilM. ?»nt or poifoaoni
W^, USCin.'UTl.B.P^a «cld by OrarfKU.
u*> a, 3^1 or i*at iz -jliin wrnpp^ 1 .
JgasTjk a<T*l|| by express, prsp^ii. .or
»1 .00. or i brtttl** ti.Tb.
a< circnlar M=t oa rtcaart.
MARKET ST. Sf.^2ai^
OCEAN TllAVEL.
Steamers leave Broadway
y^VfjS-SSaV wharves (piers 9 aad llj,
fSff >fv»^ * ;an Francjaco:
/fiVVcS'^* V*\ for Ketchlkan, Wrar.?f'..
I i \W^rV3k I 1 Janeau. Treadweil. Ilair.e*.
1 I \*>r > «; 1 tkatuay, etc. A:a«Ka— l:
\A Vi^/ttl ■ ni - Der - «• 6 - n - la > 21 '
VAVs\l ystj - 1 '. **■ J *°- *• Chaaee t»
XjS^Tu^r'y' this company's steamers at
Feattle. -.- : - >
For Victoria. Vancouver*. Port Townsend.
Seattle. Taccma, Everett. Sooth Belllnghan.
BeillnKham— 11 a. m. Dec. 1. «, 11. 1«. SI, 28,
31. Jan. 3. Change at Seattle to this ccm
< pa.-.y's fcteamers for Alaska and G. N. Iiy.: at
' Seattle cr Taccma to N. P. Ky. ; at Vancoaver
to C. P. Ky.
tor Kuirka <ilumtx>ldt Bay)— Pomona. l:3o
! p in., Dec. 12. J3. t*. 3O, Jan. Xt. Corona.
! 1:30 i>. m.. LVc. "A. 0. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
' For Lcs Anrei's <vla Port Lo» Angeles ar.d
! Redondo). San Diega and Santa Barbara — San-
i va lUsa. Sundays. 0 a. n:.
State of Calitornla. Thur»da>». 9 a. m.
; Kcr 1-^s An«l«« <v!a San Pedro and Vjtar
I San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crui, Mon-
i itiiv. Kk-, .-hi-— -n. »«>i «•-».. i-.rt ilan^rj tsan
i Luis Oblspo). Ventura aad Hueneme.
' -lioniui. i. ii. re.. Uec. I. !>. 17, its. Jan. 2. .
Coos Hay; '.» a. tn.. IV?. 3. 13. 21. 2», Jan. 6.
For EnMnada. Macdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas sM»x.>. 10 a. m.. 7th each inc.
+*or further information obtain fo!d»r. n.chi
is if s^rveil to thanra i«tfainer!t or sailing dales
TIC1TCT OPPICXS — 4 New Montgom-
ery ■*■ 'Palac* Hi-t«l».l<» Market «t..and Broad-
way wharves. PreiR-htoace 10 Market st.
C. D. DL'XANN. r;«r.»ra! psfserjer Agent
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Part f.c* Transfer \'c. "ft gutter st.. will
raM Mr sr.d check batrgae? from horels aad
r*«if>n<es. T>|»i>hon< Krchange -112.
ftfl^Aanipm <k ftk •""""- *«■"*. «w
r.na usi « >*«rr.
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Hr«no:ulj. Dec.10 11 am
S S. VKNTURA. for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and RjrdntK Thursday, D* c 22 *2 d 'm
S S. MARIPCSA. fcr Tahiti, tec. 31. 11 a.' m.'
J.F.JrElCIELS&ESOm, Altl.TlCJLnoaijJi] i r .
18L iRlgtt (£S3 327 JlillS. SL. fill I. Pa;j; ;-.
tCKPAj.<t2 CSN2E\i3 TBATJATJl f SI i Ji
D1KKCT IJNE TO HAVRE-PARIS
tailing e\ery Thursday Instead of «?*"J?Y'7
Saturday, at IU a. in., from Pier ' i xrr
: *r.- Ncna Klver. loot of Morton st. I
1-irst ciass to Havre. $70 ar.J upward. Sec-
i end cla»* tf Havre. »4r» and upwart!. &K>«.
ERAU AGENCY KUP. UNITED STATES ASL>
CANADA. "K." Brradway (Hudson bui!d:a;i
New Ycrlt. J. F. PUQAZ1 A CO.. Pacific t.oa*;
As r ot!>. •* Mostgorcery avtnu*. San Francisco,
•p-l-cra •-"'<* hv •»!! f;<t'l-f»<1 TtfV:»t Agents.
Por XJ. 3. Navy Tara aad Vallejo.
Sir*. Gt-cera! hnsb.e, .ujr.jj .-.i 0 ana Arrow.
' 0:-l^ a.m.. 1^: JO p.m.. .; :15 p.m.. o p..n . a:«u -J,
\ m. Leave Pan Francisco Sundays !>:43 a. a..
: Yz:'H> i>.ra.. 0 p.m.. »VtU p.m. I.-»v> Vallejo. r
a.rc., U a.m.. 12:;:0 p.3».. S:15 p.m., o p.a3. Sun.
day* 7 a.m., a a.m.. :l:20 p.m.. « p.m. Pier '2.
ft Mission *t. : phone Main 15»i\- HATCH RHOS
Fcr XJ. S. rravy Yard and Vallejo.
Ftir.r. H. J. CORCORAN leaves north end
Ferry b!dc-. foot of Clay st.. 10 a. m.. 5:^-1
p. m.; Sunday*. ~ lO a. m.. » p. m. Leav«
Vallejo. Aden's 7:13 a. it.. 2::J0 p.
m. : StindayS. 7-15 a. m.. 3 p. m. Fare. 2Sc
*ach way PIPER. ADEN. OOODAM. CO.
RAILWAY TKAVEL.
tt\ JBWiY^ /*¥
; JCAUFORN]! A LIMITED!
ICHlCAGcTiN 3 DAYSi
SU.EAVGS OAILY ATdZOAMQ
WlTMOir^CWSAHO SLEEPERS IB
1 Otlier Saata Fe Trains:
t { 252 f%2't for SteeVton. Fr»sno. RakersSeld.
I bio* I', mj ««Kt* Hanford and Visa!?..
' ' 4:W>' r- m. For SrocXton.
(:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Graal Caaycn
and Chicasct.
Ticket Ofrt<es— «4l Market st. and Firry Depo:.
6an Franelsco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak.
. land. Cal.; also 27 South 1st. Saa Jo?e.
HP^^^I To SAN RAFAEL,
S^Mliites R0SS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
W^m^^ CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUOE.
l>epari fioro San Fraac!«co, dally, at t7:&3.
7:45. S;25. U:1U. U:30. 11 :• 0 a. m.; 12:ry. i:4i
3:li. 4:35. 0:13. 5:S0. 6^U. 7:13. lu:13 anj
' ll:3o p. m.
1 Arrive at San Frarcisco, daily, at tC:40."
7:3."«. S:15..a:6O. 0:30. 10:50 a. in.; 12:10. l::{o,
2:55. 4:25. 0:05. 5:42. t>:22. 6:ST. 7:10 anu
11 :25 p. m.
I il>a!ly except Sunday.
} For Fairfax, dally, at 7:15 a. m.; also ?at-
i urfays at a:iri p. in., and daily except >atur-
! day and Sunday -at 5:15 i> m.^
TIIIIOUCH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadsro ami my station*.
3:15 i. cr... Saturdays only — For Cdzadero.
«tc
■ .5:15 p. m. rial!?, except Saturday iM Sun-
- day. lor Tt>maJ««. e:c.
, TICKET •TKICE— CSO Market rt.
FCKIiy— Un'rr- I >er.t,t. r.tt nfiMarhn 't.
RAILWAY TRAVELl
S^rfJ^S*. Trml»t 1««t* isa un «m»
/Vfrrrr^X to »rrl »• at
ffpiii^zi 8AN FKANCI3CO.
V Jf~J r»OH OCTO»»» it. 1304.
V Fust DaTOT
NjjC I IS (Toot of Mtrkst S^eet )
'■•**« - MAIN LINE. -AWT.
7 COa v«eaTi::e. Wiatcrs. Kam»«y_ 7 60 •
7 DC* BcBirla, ElmlrsanJ Sacraaento.. 7-20»
7.30a Tollejo. Napa. t »'.»•>,"». Saata
Uot*. Uartlnei. Saa Ctmoa 8 70»
7J0a Nllem. Tracy. L»taror>. SMt:«.... 7.20»
8 00a >h»«m Kxpreta— (Via !>»»!•>.
V*i::tam>. Willow*. ♦Kr.ua. lied
BI-i:T. Tortiaad. Tacoma, deaul* 7-50»
8 CCa DaTis.TTo<M:and. Sn'cSti Laudlagv
Marrsrille. Orovtlle 7-89^
8 SOj» M«rtlsA. Antloctk Byron. Tract*
8toc>ct«i. Nawasa. Lo* Baaoa,
'•lec.i •«. Arnoaa, Haaford.
Vlta'U. ."ortervllJe *J9»
8 33 » Port Coata. Mod e»to. Mareed.
Freioo. P.osJicn Jaacttoa. II»a-
ford. Vl»»>!a, H»'.rr»-.e:j 430*
• 30 * KUr*. San Joao. I.Ivi-rmore. StoeK-
t^.i'Mr-m 1 . h.r.c. S^rin'BW
, llarrsTtlle. C&leo. Ue4 OlaS .... 4.2C»
S 5Ja nxi :» .(•. C!il.l»»e. Jameitoira. So» _-
oora, Tnoiuniu* aad Angel* . 4J^^
9 CCa AU«nt!eKx?r«»»-Of(Jea*adBMt. 6-20*
8 JOa Ki.-hmooil. llartlncx aad Way' . ■ ■
&u:!ons 150p
lOCDAThc OTerUnd Limited — ••*<1«n.
Oiuab*. CQ:.-.«jo. Dearer, Kaosaa
ioooavS!:.^:;::- ::::::::•:- illS:
ICCOa Lo« An»»:es Panenffer — Port
Costa. \ir'!:n. Ryroa. Tracy,
Lalhrop. Stockton. Merced.
K»r mr.-l. Fresan. Oosaen Jaae-
tloa, I! in fir 1. Lemoore. VUa!ta> _
B*ter#3el<l. Los Anifeles 7-20»
124R)m naywsrd. Kile* and War SuUoaa. 3-20»
tl-OCP Sarrameato UlTer Steasiers ti l.0C»
3-33* Beaicis, v,!n'.»r». 8s«ramcsta.
\TiMxtlac.1, Katghta Laadlat.
MirjtT 1 .::-. (ir'.T'.:;« aad way
• t.-. i:-»a» 10-80*
S?Cp U*y »ard.NJles aad W»y 3t»t!ont.. 7.S0»
5 SOP fort •; -i ». M *rt;aez. !;..■ ria, rrscy.
L«t:.r.,p. Muriv-a. Modesto.
Merced. Berewia. Tresao and
TT.tjr Statlont Ixyood Tort Costa 12-20*
4 COp MtrHaei.SiiTirumco.Vii'.eJa.Says.
Cal!*tcra. Saata Ho«a> 9 20*
4 CO? N!les. Tt»ct. 9tucku>a 10 20 «
4 2ap{i»TWArl. ">.1fs. IrvlaKtoa, 8aat tSSO*
Jot •. Llvermor* I tll.SJ*
S-C?pThe Owl I.iaiiil-Niwaui. Loa
Binoi. Mnxlait. Fr»»n s Tulwa,
Uakersaeld.LoaAaKSI«s. — 9 SO*
15 33? Hay ward. Mies and san J<>«» .^._ 7.20*
6 OOP ,'Iayvartt. !il!csaad Saa Jo«a. 8 iO»
8-OOp E«%tera L x,t-j» — Onans. Cbicajro.
Dtartr. k\»asss City. si. Leali,
Martlet/. Siocktoa. SacrsjataM
Co'f*x. Ueuo. Sparks. iloaieUa,
„ _. Otdea .»... *2-B0»
8.00p Vallejo. dally, except doaday... . I 7 ■«-
7 -OOP V.lleju. hnaday oaJy f I-ZB»
■ 7X0p i.Wh: ■< r. !. 9«a P»blo. Port CoaU.
Mirttae* aad Way Statloaa...... 11-23*
700p Bcno PaMeBcei 1 — fort Costa. B«-
Blc)». Salsan. Elmlra. Ulxoa.
DstIs. Sacraasento, Sparks. Tono>
p*\ Kreier aad Way Statioas... 7 -CO*
8 OSp Orf jra A Callfcra.'a Kiprest— S»>
rararato, Uarysvllle. Eeddlac.
Portland. Pact: Svuad and Et »i. 8-SOa
t.i Op litTwsr;. m:«b and Saa Jos* (Soa-
JsyoaiT) 11-684
- COAST LINE (tarrew ua«ft>.
t Foot of Mn/tet Street.)
6.16* Newark. CeaiertUIe. Saa Jo»«.
Feltna. Bouider Creek. Saat*
Cruz aad Wgy sutloas 653*
t215s» N»w«rs. CeaterrUle. Saa Joi%
New A;icMl«a. I.04 Gato«.re!toa.
UouM.-r Creek, Santa Cms aad
Principal Way Suuoas MO 55 %
4.1Bp Newark. Saa Jose, Loa Gatoa...]
, «9.3Cp Haaters' Tra!a fSatarday »a!/)—
fcan -Jo»e and Way Stations t7.2S»
COAST LINE «»roa4 «»aaa»).
EB~ ( la'.rJ »nq l .-. .»a«end Streets.)
**6-10a Saa Jose au<fway 3U:!oaa. 8 30p
700a f»a Jo«e and W»y btatloas 6 40»
8 COa New Almaden (Taes^ Frtd.. oa!y). 4.10P
8-00AThe Coaster— 6aa Joe, Sallaaa.
Baa Ardo, Ptso R- Sir*. Saata
Margarita, Saa Lalt ObUpa.
li marts' up-?. Gaviota, Saata ll*r-
Dars, 8aa Baaaaveatara, Sf-a-
taWo. Oxaard. Bur baa k. Lo*
Anse'.es 10- 13*
8 COa O'.lroy. 1'olltster. C*satr»rn«, Del
Monte. Pacific Grove, Serf. Los*
poe 10JC»
8.00a S»a Joi». Tres PtDos.Wa:sonTt:ia.
Cspttola. Saata Cms, Faelflo
Grove, galtaaa. Saa Lut* ObU^o
aad Princl?*. Way 8tat!ooa. ... 4.10»
1030a faa Joie sad Way Sutloas. 1.20*
11 JCASaa Joseaad Way Ststloaa „ 7-30s>
2-15p S*u Jose and Way Statioas 8 38*
aCbPUel Moate Express— Saata Clara,
>an Jo*c Watsoavllle. Santa
vrai. Del Moate. Monterey.
Pacific GroT* 12-15»
13-OOp Los Gatot. Wrizht. Bouldrr Creak.
- Saata Cruz, rla Santa Clara aad
Narrow Gauge . .«, t10-43*
S-SOp Valencia St, tjnnU) San Praaclace.
Bariinsjuine. S»r. Josa, GUroy.
Ilolilster. Tres Plr.o« 10 45*
4. 30p *an .lo»« and Way Stations t3 CO*
' tS-QOP Sautk Clsra. Sub Juse. Los Gates,
ana principal Way dtatlona (ex- ~ ■ -
cepi Sunday) ;.' r900*
I6J0p :an Jt/tr ami rrtaclpal Way Stations J940*
■ fc 45p t-!*rt Cxpret*.— Uedwood. £aa
Joic, G Uroy, Salinas, Paso Kobles.
&an Liil» l>i>lipo. ftanta Bnrl>«ra,
Lo* Arc-^«. !>ex.; = i. KI F»»a
rt.LcuN. Nt trCr'.ran". V'wTork 9 10«
6-45 P Pajaro. Watsoarllle. Ca pi tola,
ranta Crui. CaatrovUle, Del
ilonte. Pacific Gro»e 1030»
18-?5p - »•■ )l*teo.BercjforJ.Belsioat.Saa
tarioa. Kedwood. Txlr Oaks.
»I«n:orark. Palo Alto t6«S*
6 3"3p f»n Jwe and Way Stations. 8-34*
8 LCp Palo Alto and Way Statioas 10-15*'
j 11 .ilif Suatb Sanrraacisco. Mlllbrae. Bor-
"tfunt, Sia Slatco, Selniont.
feaa Carlos. Redvood. Fair Oaxa,
MeB!o Park, sad Palo Alt© tS45*>
! «11X0p M <> i • -I :. Moentata View. Sunny-
Ta)e. L«vreace, Saata Clara aad
8<n Jos« 13.45*
▲ fur AloroiB<. P for After boos. ~~"
1Buai«» excepted t 6aad«r ealy
<■ t.i tmd» j oaly. • Monday ozij-
ifeibB* a: »:: statioas ca 5ca J«/._
CALiFORNiA K08THWE5TERS 8Y. CO.;
Tibcrca 1'erry, Toot oS Market Str«ot.
SAIT F72AKC3SCO TO SA3T SA7AXL.
| WEJCK I>AT»-7::Jl>. 9:0O. ll:C« a. m-: 12:»X ,
S:3rt. 5:to. 6-.3O p. m. Th-j.-siaj» — Extra, tna
at !!:;<> p. m. *
' ?a:-jrua>»-ICx:r»* trtp at l:5O aad 11:30 p. ta.
1 SUNDAYS— ?:00. 3:.^0. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. S:3a
i v 5:CO. «':CO. 11:^0 p. m.
I sas a-irin to sas rsAsrcisco.
! L>AY3— 0:05. TuO. T:W. »:20»-,H:l4
a. ta.: l^:S0. 3:10. 3. CO. 5:2U p. m.
; Saturtiaya — Extr* trtp at 2:00 and A:3S p. m.
I bL'.SOAVJ — »:uy. 8;ie. ll:li a. m. ; l:*0. 3:»j.
4:C5. S:05. >t:^a p. si. ■,'•■■ v '.».-♦
Leav? { Ic Effect ) Arrtv*
San Frar. ! Oct. 2. !9^«. f San Traa.'
j Week I Sun- j I>e«t:na- ■ Su»- I W»e*
! ray«. '. il.iy*. j Hon. I days. I Day*.
! ?-30a U:10a- 9:40a.
{•:.':■■•»! IrruclO. 10:4O a 1 »:»> »
3-5rtp S:aOpJ «:C5p!S:2*>?
! 6:10 p 5:0up( 7:33 p|
I 7:30 al | a:10a| S:40*
U:nti Xovat^. 10:40 a 10:20*
' 3:30p{»:C»a Petaiurj* { 6.C*. p\ f :20 ■>
5:10 d 3:-T»p *nd !:Mp
| S :0O p Santa K ->=i. I I
7-3Oal t /I-. 4Oa ; 10:20 •»
|S:(»a! Palton. J 1:25 p. 0 .20 3
S-^OpI J .:«> pt _l (
- Wtnd5Hjr. ! ,
7:S0« 8:00* Healistwrr. 10;*0 aJlO^O *
Ljrtton. [
3:S0p 3:30 p '""GVyyerylll*. 7:33 pi «:20 >
.: . I Clove rJa>. | .
7:."^a| S:«"T>ai Hoplar.d 110: lf> n,l0:_-J »
»:3Op!3:30p! and UXlah. . I ?::« pj f.y> 3
j j AVll'lt* aad 1 I
7:30a|8:C0a! Sherwood. I 7:33 p( «:S0 a
7:XOal !»:COa[- - !10:V>allO:n»»
I J:?.Op! 3:30 pj Guerrevll'.". | 7:3tf «:g>9
I 7:3'>a! S:COa! .^or.oir.a. i :»:10a| V»0 »
i 5:T0p; 5:00 p| Glen EUea. f C:n5 pj g:^ i»
| 7:-t0al S:u/a! ilO^O allo:W v
I 3:30 pi 3:30 p| SebastcpcL I 7:33 p! « SO ?
[ — . — — — — --
STAGES cennect at Gre*n IJrae for Sa-»
Qvectln: at S&sta Rosa for Wblte Su!phur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lyttoa for
Lytton Springs: at GeyFervllla for Skats*
fct rings: »t Clovert5al» for th* Geysers. Boone-
ville and Oreenwocd; at U :.{'-tn5 for Duaraa
SLrlnss Ili^hlan'i frnn«-s, Kelseyvriie. Carl«-
bftd EsriEsjs. Soda Bay.. Lakeport. Bartlett
! bt.rlr,g» and l^fee County Hot tprtn**. a:
Vkiih fpr Vliliy Spr!^«rs. Saratoga Striae*.
Blue LaRes. I-auref I»e1l I^ake. Wlnef Spri~f ,.
Uppe r Lake. Pcmo. Potter Valtey. John Day-*.
Riverside. L4«rl3r*s. .Bueknell'*. Sanhedria
He'.ght'. HoUville. Orr's Hot Spriscs^Haifway
House Coniptch*. Hopkins. Mendoclno City.
Fort BraR?. Westport asd Usal; at Wll!it» for
I Fcrt Braj?e. Heant an>l Sawyer*: at Sherwao«j
for CahtJ. Covelo. Laytonvii:*. Cumalats.
1 B*ns Sprln*». Harris. Huafcard. FruitJajjd.
| Dyer. Garberville. Casi? S. Pepperwood^. ScotU
i nr.d Eureka. '""
I Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
1 duced rates. . ■
1 On Sunday — Ronn<:-:rip tickets to .all poiats
; txvord San Rafael at t".V»f rate*.
i Tiukct office. C:u Market street. Chroalel*
bU JAS nK L FRAZZCR. R- RTA.V.
, Pen. Manager. Q*n. raas Agt.
MT. TAMALPAjSJfoHrW^
TtTSaa fnxa*ci~~t L at. Ssa Fiaaeue*
I 77 8:35a fcaSgga&iBf l:^«? »1O:5Oa
9:30a 9:5Ox\\^^-if%^ 2:^ p 3:53y
i:"i'5p I'- 4 *? 6:22? ""flTg'^
. S»art*T» 4:35p ' fcarUt* 11:1?*-
•Tu Srmnty Car . V It. Tiaalpiii to Mill Ttfliy
riCUf i630MARKBT.ST^(Nort!i Shore Railroed)
ei?ICS i and Sausalito Fkzjiv. Foot Market 3*.
Wilf Gall ."SllwYfr
1112
JOHN' D. SPKECKELS . . : . rrojwtetor
A2Cr<>t» Communications Xu
JOityrMcXAUG i IT -^ — . • ~.3fcmagcr
\V. J. MARTI X K usl n^ss^ ?lil n _ a "-*-
TELEPHONE. %
A*k fcr THE CALL. Th- Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You \\ Un.
Publication Office Market ar.d Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 73 J
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 5 °>*;-..,.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Ord«-r> : „ „
DAILY CALL rinclud. Sunday). 1 y* ar - • •** ™
DAILY rill, <!r.c!ud Sunday). C mos... 4.00
CAlLY-rjfLL— By Single Month ?c
FUNPAY CALL. 1 Year 2 -£J
VEEXLV CALL. 1 Year 1 °°
FQnriGV f Daily. . .$«.8O Per Year Extra
™,^ i Funday. 4.13 Per Year Extra
rOETAGE. J Weekly. 1.00 Per Ye.-.r Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Easple Ccpie* Will Be Forwarded 'When
Requested.
Mail tubscrlbers in crderinz change of ad-
«.-<•?* fhould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS*. In order to insure n
trczr.pt and correct compliance with their re-
HIM SI
OAKLAND OFFICE: v_
»C1« Broadway Telephone 'Mala 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: _
tlt& Otter Street Telephone North «•
WAfHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
•AMUFL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK-NEWS STANDS:
TTaldcrf- Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Cclon Equare; Murray Hill II otel;- Fifth-avenue
Hotel eufl UcOmen House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
6fcenran House; P. O. News Company: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNnSS, Marquette Building.
<Lctg Distance Telephone. "Central 2619. >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Builillng
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Sat Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets: open nn^si
12 o'clock every r.iEht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth: cpen until
t27 Monuromery etrect, corner Clay; open until
8:S0 p. ra.
COO Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
f->fi McAIIlrter rtreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
tZi Lsrkin street: cpen ur'il 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Visflon rtreet: open until 10 p. m.
IOC Eleventh etreet: cpen ur.til 9 p. m.
10S6 Valencia «re«t; open ur.til 9 p.m.
JCcrtr.esft corner Church and Duncan streets;
T<*n until 9 p. m.
t200 FiMmore street: ur.til 9 P- rn.
MEETUTO gQTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council of Kadosh £jtt3fB
No. 7. A. and A. S. R.. 663 Sut- ,g| p.
ter B-treet — Called meetlr.p THIS
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING ;:t ISJfcZSZSlJ
fc o'clock. 30th degree. Visit- fp^Sln"!*
ing brethren cordially Invited. JBiL.
<THAS. JELLINEK. Recorder. &»l
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2, R. and to
P. M.. will m*et THIS (WEDN'ES- VSf
DAY) EVENING. December 7. at 8 /VN
o'clock, fcr busings, degrees, election
and installation of officers.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Recorder.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge N>. 44. F. and rr
A. M.— Annual stated meeting THIS *V\f
< WEDNESDAY) KVENING at 7 JO /V\
o'clock. Election of officers.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodce No. i:». F. and A. J»
M.— Annual stated meeting and elec- VV
tlon of officer* THIS (WEDNESDAY) /V\
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. 1 «
M. — Officers ar.d members are re-**fVf
quested to nttend the funeral of /\r\
PETER I. BEATON, WEDNESDAY
at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the Mission Masonic
Temple. 2CCS Mission st. Master Masons,
relatives and friends are respectfully invited.
HENRY E. PEXSELL, W. M.
A. S. HUBBARD. SecfHary.
EXCELFIOR Lcdfffc No. 106. F. and A. »
M. — Annual stated meeting and elec- VV
tion of officer* THIS 'THURSDAY) -^-A
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock.
H J. OWEN. Secretary.
FA RNS WORTH Lodge No. H5. I. Htfr^ZT"
O O F. — Iritiarirn THIS f&Q&fe-
r WEDNESDAY) EVENING, l>*- "Zg3&£:£&
«*ember 7. 8 o'clock Fharp. Wei- '^»«SS»^
come Kail. A!so election of officers.
J. C. NEWTON. N. G.
G. A. Bt'RMAN, fl. B.
MORSE l>dre~No. 257. I. O. O. I^^ZT
F -Electl n of ..ffi^-rs and
CTr-endm^nt to by-laws THIS
( WEDNESDAY) EVENING. I>e- 'ttTXl^
«mber 7. Visitors cordially Invited.
GEO. F. McMANUS, N. G.
C BRIN'D, Rec. Sec.
ODTN* IrxlRe No. 333. I. O. O. F — .,*—,,
Ir.iUation TO-NIGHT (in Swed-^Sfel^t
lFh). 4 candidates, and election of :^&QSS?2i«g
of officers. Victors cordially In- '^rtRW's* 5 '
vited. GEORGE G. MOREN. N. Q.
PWAN CHTTRAUS. Secretary.
NATIONAL Union. <"^ ; ;frr- ij~~^ ■. i
ria Council, ni»rt»! TO-
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall, /^T ** :C * a *Q
Fourth Ft., at 8 o'clock.
Visiting friends cordially invited: Initiation.
By O'ner C. BEN DEL. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Sectary.
CEOGRAPHICAL Society of the Pacific—
Stated meeting of this cociety will be held
THURSDAY. Sth Irst.. in the Library. 419
California it., at 3 p. m., for routine busi-
ness. I3v order
GEORGE DAVIDSON. Tresiaert.
J. PARTRIDGE. Secretary.
CHEAPKST and be5t In America— The Weekly
Call. 1« pages, rent to any address In the
fpltyfl Pt»te> or Canada one rear for <1.
ATTOBgEYS-AT.LAW.
A FRAUDULENT dlvorc* 1» dear at $12 and
is ro coed; fcr 22 years I've made divorces
• <pecialty; quick; <rulet; no money needed:
r.o pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
rr.ade. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING. Atteraey-at-law, Exam. bldg..
f:th floor; entrance room €11; established 2fl
years: ail courts, general court and offlce
practice; no fees In advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. TeL Red 3601.
A>— Divorce; cctt% $12; qutck,qu!et;advlce free;
a!l law business: no charge unless succest-
lul; cpen evening*. 027 Market ft., room 301.
CONSULTATION free, private, confidential;
traslnee: legally, promptly and energetically
transacted. W. Matthews. 632 Market, room 23.
ADVICE free; divorce covts J12: no fees or
(tff In advance: all law business: offlce
cprn Saturday evenlrjm. 819 Market st.. r. 33.
JOHN GUJDERY, t-ttorney-at-law. room* 3
and 4. 240 Montgomery et.; phone Red €617.
L. E. CLARK. 027 Market, room 501: consulta-
t'.cn free: no fees is advance; open e\*enlng*.
ADOPTION.
A PRETTY blonde baby girl for adoption.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth bl. Alarneda.
AUTOMOBILES.
CADILLAC Automobile, 1901. for sale, $600.
Addrers box 1135 CaU office.
ASTHMA CUKE. -
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
I0c. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market. St.x Nicholas;
al«o Wfthart. ICth and Washington. Oakland.
hoarding ros CHiLDasy.
WANTED — Children to board; best of refer-
enecs; music. 408 Clement St.. Richmond Dirt.
MOULD like to board and room a child; also
room for parent. 118 Page st.
WANTED— email* child to board In private
family; best of care.- 861 '^Greenwich st.
BAD tenants ejected for 34; collections made:
c:ty or countrv. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Monl^onsery *t.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5SS0.
CBSBX7 CXiOTKXEZ&S.
C. X. ADAMS CO.. 31!> Mason st.— oiothlng
fcr everybody irom hat to shoes: you can get
whnt you want from us and have It charged.
CI.OTHIKG BEnO7ATD?Q.
SUITS cleaned' £tid pressed, $1; scouria;? and
iyelng. Bcr. March*.- Examiner bids-., r. 410-
pbene Druesm U. Call lor and deliver free."
BUSINESS CHANCES;
A— $100; CHICKEN ranch In Sonoma County;
'tors*-, \v!u;un, cow; rent $7 |>er month; tools
and . luriiitur-". Call It. G. WILKE. 2U!i
Kearr.y at. '
$S.V — COU.NtU saloon en Fourth St.. rent $'J.1
dally rc;;:j-l» about $1.1; good business; •jvvn-
cr must sacrifice, as In- has to leave the city.
li. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
$750 — HALF Interest !n manufacturing busi-
ness; estb. 10 yeats; partner can clear ?l.">0
easily: investigate; tar? chance. See 11. O.
WILKE. ie^i Kearny st.
PRICK illOC — Wood. coal, hay and grain yard;
a lcr.K-«tablishfd bu««iness: 2 horses and 3
wafcens; rent only $"."•; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 2«'^ Kearuy st.l
A^$2S*00;~COHNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia tt.; lease; eld established and good
rayir.K business; investigate; a rare chance.
Se« It. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A— $5&U; DRA2CCX1 bakery and delicatessen
store with 3 nicely furnished rooms; rent
$15; "a sood paying business. Jsee R. G.
WILKE. 2tt»* Kearny st.
A— $1200; KOAUHOUSE, living rooms; rent
\ $15; no opposition; very beat location: about
S mile* from city. See R. G. WILKE. 2«V4
Kearny tt. t ■__
A— $t00; KOADHOUSE: 5 years' lease; rent
520- best location on Colma road. See R. G.
WILKK, 2tiVa Kearny st.
A— $£J>00- HARDWARE sto^-e. corner; ranges,
household supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lease; location the very best:
value In sight; owner to retire to private
life; a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
£614 KeArny st.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 21 furnished
rooms; 2 blocks south of CaU building; rent
$71; kept by present owner 10 years; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 20 Kj Kearny.
A — $3250; HALF Interest In manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
first-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with invoice; the price a rare and
good ofler. Call on R. G. WILKE, 26W
Kearry tt. - ':':■•
A— 52200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
in Stockton: rent $53: the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars.- R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $900; BAICKRY, with 3 living rooms and
kitchen: rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $1« per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 26 H Kearny st.
A — $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagons: net rent $34;
place established years; very beat loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R- G.
WILKK. 2t>^ Kearny tt.
A— $»C0; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk st.; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $S00; CORNER ealoon in wholesale dls-
trlct; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busl-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26*6 Kearny st.
A— J2C00: CORNER saloon, with lease. In
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G.' WILKE. 2C*s Kearny Bt.
A— $4000; CIGAR stand on Market st.. vicin-
ity Powell st.: 2% years' lease; must be
sold at once: owner to leave city for the
East. See.B^G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R. O. W r ILKE. 26% Kearny nt.
A— $5,100; SALOON: about 1 block from Phelan
building; act rent $125; lease; stock will In-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny »t.
A— $2CCT: COFFEE saloon and restaurant: 1
Mock from Examiner building: place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per -day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $9C0; CORNER saloon, with cipar ntand,
on Fourth st.; living rooms: rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A— $15C0; OLD-ESTABLISHED commission
store, dairy produce, etc.; must be sold at
ence en account of death; very rare chance,
as buelness Is known for 28 years as a good
reliable house. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar: few blocks
south of Market . st. ; net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
in eight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-claes paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busl-
tieee. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 ntc* living rooms; rent $25:
oaily receipts about $20: best location north
of Market. CaU R. G. WILKE. 26% Kcarny.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
tt.: rent $C0; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800: a well established and
flrct-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny et. -
A— $7000; BAKERY; one of the best la this
city; monthly sales $6000; 12 horses. 5 wag-
ons; location . the very, best; not all cash
necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $350; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
ctore; 5 rooms: rent $25: best location Va-
lencia st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
r. A, BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT,
817 Market st.', bet. Fifth and Sixth.
PARTNER for old-estab. express and transfer
business; horses, wagons, harness, everything
complete; party must be able to attend office;
will guarantee' $7."> monthly; $500 cash re-
quired. Full particulars with BROOKBANK.
GROCERY and. bar; Al location; fine fixtures:
good etock; receipts $25 to $30; cash register;
two big rooms; rent $35; price $1500. See
mtOOKBANK.
WF. have a client who wishes to associate him-
self with a sober, industrious man who can
Invest $350 and services; he will give interest
In business clearing $200 monthly; refer-
ences exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
Ecriptlon do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for- Just what you want to sell.
J W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market et.,
Roems 41S-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 093 Market.
Bargains! Bargains! Snaps'. Snaps!
$2200— Lodging-house; 20 rms.; money-maker.
$500— Lodging-house; 14 rooms; a snap.
51C00 — Saloon on Clay 6t. ; good stock.
$1200— Bakery. Icecream, coffee par. ;country.
*4r»0— Delicacy store; Ellis st.; a bargain.
1000 other bargains; call us;tel. Folsom 3022.
$5CC — CIGAR store ~ for sale; good location;
fine fixtures: National cash register; re-
ceipts $15 daily; rent $40.-* Full value in
stock; owner leaving city; buyers be prompt
to secure this exceptional bargain.
A. STEXBERO, 759 Market st.
$1000 — CIGAR store; Market St.; bargain.
S2000 — Custom shoe store.
*2OO0 — Grocery and bar; big trade.
$1200^ — Gents' furnishing goods; country.
STANDARD INVESTMENT CO.. 131 Montg.
WANTED — A few gentlemen to Join present
member.* of a firm engaged In the conduct
of gents' furnishing and tailoring establish-
ment; object being to extend business which
is paying well. Box 3789. CaU offlce.
$1000— FIRST-CLASS country barber shop fot
sale; an Al opportunity for • an Al shaver;
others let-alone; 2 weeks' trial. For par-
ticulars address box 1032. Call.
COMMISSION store, with fixtures, scales,
trucks, etc.. . for sale; with- 3 years' lease;
price very reasonable. Apply at 320 Davis
tt.. near Washington: a. good large place.
FOR Fale — Stock, fixtures and lease of a flrst-
class. strictly up-to-date millinery store in
excellent location. For particulars apply
HOLM A NATHAN. C12 Market st.
GOOD, reliable man with a few hundred dol-
lars can buy half interest In old established
J business. P. :C. LASSEN & CO., 466 Tenth
St.. Oakland.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities: loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Ellicott square
Buffalo, j .
$200 WITH services secures .to i reliable,
steady man permanent place that pays $85
monthly the year around; -light, pleasant
work. Call 1027% Market et.. room 2.
I FOR eale . cheap — Carpenter's Jobbing shop.
with machines and . power complete- down-
town location; cheap rent. Box 1231, Call.
$1850— DELICATESSEN "store for sale; large
stock; new fixtures: clears $150 per month
Address box 1590. CaU : of flee. -
FOR sale— Butcher shop in live country town.
Apply to JOSEPH WILSON JR., 823 Georgia
et.. Vallejo. Cal. ■
A SUPERIOR ' bakery, delicacy, variety; pays
well; no comp,: Illness; rent $10. 2236 Polk.
CIGAR stand: good corner location; must sell
this' week; cheap. ':. 328 Fourth st.
YOUNG man 'with some' ca*h* for good busl-'
ness : Vill - make $300 mo. Box 1633, . Call.
FIRST-CLASS saloon. for sale; no agents. 222
McAllister, st. ■'. - ;. , - .
._ ~ --..■■ - i
BUSHEL* ■hon .for, aale.-* COO! California at. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU:, WEDNESDAYr DECEMBER 7,. 1904.
BTJSIHXSa CHANCES— Contlntxed.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phons Scuth 1050.
:i Eddy st.. ccr. Jitrket and Powell:-
Ileaduuait-id Xor all kinds oZ business chances.
For sale— Several sood business propositions
for Investors, such as cigar stores, groceries
and bars, bakeries, furaiEhlr.R g<»ods. ■ mer-
chandise, county hotels. restaurants ami
many other i>r!>pos!tions too numerous to
mention; would bo pleased t<> have you call
and Inject our list. CAMERON & CO., J
Eddy st.
Fcr «2le— First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, chenp rent,
fixtures and store up-to-date, established K
y»-nrs; nne new stock of goods: has never
changed hands; now; clearing S:!50 and over
per month: best reason for selllns;' an op-
portunity of a lifetime; see CAMERON & <-O.
For sale— Well-furnished and equipped -coun-
try hotel; 50 rooms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly painted and- renovated through-
out; about 60 miles from S. F.; tine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
Fcr sale — One of the best hay. srraln. feed,
wood and coal yards, S. F. ; cheap rent;
hcrscs and wagons, well equipped; present
owner retiring from retail business; guaran-
teed to clear about $000 per month: I>ook3
open for Inspection. CAMERON & CO.
Exchange* made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM-
ERON ii CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For eale — Well located cyclery: rent^$125; 3-
year lease; sell, rent and repair all kinds of
bicycles; carries full supplies; agency best
wheel on market; dees business of $1500 to
fV'OOO per month; goods at invoice. CAM-
ERON & CO.
First-clars, paloon downtown: 2 blocks
from Market St.: rent $75; well fitted up;
receipts $18 to $25 per day; must be sold
on account of other business; price $1600.
CAMERON & CO.
STEADY man wanted as partner in cash
business to do plain light work; sure profit
of 575 to each per month; capital required,
$175. C32 Market st., room 6.
GOOD meat market fcr sale; experience not
necessary. Box 1115,^gall offlce.
SPLENDID corner grocery and liquor store at
invoice; best location. 1609 Post st.
SALOON for Fale. cheap; good location; 838
Broadway; established 20 years. -i .■;•■■»■:
SALOON for sale at S25 Montgomery St.; must
be sold on account of sickness. ' ': -_>
FOR 6ale — A small grocery and bar. Apply at
1893 Fifteenth st.. cor of Dolores.
AN old-established butcher shop for sale In
Western Addition. Box 13U5, Call offlce.
FOR sale — Saloon and 15 furnished rooms,
with 3 years' lease. 210 and 212 East st.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, tor sal*. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call offlce. . - •■ ■ '.
A WEEK'S news for Scents — Th« Weekly Call.
16 r-age*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CAKFET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal >■
carpets and rugs also cleaned !jy compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F._ Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.;
phor.es Main 152 and Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing wcrks, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40..
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO:: chone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carrwt cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Eutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH &. CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
MARION GRIFFIN. -. ;
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market ets. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
ULTRA - FASH- HIGH - CLASS
IONABLE prl- apartment
vete hotel that house,
clears $-05 rno. — 60 rooms —
A new build- — $30CK) —
Ing, beautifully House partly
furnished in furnished with
mahogany and extra fine fur-
velvet carpets. nlshings. Rent
All new six $5 per room; 5-
months ago. year lease. , . A
Price cultured lady or
—$4500— g e n t 1 e m an
Will exchange. - should make the
for an apart- house clear
ment house. monthly $300
EXCLUSIVELY PRICE ...$3000
WITH — WITH
MARION MARION
GHIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
MAKE us an of- GREAT GUNS'
fer before Dec. "* Only $400 -. for
«th. 10-room NE.
— 46 rooms — corner house,
nr. Hyde and north of Mar-
Sutter. Reduced ket. Rent $30
to $3000. Rent If you are a
$150. Clears sober, lndustrl-
$175, guaran- ous person we
teed. It's a big will lend you
opening for . % of purchase
some one, as price. Always
owner is deter- remember that
mined to visit;.'.-; we guarantee
Alaska, the title.
WITH WITH
MARION * MARION
GRIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
$300 DOWN ana ' 100 RENT for
$700 in llttl. ... -- *° rooms, north
payments takes ot Market; 3
a nice, quiet rooms rented
15-rbom house, permanently at
near Ellis and * 40 : P rtc « $*C00;
Van Ness ave. ; owner states
cause, sickness; that the month-
protit monthly ly profit Is $200.
»«5 , ; with
with marion
MAKION GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN. " -
■ NORTH of Mar-
H^Sf^at 23 ket ro b o1ns? ni flrst
profit $70; rent —ii on-
only $00. . lft ~t, h& °—
—ALSO rooms; snap.
80 rooms, $1SOO; R^nf^MO. 1 * 00^*
1-3 down; profit. , 5 * 0 nt |30; Droflt
$00; rent only $55. * "' ATRrv _
—ALSO— _T^ ALSO ~
IS rooms. $800. all -^Prtj°°£%ZL.
cash; pront $90; Prlc A e T o^ 150^"
rent only 548. ~ AL ~?~
rooms—
39 rooms. $1800, ~r? r L Ce * 5 i£r
% down; profit -Income
$140; rent only TJ iL>s(y ~
juo — 33 rooms —
'—ALSO— —Price $2000—
12 rooms, $400, all *"* d ??.'L_ t ': om
cash;, profit $47: ■ Prnfltiiii" • »•. '■
rent only $30. f ro , fl J ? m month-
—ALSO— ly:. 'It- Is eminently
42 rooms. $3000. wTTH PeCtable ~
V* down; profit MAmnw
$!£ rent only •
WITH —
MARION '- . *.....
GRIFFIN^ WE-~w7u"-«l,
-. to any business
man or woman
LARGE hous.. fng'^use^r
larger profit, $3000 cash and
largest bargain; . $2000 on time
85 large rooms; it is brand new
, profit over $300. building- with
Price only $0000. modern convent-
Rent only $375. ences. • Profit
Every room. ha!l $250 monthly
and stairway Books maybe
expensively fur- e x a m I n"e d .
niahed. Lease * House is well
for four years. arranged; most-
. It s one of the ly B lngle rooms
V honest houses. for business
EXCLUSIVELY men. See m?
WITH — acent - - •• -
MARION MARION
GRIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
The agent who whispers down the weU '
About the house > he • wants to ' sell. -
Will never, reap the " golden dollars '
Like Marlon Griffin, who climbs and hollars.
— — MITCHELL & CO- — — -^- '-
120G MARKET ST. . PHONE JESSIE 2981.
Rooming, and apartment houses,- hotels, ' flats.
Sold to suit purchasers.' Titles guaranteed.
•AUTOMOBILE AT:YOUR SERVICE."
12 rooms. R.\ $45; good house ".-.'..;: ...-..$650
11 rooms,, It. $40;Al house .......... ..$725
1 rooms, R,. $27 50; corner flat V.: $200 i
rOK'SAIiE— Con.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1C00.
'•i Eddy »t., cor. Market jrml Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
AU Kinds Business Chances.
!. You can't ■ beat this beautifully furnished,
100-room. downtown house; carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
steam heat; In fact, everything modern and up
to date; long lease "cheap rent; owner leaving
city.
Look this up; here is a chance to get fine
little home, combined with business; you can
live rent free and "make some money besides;
this house of 9 rooms rent only $32 50; fine lo-
catftn on California 'st. ; well furnished; some
new carpets, newly painted and papered; every-
thing In fine condition- piano and sewing ma-
cblne^goes; price only $650.
Here Is 14 rooms; Van Ness; furnished In oak
and mahogany: good carpets; all full; clearing
nice little; salary every month; It Ms yours at
$600. . -
We have a 0-room flat, new, modern build-
ing, sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $.'5 50
per yard; beds cost $100 each; hair matresses
cobt $35 each; new S montns; actual cost to
lurnlsh, $3000; must go East and will take
$2700; half cash,. balance 0 per cent per annum;
evcrythine ready to step, right into an elegant
home.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $65; must dispose
next 10 days; make offer.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
leasa with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny «t.; has ISO rooms and pays $500
to $C00 per month; always full; best class pf
people; a bargain can bo had if taken at once.
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6-room
flat; Sloane fitted It up 6 months ago and cost
considerable over $900- think of the rent, only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap; $400.
Here is the coziest and most complete house I
of 60 rooms, superbly furnished with everything '
that good taste and Judgment could sufgest; i
combined with an elegant, new, modern build-
ing; 'every room occupied and clearing a fine
profit, and sickness is the only cause for dis-
posal.
.Golden opportunity to get nice 7-room flat;
rent only $40; water, garbage and Janitor ser-
vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; carpets
body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $800; now $450;
obliged to leave city.
This speaks for Itself: 15 rooms, furnished In
oak; new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings In profit of $75 per
month; sickness compels sale.
First-class investment where you can earn
$24C0 per year on expenditure of $45CO in 46-
rocm house; rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter st.'; always full; best of oak
furniture, good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter St.; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on Post st.; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout; brings ir j
nice Income; furniture in oak. birdseye maple;
velvet and Axminster carpets; cost 51800 li
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city:
big bargain; $1200. V
1 Big r snap;, 31-room apartment-house; reht
only. $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month: will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $950.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had fcr less than half cost to furnish; must be
sold; either account of sickness or departure.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or. trado always on hand.
' ■-■ A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy St.
FOR' eale^ — Rooming-house; 10 rooms: estab-
lished; good location; paying well. 514 Eddy.
A BARGAIN — A 9-room rooming houso for
sale. Inquire at 860 Mission st.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened ' at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. .
. ; LODGING-HOUSES "WANTED.
WANTED-- To buy a respectable lodging house
' (not transient), about 30 rooms. Address box
470S. Call office.' ,
jvjfo CIAIBVOTAWTS^^
RICHARD MAYO ™
The Man With Psychic Power.
The greatest living adviser on the continent.
There is no trouble. < doubt or ambition, no
hope or wish 1 but what can be realized by
his help and advice; he Is entirely original
in his methods: different from all others; a
vlstt will bring sure help 1 and will satisfy
• you and bring success and happiness to the
seekers of truth and advice.
Complete clairvoyant reading this week $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accented.
421 A Ellis St.; private flat; hours 10 a. m.
to 8 d. m.
LIVINGSTONE, -
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING, CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARIX)RS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 26% KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION ~ "
MRS." DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium . and clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated: tell your entire, life, past, present and
future; satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
nnd business medium. Is located at 17 Third
• Bt., near Market. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present nnd future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs In life; as a proof of her psychic
power she will tell ■ you what you called for
FREE of charge; $5 reading this week $1;
satisfaction guaranteed. - ' '
MME. LANGE,_lhe only one , who can help you
. In . your greatest troubles; genuine gypsy
sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader;
convince yourself of her skill; 25c and up;
chows thft picture of future husband or wife.
, SS Turk st.. near Taylor; hours, -from 10 to
8. and Sundays. ' \
RETURNED— '• "■ ■
' A— Miss M. Wllll. 330 Ellis st.. clairvoyant,
crystal «eer and life reader, will tell you ex-
actly what you called for without asking a
que3tlop; names given; special, $1; hours,
10 to S. ....('.
ISMAR, Egyptian ' seeress, The.Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. C to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sUrht: tells past,
present, future; 1. BOc; g. by Sards $1; palm-
lstry full life read, $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MME. KRONENBERQ. pa?mlst. clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me: rjad-
lngg 25?. 321 O'Farrell St.; tel. Red Cr»37.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm/;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc. ; L. 50c;
O. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: sittings dally. 108 Cth st.;rooms 1-2.
MME. REKA. New York's most famous palm-
Irt and clairvoyant: readings at 320 Eddy.st.
MRS. T BAUMANN. \he well-known f ortune-
teller. Is now af 317 Ellis st.
;;^ ; ;- _^ .'. S ?™^H^???? : ':. J^.'-..-.-.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 120C Market, r. 14." Gait House.
PROF. FRED EVANS noted slate- writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phona Scott 837.
DENTISTS.
A 1 NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break; i
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; flllingrs,50c;
plates. - $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 2i Sixth.
PR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
'i — No ■ charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates, made ; over like new; teeth
from $8 per . set ; extracting, . 60c ; gas . given.
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny.cor.'Bush—
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllUngs.25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; "'silver 33c; crowns, $2; no
pain;open Sundays. • Dr. A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CH1SHOLM, surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. , 806 Market. 1 cor. O'Farrell.
DR. . R. L. •; WALSH has moved from : Geary st.
.to corner; Sutter St. ; and Grant ove.'
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly.
, Call., 16 pages.: sent: to; any address In -the
' United -States: or Canadaone year/ for, $1. '.
p^ESSMAKEBS^AND SEA3VISTBESSES.
MCDOWELL" Dressmaking & Millinery School—
..,- Patterns cut to measure: eve.' : class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst 'and knife pleating. - Stew-
; art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.'
A— THE Lyceum, an a ccredited "preparatory
school for university, law and r.iedical col-
leges; reft. President Jordan or any Stanfo-d
. professor; day, evening geislona. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business CoN
lege. has returned: bookkeeping., penmanship,
ehorthand. typing; J5 month: life scholarship
tSO; positions secured; day, eve. - 72a Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
;.-,'. institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
- Send for catalogue; Native Sons' bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering 24
Post St.. S. F. : civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. SeDd for prospectus.
— , __
A SUCCESSFUL college: new. large rooms:
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tlona. E. B. Business College. 733 Mission.
ENGINEERING— Civil, eric., mln.. mech., sur-
.vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fultcn. nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post at.
Established lb*33; largest In the* West: an-
nual enrollment 1000: send for circulars.
! 471essonspitman shorthand and hold any position;
guar. ;60 court reporting;"slngle-page method"
bookkeeping. Western Bus. Col.. 12S1 Market.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
' " meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 o. m., 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 60S Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. ' R. H. Webster, Pres.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert, 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and" piano, $3 per raontn;
vocal lessens $1. S2S Halght st.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght:
Individual instruct.: all branches; day. ev».
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posl-
- tlons, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.'
ADULT and . Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
■ man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cai.
SHORTHAND taught thor"ly by mall and per- \
eonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PART:NOTON'S, 424 Pine St.— Night class.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De FUlppe'sAcadensy
of lar.guages.101S Post: est.lS71:ablest profs.
_ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlcs
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
■ S. IMURA,. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231..
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.: tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton:
beet help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
:flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1937. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPJTiOTMElTT WAgTED— FEMALE.
A— WAITRESS, experienced, want position;
hotel or restaurant. 324 Mason 6t. ; phone
Black 2396.
HOUSEKEEPER wishes position, rooming or
private house; experienced; good references;
small salary. COS^ Jessie St.. near Sixth.
YOUNG woman wishes situation In American
family for . general housework. CaU 1923A
s/FUImore st.
: YOUNG married couple desire room and board
where wife- can wait at table, or do ' plain
cooking jn^exchange. Box 1617, 1008 Market.
A"~ FIRST-CLASS child's nuree, best refer-
ences. wants position. 324 Mason at.; phone
Black 2300.
NEAT, refined German girl wishes a position;
second work or children. Box 1193. Call.
FIRST-CLASS American woman, put of means,
wants to ko in good steady home; wash
dishes or other light 'work; is a good plain
cook; carfare. $2 GO week. Address 106 V4
Third St.. room 25. first flight.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, stranger In
city, competent, reliable, rapid and accurate,
desiyes position; 5 years' experience; best of
refs. Address MISS E. H.. P. O. box 318,
Oakland. \
A STRONG young woman to go out by the
■ day; Is a good washer and lroner, or will
do housecleaning; $1 50 and carfare. CaU
1173 Howard st.
LADY stenographer, several years' experience,
wants permanent position, wholesale house;
understands billing and general office work.
Box 1541. Call.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements, con-
finements or invalids; careful, cheerful,
painstaking; references. MRS. KING, 1159
Turk et. I
JAPANESE • woman, can't speak English,
wants position general housework; Japanese
man wants position, housework or dlshwash-
tr. OGAMADA. 423 Stevenson st.
A YOUNG French girl wishes situation for
second wcrk»and waiting; best of references.
Addresa 1827 Vallejo st.
ELDERLY woman wishes a position as house-
keeper; light work. 136 Fifth st., between
Howard and Mission. /
. »
WOMAN wants to wash dishes or other light
work ; is a good plain ' cook. Address 106%
Third et.. room 25, first flight; carfare.
EXPERIENCED stenographer owning machine
desires position; salary moderate. Box 1690,
Call offlce. i
WANTED — Position as restaurant cashier; ex-
perienced; .references. _ Address box 1431,
CaU ofnee.
A COMPETENT and well-experienced stenog-
japher. typewriter and " general offlce as-
sistant desires position. Box 12C0, CaU.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like*'* more
engagements In families; $1 50 day, carfare.
Call or write MRS. DE BARR. 435 4th st.
A NEAT young woman wishes light housework
In a small private family. Address box
1O7f>. Call offlce. -.'= ■- ,>
A YOUNG refined colored lady would like a
position rs nurse girl; -wages $20 to $25.
Apply to 1000 Clay st. • :
COMPETENT woman wishes laundry -work or
cooking by the day. Apply 1503% Market
St., near Eleventh. ■ f
WANTED— Situation to wait on an Invalid
and do little, housework; will answer on
Tuesday. Box 1223. Call offlce.
BY a refined young lady; offlce. or store work
preferred: good penman and quick at figur-
ing. Call at 170 Elm ave.; phone Page JS33.
WANTED— Position as saleslady In millinery:
S ytars' experience. St. Kathryn Hotel,
room 253."
ENGLISH governess /late of Paris) wishes
employment : speaks good German. Box
1722, CaU offlce.
GIRL would like to run errands. Address 305
Kearny st. '
A WOMAN wants work by the day washing
or housecleaning. Call at 365 Minna et.
POSITION as housekeeper. Address MRS. A. E.
ALLEN. 570 Sycamore St.. Oakland. .:.. .
WOMAN wants work by the day. . 314 Third
• /.Ktree.t. ■..
WANTED— Position as seamstress. Box 1465.
Call otflce. -
LADY wishes position as cook. Box 1446. Call
olfica. MBtWSfeSbC
GOOD cook would like to get a place. Box
127S. Call offlce.
WANTED— Fine laundry work. Apply 631
Stevenson st.
A COLORED woman wishes children to caro
for at home. 127 Second st. .. ,
DRESSMAKING in families or hotel; all kinds
of work: quick sewer; $1 25 a day. .1325 Call.
YOUNG lady wants position as companion, to
elderly i lady. Apply 1367 Mason st. .
STENOGRAPHER deslrts position in any kind
of office. Box 1668. CaU. »
REFINED woman wishes position In doctor's
or dentist's office: best refs. Box 1621. Call
EMPXOYHCEarT WAaTTEP— MALE.
YOUNG married man, 27, good . penman, Al at
- figures, gocd "knowledge in mercantile lines,
would like position where hustler is needed.
■;'-' Box: 1120, Call. _
AN. experienced gardener, who thoroughly un-
derstands the propagating pt plants, orna-
mental bedding, greenhouse, fruit . and vege-
tables, wishes situation; refs. ■ Box 1309, Call.
YO UNO. experienced porter and packer wishes
position, any kind or place; choreman; house-
man; private or general work: willing work-
:.. er and' competent. Box 1117, Call. ■„' ;
MAX an J wife want a place to care for ranch;
. man ■ to attend to ? stable and . wife to - cook
;- and can* , for house. Box ; 1045, Call. -■
WORK dene up in flrst-class style, tiling for
' . mantels. . sinks, floors, -walls and vestibules;
; 'Box 1118, Call. . . . '
■' HOTEL : man," 1 , experienced, - popular, .-wants, po-
. ' sitlon ■ as . manager of . hotel • or • apartment-
house. Cox 11SS, CaU. ,.
SMPI.C'STgENT WANTED— -Male— Ccn.
YOUNG man/ 23, with 3 years* experience In
the hardware business, wishes position filling
or<Jer3 or selling gocd^; city or country; best
of references. Address Hardware, box USD.
Call office. »-,
A CAPABLE, and experienced married farmer
wishes a position as working foreman on
small stock, . fruit or grain ranch; tnoroush-
• ly . understands stock and ranch work In all
its branches; competent to take full charge;
can furnished tha best of references If neces-
sary. Address FARMER, box 1170. Call.
YOUNG man, honest and obliging, wishes work
of any kind between S to 10 a. m. and be-
tween 4:30 to 11:30 p. m. ; can furnish fine
references. ARTHUR MORSE, box 1515.
CaU offlce.
WANTED — By a man with considerable hospl- I
<al experience, invalid and traveling compan-
ion, a position in any of the above capacities;
flrst-class references If required. Address
box 1114. Call.
WANTED — Position on ranch by young man
22; good references; understands Incubators
and poultry raising; good home. Address J.
GORDON. 7C2 Cameron St.. East Oakland.
WANTED— By a German, position to milk
cows, tend horses or take care of place: ref.
Address GEORGE WOLLAP. Dominican Sls-
t»ra. Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sta.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants -position; 'un-
derstands gardening, pruning, etc.: handy
with carpenter tools and horses. Box 1185,
CaU offlce.
COLORED man wishes position as butler or
porter: useful man around gentleman's house:
has flrst-class refs. W. CH0<XATE, 15
Seventh st.. room 19.
BRIGHT, honest young man of 17 years wishes
to work In wholesale house, in stock or fll!
orders; one not afraid of work; best of ref-
erences. 1115 Steiner st.
LIBERAL reward given to anybody who can
find a steady Job for a flrst-class all around
JiSS 1 "^ 1 ," 11 » trlct >y »ober and reliable. Box
lv3S, Call.
YOUNG Dane, age 25. wishes position as book-
keepers assistant; 10 years' experience in
Denmark; speaks English and German; $10
week. Box 1611, Call otflce.
PAINTER and tlnUr. must have employment;
highest class of work and strictly business:
"Promptness and neatness" my motto. Box
1721. Call. V
YOUNG man, flrst-class hostler, driver, good
handy man and gardener, wants situation.
.Box 1403. Call. ,
PRINTER (young man), good all around man.
steady and sober, wishes position. Box
1405. CaU.
A JOB as saw- flier, from a butcher -saw to a
• circular and band saw; good reference can
be given. Box 11S0. CaU office.
COACHMAN Job wanted by a young sober,
steady man; can milk; best of references.
Box 1181. CaU offlce.
EXPERIENCEDf sober and industrious man
wants position as ranch foreman. 144 Pre-
cita live., city.
COMPETENT, reliable attendant wishes per-
manent N position with invalid or mental pa-
tlent: references. Box 1227, CaU offlce.
GARDENER, competent (single German) ref-
erences, wishes situation. Address box' 1634,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man, good references, desires a situa-
tion in grocery or other work. Address box
1274. Call offlce.
A NO. 1 bread baker. Just arrived from the
East, wishes Job; city or country. Address
Baker. 81 Third St. r".
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady work even,
ings. Saturdays and Sundays; state wages.
Box 1262. CaU.
YOUNG man wants position as driver or work
in store; good references. 12S6 Eddy st.
A MAN wishes a position around a gentleman's
place; care of horses and garden. Address
J. H.. 258^ Tehama st.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work of
any kind; can drive and care for horse. Box
1323. CaU offlce.
NICE boy wants any work In downtown out-
room: meal; Japanese. GEORGE, 715 Sac-
ramento St., phone Black 1871.
GARDENER: well experienced, thoroughly, re-
liable, wishes position; good references. L.
G. r box 1175. CaU offlce.
PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter: has tools.
Address Painter. 1620 Eddy st. Phone West
23S3. . - '- • f ■ • -
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building.
* wants work. Box 14C0. Call.
BRIGHT young man wishes position as travel-
ing agent. W r . H., 137 Third st.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
1073. Call. ". -..IM-
POSITION wanted ■ by a painter. Box 1053.
Call offlce.
CHINESE, flrst-class cook, best of references.
wishes position: city or country. HI FONG.
S211J Washington st., city.
COMPETENT Chines*, young man, wishes po-
sition to do general honsework. 811A Sacra-
mento St.
JAPANESE* good boy, gentle and honest,
wishes position as a schoolboy or housework-
er; speaks English well; wages. $2 week.
Address LANOI. 1431 Bush St.. city. ;.
JAPANESE high school student wants a posi-
tion as schoolboy In small, good family;
plain cooking and waiting understood. K.
FUJI, box 11S7. CaU. -
RELIABLE Japanese boy who understands
English, wishes position to do general house-
work and cooking in a small family in the
city. Address I. SAWAI. 315^ Stockton st.
JAPANESE college student wants home; good
cook: references; $2 50 weekly. Address SU-
GIURA, 1S43 Webster St.; phone Jackson
3341 after 4. .
A JAPANESE very honest boy wants position
at housework or In store, city or country;
$K a week. 600 Valencia St.; tel. Church
1215.
A RELIABLE Japanese boy, who understands
English, wishes position to do generat" house-
work and cooking in a small family in the
city. Address I. SAWAI, 315"»4 Stockton st.
HONEST young Japanes? boy wants situation
as schoolboy; speaks English. M. S., 431
Stevenson st.. S. F.
JAPANESE experienced cook wants position in
private family. 1544 Polk St.; tel. Larkln
'- 3SC2- ■■"*•-■•
JAPANESE, good cook, wants a position in
small family, city or country; has best ref-
erences. SAKU. 417 Jones st.
HONEST Japanese wishes position as school-
boy or housework or kitchen help. HARRY
KA1O, 528 Stevenson st.
A NICE young 'Japanese boy wishes to work
as scnoclboy in a small family. F. S.. 2237
Jackson st.
AN honest, strong Japanese boy wants a posi-
tion as houseworker in good family. S. ABE,
J. G. S., 725 Geary st.
JAPANESE, honest, good cook, wants position
In family, city or country; has good ref.; $7.
TAKA. »7 Jones St. ■ ■
JAPANESE would like work in family. H. B..
61 Minna st.
JAPANESE, young man,- wants to work morn-
ing and cven!rfg In a family. Box 1404, Call.
JAPANESE would like to work in family. H.
B., Cl Minna st. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tha Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.
ECZEMA CU1VC.
,$100 KHKK for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial treat-
ir.ent free. DR. BROWN. 04 Sixth st.
FINANCIAL.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
'Capital' paid in $4,600,000 00
Surplus I »40.»0l S« i
Elx per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Offlce— No. 14 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stock
sold- strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Writ* A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bids.
7UBKITUAE "WANTED.
"~~~^ ~~~ ABE LEVY. "
Salesroom. 115a Market st. TeL Jessl* 7SL
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 29 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on ' commission. L. H.
BURD. auc 1636 Market: phone Jessie T30.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. be-
. fore telllnc ycur furniture. Phone Red 44rt2.
FUBNITTJBE POB 3AI.S.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813
FOR sale—^Bedroom . set • In splendid condition.
Call 1725 Hyde st.
riiATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It wll! save you time anJ
trouble. Conies Furniture Co... Geary
St.. on the a^uare.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
«!rable vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists: service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the r?st." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market St.. opp. McAllister.
GOLDEN GATE. nr. Central' ave. — New sunny
flats, tinted, frtscced. 5 rooms, bath, $J0; 6
rooms, bath, attic, £i3; open daily.
TURK. 11C1. adjoining JefTerson Park— New.
elegant 9-room upper flat; every room flood-
ed with sunshine.
TURK. r.2l' 3 — S-room fiat with bath $18 mo ■
water free. Apply 524A Turk st.
A LOWER flat of 4 rooms, large hail. gas.
yard; rent $12. 1510 U Leaven worth st.
ALPINE. 49. bet.. Waller st. and Duboce av«.
and Derlsadero— Pretty 5- room sunny Cat.
711 CASTRO it., near Twentieth— Lower flat 3
rooms, bath; $21.
FLAT of 5 rooms, bath. gas. 30 Bluxome St..
near Fourth.
FLORIDA. 1188. nr. 24th — Modern, new upper
flat. 8 rooms; rent $22 CO.
HILL. C27 — Upper flat of 5 rooms and bath;
near Castro.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Ca'.I
on LYOX A HOAG, 118 Montgomery at.
MODERN sunny flat of S rooms and bath.
4124 Twenty-sixth st.. near Noa and Castro.
SMALL, coxy, new flat. S621 Twenty-flfth St..
near San Jose are.
2S10 PINE— Sunny upper flat of T rooms and
bath; rent reasonable; large sunny yard.
TENTH are.. 2S1. Richmond District — Upper
flat. 6 r.; will tint suit tenant; rent $27 5a
VALENCIA. 922— Upper flat. 4 large sunny
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
$12— UPPER flat, of 4 rooms, to let. 224 Har-
riet «t., near Harrison.
$23 — FLAT. 8 sunny rooms and bath; water
and ashman free. "24 Fell st.
$25 — NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath.
Northwest corner Noe and 24th sta.
FLATS FOB8ALE — PURITISHED. k
A — MODERN sunny upper flat. 7 large rooms;
completely fur. 1G weeks ago. 017 Joneg st.
SANCHEZ. 1211'— Furnished 4-room. sunny up-
per flat; going East: must sell: low rent.
FLAT of 4 furnished rooms for sale. 330 FUI-
morc st.. near Page.
FOR sale— An S-room furnished flat. Call b«-
twecn 8 and 2. 1160 Ellis tt.
flATS TO E3GT — rPBNISHED.
SUNNY flat— Six nicely furnished rooms:
adulta. 4.13 Fourteenth st.
.^^^555£J5£WTEX>— PEMALE.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK REGISTElT~RENT^
ING AND ADV. COMPANY.
612-613 Grant bldg.. cor. 7th-MTct. South 1O*.
Saleslady, exp. ladies' neckwear. $40 month.
Salesladies, exp. In crockery dept.. $40 to $S0.
Three salesladies, curio store, exp. In this
particular line not necessary, $30 to $40 mo.
Saleslady, exp. ribbons, handkrehfs.. $S wk.
Saleslady, notions In general. $C5 to $40 rr.o.
Good waitress, plain hotel, city, $13 and fd.
Waitress, city restaurant wcrk, $S week.
We have seme fine places for girls In gen-
eral housework. $30 month.
Nurse girls, city places. $15 month.
Special place, girl, general housework: no
washing, no boss; cook two meals; $20 mo.
and room.
Two chocolate dippers, permanent positions.
These are all guaranteed bona fide positions.
2 COOKS, city and country $30~$Hi
Cook, small hotel, city $;•/>
Butler $.ji»
Housework. 3 In family. Stockton *:;r>
Chambermaid and laundress .*2.">
Upstairs girl and nurse jji»
Janttress for hospital [$2t>
Waitress, country hotel, south Ju*r»
Chambermaid and waitress, country. .. .$2'>
Housework girl for Oakland ... $2.">
Housework, no washing. Man Island ....$::<>
3 restaurant waitresses |7, j«|
44 housework girls, city and emintrv $2t»
$25. $3l>. Apply to J. F. CROSETT '&, CO .
334 Sutter st.
A COOK for a large institution in clty.~$M>.
A girl for ecoktng and housework In Berke-
ley. $30. MISS PLUXKETT. 425 Sutter St..
near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r 12.
Woman cook, country, $*30.
A— WANTED— Girls to Team halrdreseW.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A tn Z
In 2 wk3; tuition" $5 to those enfrla? now; 3
petitions to fill Immediately: positions guar-
anteed at $10 wk. up; only recognized school
of its kind on coast: day and eve. classes.
233 Geary «t.. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season: both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to b« filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teactes halrdressfn*.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; . only
recognized college of its kind on coast- day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell «rt.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time, and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned: materials free; enclose eelf-ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co., No. W-12 Ninth St.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED— A good housework girl; no cookinc;
must come with good references; a clean*
capable, rellabla girl, with some knowledge
of table watting; a good hora« and good
wages Is offered to such a girl at 1080 Do-
lores St.. city, between 23d and 24th.
INVALID gentleman wishes lady companion to '
New York, by steamer, and Central Amer-
ica; all expenses and salary paid; sail Sat-
urday. Box 1043. Call rfflee.
WANTED — Girl for general honsework. plain
cooking; 2 in family; $23 per month. 008
East Twenty-flfth St., near Nineteenth »▼• .
Oakland.
WANTED— Experienced cashiers: must brtn<
references. Apply PRAGER3 DEPARTMENT
STORE. Market and Jones ets.
A. FINISHER wanted on fln» custom coata;
steady work; good pay. 533 Natoxr.a at.
GIRL for second work; swell family; $20:
chambermaid, $17 and fd. 14 3d St.. upstairs.
A YOUNG nurseglrl. $10. Apply 233 Third
ave., Richmond District.
GIRL to wait at table and to learn cooking;
small 'wages; good home. 1837 Union st.
STTOCOGRAPHETt: liberal experience; stat«
salary, etc. Bex 1122. Call.
NURSE for a sanitarium. 2344 Sutter st.
LADIES for steady home employment: $a and
$12 weekly. Emma SpreckeU btdz.. 027 Mar.
ket st.. room 613.
WANT a good cook and housekeeper; 3 In
family; wages $20. Box 11S3. CaU offlce.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday ; salary no object.
TUCKERS on ladies' wa!.«ts and children 7 *
wear. 633 Mission »t.. 3d floor.
OPERATORS on ladies' waists. 656 Mission
St.. 3d floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 650 Mis-
sion st.. 3d flocr.
OPERATORS on ladles' wash overskirta. 6T.8
Mission- «.. 3d floor.
I HXIJ* WAITTEP— XAU:.
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OrEM.
If you are a competent man. unemployed
er dissatisfied with your position, we can
place ywu. Investigate our plan of securing
positions In clerical, technical and mercantile
lines, paying fre-m $1CCO to $50U0 year. In-
terviews strictly confidential. Offices and
representatives in many cities. Commercial
Clearance -Company, suite 415-18 Starr Klnr
_bldg.. 117 Geary it. . *
MEX — The enry original Moter Barber College
teaches barber trade- In it weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new apDllacees.
Call or write for illustrated catalwru*.
Moler Barber College. ■ U4O Eacrartsento si.
Lately moved from Clay «t - -.
DRAUGHTSMAN wanted fcr gas engine irtnu.
facturinx company; competent of doing, ac-
curate work: need not be capable of design-
ing: give references: good i-oeitlnn for rtzht
tarty. Address 3 D. box 12t^. CaU.
WAXTED — Men to prepare- for railway mall!
internal revenue and custom-h&Ose poiiitiun*-
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Inst'l-
tute. Grant bl»1?.. IQOo Market; op«in «vgs.
TRY our raen'd shoes, union made: $1 and 51 50
pair: foot-form shoe*. $2 50: we pay express
■charges, n 3d~st., Exam, bid.; open till » p.m.g3TI.y VA-TET}— -MAT.'C— -Con tinned, j
A— MURRAY «k READY. CB4~63S Clay rt.
Phone Main &S48. • !
■>"8dir.£ Employment and Labor Agents.
W« gve ■ 1SO4 we hope to
•'O,CKX> men work In 1S0X. Increase 60,000.
BRI1X1E CARPENTERS.
bridge cajrpcBters for sawmill csx, lr>:.g
• b. country $&>.
y / MISCELLANBOCTS.
riaa and 'wife, ssiaU razch, $35 and found.
■»'«■« and orderly, institution, near c!ty,
■:'j sod found.
.: r-.iUi.ers, near city. $20 and found; dairy-
"■m and make batter, see boes here. $35 fd.
intffiitfc, city job. $3 to $4 day.
"*»vriiig tnai-h'.oe operator on canvas, $2 SO
■lajr.
1 sallmakera. city Jobs, $3 to $4 day.
JCUfcar and wifs, Portug-uese. tear city, $*0
and found.
■ ■► i; and wife, soiae. Nevada, 25 men. ?"5
nail round.
17 farm bands, slow f« caster*.
11 chorernra *jid chor* boy*, private and
raschea.
HOTEL HELP.
Cook, saall country hotel, $40 and foand.
Cooks, walten. dishwashers, porters, bell and
elevator beys.
MURRAY tc READY. 634-636 Ciay St.
A— FOREMAN.
General foreman for construction work; must
understand concrete, rock, grading and
powfier work; tft bos* here; country, $100
and : jusd.
BOOKKEEPER AND STENOGRAPHER.
Bookkeeper *.nd stenographer for large CO3»-
r>ar;y, country, see boss here to-day-
Assist on b'Xik* and stenography for a bank-
Ing coenpacy. country, call at 1:30 p. m.
to-day.
COAL MINKRS.
OREGON. FREE FAKE. OREGON.
* coal miner*. gt>od mine, Oregon, $3 to $4
day.
FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. <34-63« day *t-
' BOOKKEEPER and etenogranh-r for a euIU-
n-.:nior.aire'e ranch; see owner st our office.
FtenograpJ-.er and assist on books for a coun-
try DosasterdaJ bask: fee president of bank
at our office To-<2*y.
MURRAY & READY, 634-G36 Clay st.
TI?E NATIONAL KMPLOYE?' RECORD CO.
Pcrier. FHjjper and packer, $"iO.
« drug clerits. good jj*y.
. Architec'uraj draftsman, city, good p*y.
Dr:ver for b»*r wagon, good pay.
single hand rcine»-», $21 »e*k.
O&kland representative Eastern firm, $75
start.
Photographer and retoucher, country, good
r*y.
Technical, clerical and laboring he!p wanted.
SI TMni st. Rooms fc-10.
-i)FFir-E clerk for railroad con«tructicn work.
must do st me drawing, typewriting, etc.;
butler fnr c:;y. $•»(• and found: shift bo*s for
quicksilver mine. $3 day; man to raise al-
falfa cr. shsifs: kitchen man and porter. $25
and found, ard others. J. F. CROSETT &,
<X>-. «S2S H&crsjnepto Ft.
A BUTLER fnr a clubhouse, $50 a month, ref-
erence*, see party here; a second butler,
ttnif p'.aw. £?.->. references. MISS PLUN-
KKTT, 42."» Putt-r 6t., near Powell.
GKORGE DAVIS * CO..
.Employment Agen<y. U* st.. room 9.
«'har: pasme aalexr.an. $23 week.
2 tewelif salesmen. $20 week.
Liquor salesman, famiiy trade, $20 week.
Sale^meti, »iik ekirts. tea gown*, etc.. $20
weeB: ntat man: experience not necessary-
Whoie^Alp ailWmTy (salesman. SU3 week.
Btencsra?ber and office clerk. $35.
Caridj -maker, good pay.
TI3E K<>MAYN-?HIRK RE^ISTEU. RENT-
ING AND ADV. O>. «12-«n3 Orant b;d(T..
err 7th and Market rt«. ; rhor.p SViuth 104.
2 »'atenrnak< > rF. bench handf. $2."» to $•{."» »'lc.
' >n» f.'ir.e fttT. beucii hsni. S2-"> to $ri5 wk.
v*ne a!' -round jewpler. fl<V* up.
Al clock repairer. S15 to $!■« wefk.
Al dctaestSe salesman. »=» ell plac?. $40-50 mo.
:< up. wrapper*, clothing store: pood salary.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractor*' Ac-ms 05 Third *t.
Shipping c>rk. city, tl- BOj one experienced
»'i;h furniturf jin i f>rr»'d.
ltoufrhnut ba.ker, Ji2; city.
K\i)pr!er.c«rd corral man. city camp, $35 and
Airaior County — T^ann".'!?, $2.
A— AMEKIfAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
642 < 'oB;rm-rei£.l «.: I'hoi.e Cu«h S33.
OR r >.;oN— FREE FARE — OREGON.
i> c*ml tniners. -We .safes — OHEJUON.
CAPTAIN" — clamshell dredge and ditcher —
CAPTAIN, good salary: leverman.
California employmknt agency.
14 Tbird ft. : ihone Bush 405.
Supplies &t a moment's notice; skilled or
urskilled *orkm*n to contractors or others;
city or country- Help secured free.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 2G Montgomery, r. 12—
Walter tor help's hall, near city. $30; por-
ter, ti'u. :
.MAN. under :»2. from >an Francisco or vicini-
*. ty, to frepare for good position ae railway
n^cil clerk; experience in poetorfice not neces-
sary; entrance salary $ s *> P*r annum, grad-
ual promotion; an exceptional opening; «*x-
aminaticn *ocn. Call morning. W. L. COF-
FEY. 4C5 Parrott blfig.
WANTED — Two high-claw solicitors, tell eer-
t'float<^ nt J<>Tx"*;t In a hanking corporation:
seme financial assistance to those with ability
and Al references: nor.?- other need apply; !
opportunity to realise $5 to $10 per day. j
AJJrrs-s box 1O4»5. Call of floe.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 6 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED— Young rosn to do billing: muft be
a rapid, legible writer. Apply between 9
ar.d II a. ttv at HALE BROS.'
FIRST-CLASS dre*« eoodr salesman wanted.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
EROS.'
WANTED— Bright youv^i man to sell wheeled
goods. Apply between 9 and 11 *. m. at
HALE P,r.OS.'
WANTED — Good solicitors: we furnish free
samples and advertise you. making orders
«r**y; see u* if you want good situation.
Call aft»rnocns. room 5, 43 McAllister st.
TOT'NG men everywhere, copy letters home
eveni"-*-!": t5> SO week. Send addressed *n-
xelop* 'or nartieular*. Manager Dept. W 12,
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Man in established commission
builnct-!'; must b# able to keep light office
foo<~k*; frr.a'.l capital required. SAN FKAN-
' CISCO P.KALTY CO.. 10.1S Market «t.
WANTKD— Educated irentleman for encyclope-
dia work; $1000 per year; references required.
• Hex 111*. Call office.
WANTED— Assistant manager with $200 to
»ak«> half interest In employment office. Bcx
1191. «:all office.
Al FLOORWALKER, dry goods: experience
r*-c.u;r*><J: t300 to $123 per month. Address
bcx 1119, Ctll office.
CFAKTED — Experienced solicitors for eale of
pilt-edirod investment; r«fs. required. Box
1141. CatL >
WANTED— Experienced real estate man for
>ntnit*r of department; refs. reaulred. Box
1121. Call. |
EXPERIENCED young man, about 1». for
• ftrrt-class fcTncerj' : rcod wages for right
T-artr. Bex 1142, Call.
UP-TO-DATE barber shop for sale: Market
rnd Sixth rts. See COLEMAN. 806 Mutual
Bank blig.
B'.r.TKi' with about $150 as partner to bur
fc*rb*r *hop in Sacramento. Call 10-12 a. m.
at IS M!r.na st.
PRIA'ER for clothing renovatory wagon. 628
■ Post *t.
WANTED— First-class barber. 41 Batter *t.
GOOD £IZET> bey to work In shoe st©r*. 410
Kearry ft.
SHOEMAKER en repelring; no^nachlnlst*.
fl»3 Howard st.
FINE t»-»-rhair barber «hop for sale. Inquire
H. BARNAIiD, 104 Seventh et.
WANTKD— Bay to work in a beer battling
' . establlshnient. Ingu'.re 1519 ETlls et.
WANTED — Stenographer, »*.ot over 25 years
old; stase age. exi>erl*nc«. Bcx 1401, Call.
BOY about 15 for m»n's furnisbinc store; Ger-
man preferred. 42* Kearrty *t.
MT.'ST s«U S-chair barber shop; 4 tiring rooms.
Mission. s.t Twenty-first.
FTm sale— Half iatereat in 4-chalr barber sho»
122 Third st. 9 '
CHANCE for two young men to learn the
barber trmde free. 7S1 Mission st.
fa TLCItS and ordinary seamen for all part* at
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
i while learnine. 097 Market sC. room 104.
MEN. learn the barber trace; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard at.
MEN wasted at 187 3d ft., where shoe* are r*»
palred by machinery; sewed soles 10 min.. 7t«,
SAILORS and your g m«n (greea haa4a) for
ship*. HALLBERT. SI7 Jfcclcsoo st. - ■ -
JLABOR debts collected ; suits, *tt*ckm«nt»7
Uwtad AtfJsatmeai G»...«2» Mact«7 M t\41V
t : — ; . ' „
...OF SAN FRANCISCO... (
A Beautiful Novelty in Decorated China
■ ■ • _ -, -„' • _, We offer our snikll 3d Dutrons this week
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Markets Streets 1016 Broadway
SSI.P WAir^P— BI 9-.ZtT.~r. -y\\?n.'>\.^ I
AAA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
SCti Market s'.. room .'S25. fifth ficor.
Office hours, st a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's ksfistant $15 to $25 wf»k !
Stenographer $55 week J
Manager UprartmtfA^tcre $25 week i
Bill and fntry ri»W $15 week j
Drug clerk $12 uvek ,
Checker $15 wet- k j
Timekeeper $15 week
Accountant $15 to $25 werk |
Collector $15 week \
Ficor manager $18 wwk |
Two shilling < lerlis $15 we*-k ;
General r:ffi<-e ivcrk $15 we'k i
Clerk, city cr country $ 15 week I
Yvurig man. learn dentistry $10 week j
806 Market rt.. room 325. fifth floor.
WANTED— By a large soap manufacturer, 3
farmer'* sens In each State, with rigs, to
call on the country merchants: Falary $100 a
month and expenses ana contract for one
year. Buffalo Chemical Co.. Buffalo, N. Y.
A PLEASANT r»eed. fine appearing registered
pbyeician and mrseon: must be quite gray,
but active: positively no other; no traveling:
•alary $200 cr moie when well started. Call
at 25 Third st.
WANTED— Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under first-class intruder: only 6
weeks required at GILLET1"S SCHOOL. 611
Commercial et. — "^
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Kclkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st.; 260 rooms; 2Sc to SOc per night.
WANTED— Men to fill 350 rooms ct 20c "per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric tight in every room. 631 Howard, nr. 3d.
UET your shoes half-so'ed while waiting; 25c
xo 6Oc. C71 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts..
or II Third gt.. Examiner building.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bid.
Paet Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; - reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL <Ues rn-n's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price S71 Mission «t.. h«»t. 1st and 2d st*. -
SALESMEN WANTED.
WANTED— Experienced dry goods salesmen to
sell our buttons on the road as ride line In
California, Washington, Montana. Oregon
and adjacent States; easily rarried ; sell
quickly; spring line ready; liberal commis-
sion: the only exclusive button house In the
West: give full particulars and references.
CHAS. RUBENS & CO.. 287-2e9 Franklin
ft.. Chlra;o.
GOOD solicitor to secure subscriptions for first-
class technical journal taken by engineers
and machinists; territory. California; only
. one man required; only men of experience,
ability and first-class reference need apply; j
good Income: perm, position.. Box 1033, Call.
JKOMESJLOTJWAGOHS.
HORSE and wagon and poultry for sale; poul-
try ranch for rent: cheap. Apply at ALEX.
HISHER'S, Ce50 Mission St., Six-Mile House,
Ean Francisco. Cal.
TW6 carloads broke horses, weighing from
1000 to lfiOO pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket. E. STEWART St CO., 220 Valencia.
THE quarterly bulletin of 8. F. Veterinary Col.
|«ge now ready: mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY. Pres.. 510 Golden Gate
CHEAP; one single and one double pendle top
wagon and 5 business wagons. 1603 Folsom.
GOOD business horse for sale, $55; a bargain.
215 Twenty-seventh st.
WANTED — Business buggy: state condition
and price. Box 1005, Call office. -L
TOR sale— Phaeton and haixess. Box 4503,
Call office. . '
FOR rsle — 10 second-hand express wagons, ons
single truck. 233 Beale at
AUCTION t>*Ie of horses. . wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. S27 Sixth »t-
TCT XXT.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN ti CO.. 20 Montgomery
ELEGANT detached residence. 1318 Green St.;
marine view, garden; cheap; 11 rooms. Ap-
ply 732 Mills building. •'*.■'■
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Height*; 8 • rooms and bath. Box
737. CaU oiflc*. 1
THE ' SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 190:1.
KOTJSSS rUESriSHEP— ?03 SAES.
FOR BALE — Partly furnished modern house.
7 rooms. 2- baths. Inquire between 10 and 2
or. Sunday or before 11 a. m. during week,
1497 Masnnjc ave.-
JONES. 910A— Well-furnifhed 7-roorn house;
few rooms rented: covers all expenses; rent
$35: must be sold this week.
FURNITURE and carpets. 0 rooms. 341 Eighth
ave.. Richmond D:£trict: cottage for rent
Apply 0 to 12 and after 6 p. m.
MCALLISTER, 943 — Furniture 5 rooms. $225,
In 7-rocm house. Call after Sunday.
SIXTH. IMS — 3 rooms complete for housekeep-
in"r: cheap.
COTTAGES TO XjET.
$10 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, nr. Web-
gter. bet. Sutter and Bush: Inquire No. 7.
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van Nees ave.—
This nrst-ciefs Hotel, now being conducted en
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, tunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
. NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
N. Y., and Moana Hotel, Honolulu.
XirSTAZiZ.3ZEI!rT ' BtnXBXCTG.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a let;
IS a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, m»k!ng your In-
bailments less than rent: send for circular.
IHYESTMEKT3. ~~
RAKE bargain; American Marconi Wireless
stock at $3 DO per share; transfer and quick
delivery guaranteed; can supply any unlisted
stock at bargain price: write me your wants.
E. COWPER-THWAITE, Stockton, Cal.
I.0ST AMD rOPCT.
LEFT in dressing-room of Owl Drug Co..
Geary st , Saturday, bet. 5 and 6, gold band
ring; valued as gift of deceased. Liberal re-
ward if returned to box 1034, Call.
LOST— Wedding ring at Herrick's Fish Stor*.
251S Mission St.; engraved inside. "From L.
to F., Oct.. 1903"; finder return to above
address . and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco in the
name of SUSAN E. G ALLICK, No. 284-96Z
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Tuesday, necklace of pearl beade, with
clasp of brilliants; liberal reward. Address
box 1123, Call office.
LOST — Lady's gray leather hand bag, on"
Hayes *trvet car. at 5:15 last evening;
Under please return to 462 Eddy st.
LOST — Satchel~oontaining $40 15 on~ Deviaa-
dcro Et., bet. Haight and Page; $10 reward.
408 Twenty-second ave.. Richmond district.
LAUNCHES POS HIRE.
6. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot Of ClaY
st.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
MATTKESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. < HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 21 ft.
' MEDICAIt.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex, can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the bead. . He guaran-
tees relief or no pay. -
DR. WHITE, 702 Market st. t rooms 7. and 8.
TRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
estab. 18S4 in S. F. ; £fl years' experience;
' - female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin is well
known to enjoy the implicit confidence of
ladies suffering from Irregularities or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; hours 2 to 4 and 6:3ft to 8:30
p. m. 850 Market St.. second floor, room 37.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1006^ Market st.. opp. 6th,
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 044 Post st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth at., be^
t ween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. Ea*t-M7.
MEDICAX— Continuea.
LAD11.S — Possibly I'm not the cheapest' nor
yet the eldest specialist here, but 1 AM a
KKr.lAi'I.K graduate physician. When in
* trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention find no danger: I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1. Eft. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 3C5 K'arny «t.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this 'specialist on female
ccmplainte: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate* helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
in trouble. con.«ult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed ; no drug»,no operations.
CANCERS, floating kidney, rectal, spinal dis-
eases cured painlessly. MRS. ADA, 1024 Mis-
sion st.
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve 9pec-
lallst. has arrived; limited number patients
. treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
criminal method of treatment. 1120 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; »afe, sun?, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Ruggies Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
x 2fith: Isdlps. relief pr no fee; $10. -
MONEY TO LOAZT.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY^"(fnc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 0J£ AND « PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests In property
purchased. '
. MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY^ ~~
601-603-6O3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments..
. Rave expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided ln-
' terest* In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY. -
WILL LOAI* "' ';
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d ■ '$■?;.*.-■££!
Mortgage, on real estate,
, In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property, , ~" * -
Location, etc
Box 223. Call office.
A— THE Portland, Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st.,
loans money on' diamonds, valuables, etc, at
2 per cent per month; tire and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on premises for free use
of customers.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parr-.tt bid.
A— ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; • also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
006 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY . loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; eaey payments; large business In 16
principal cltlea. TOLMAN. 653 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton St..
near Market. > ,
TO salaried people without security; on fwrnl-
> ture, Indorsed notes and other security. ■ S.
F. Discount Agency. 125-127 Phelan blJg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no 'fee; no
com. ; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co..B23 PaiTroU bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at I low interest; gold, silver,
- diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st... . .v r -
MONEY loaned in sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable Interest. ", A. O. Colton, 717 Mills bid..
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt.
TO. salaried ptople without security. The White
■ Co., 420. California st.. room* 14 and 16.
DON'T borrow money, on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg. ,
| MOSET TO LOAS- ContlanM.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collat-ral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON" furniture &. pianos: $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 60i> Examiner building.
MISCrLI.ANE0rj3 — FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps
pulleys; shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rentea and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S^WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Bealest.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
rc-jf? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys gutters
dt-eks. balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Writ"
u* about it. Elaterlte Roofing Co., 713 Market!
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, Jewelry
nr.d sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goeds delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st. •
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gincs. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 25-{-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
FURS — Drummer will cloae out wholesale sam-
ple line: you save GO to 100 per cent; after-
noons. 809 Market St.. room 60, Flood bldg.
A NEW Cadillac auto for sale; big reduction-
entlrely equipped with extras. Box 1768^
Call office
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress
Tuxedovor Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER*
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at.$l and $1 50 pair-
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12, upstairs.
A FINE large diamond and emerald cluster
ring; a big bargain; $350. Hesthal, 10 6th st.
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. QARIN'S, 114 Sutter st.
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; fre e delivery. 370 Fell s t.
GAS engine*, centrifugal pumps; highest grade-
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 523 Market st.
SAFES and casb registers: new and second
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HANDbl<Jg. material; lumber,' door saah~
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
FULL lino of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks: for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. 8ECUR-
ITY- LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches-
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting. " painting".
Hartniann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
MISCELLANEOUS WARTS.
AAAAAA — Buys any amount good second-hand
clothing; special price for lancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 35^2.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel.D*jfls 825. *S50 Sacramento at.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER&. CO., r. 403. Adams
bldg.. 200 Kearny St.; phone Black 3030.
Levy A Redl»r. highest price for gents* cast-off
clothing, shoes; teli Red 1544. 615 Washington
A GREAT opportunity— We -are closing out
our ertire 6eattle stock in . 8. F. at prices
never heard of before; all makes; your
term* are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased. - HEINE -.• PIANO CO.. 235-237
: Geary St.. S. F. ; Oakland, '• 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Etelnway upright;
-cost $700: price $285: will accept payments:
* no * reasonable . cash offer refused. 237
Ueary zt. -^ ''-Hg^aSssBsasi
MTTSICAI. PTSTBTrnx HTS— Con^laned.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
A small upright, a snap $95
Stodart. mahogany case, fine condition. .$135
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert.. $145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $160
Also a .Chickering. Vose. Steinway. Weber.
Mason & Hamlin, Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
1« O'Farrell st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; cn» year's rental allowed if par-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes St.
A SMALL Ftfinway upright; cost $500; $1S3
takes it. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; coat $360; will sell for $96 !
237 Geary st.
FOR honest and fair dealing. Hornunc Piano
House. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprlghts.new * 2d-hand.$43 to $300.
Pierce" s Piano Factory, Market and 14th sts.
SOIIMER. Byrcn Mausy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post it.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ * CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
OFFICES A3STD STOBES TO EET.^
A FEW rcore »*lect business office* for rent in
the new building, SE. corner Montgomery
and Sacramento streets, single or in suites,
at reasonable -prices; every office has cab-
inets with running wat*r. electric light,
•team heat, pneumatic sweepers, safe and
all modern Improvements up to date; light,
heat and Janitor service Included In the rent.
O. H. UMBSBN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
TO lease — A store In course of construction; In
excellent location; brisk opportunity for dry,
Eood3. temperance grocery, shoe store; floor
area 170O square feet; ready Jan. 15; near
Market Sixteenth and Noe sts.; $50. Box
1473. Call. ' '
OAK. cor. Broderick— Large stor* suitable for !
grocery and saloon; opposite carhouse. >
. •• oxxi —vms.
FLATHEAD~VALLEY OIL LANDS.
Southeast Kootenay, B. C.
For sale— 2 oil claims, 640 acres each, on
the Kish-e-nehn Creek. Apply WILLIAM G.
MORRISON. Palace Hotel. San Francisco.
IPEBSONAjLa^j
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O-'S B-U-L-L-E-T-I-N."
FEW SAMPLES OUT OF HUNDREDS.
"REXRADIO'S" (non-medical) treatment for
ALL alleged INCURABLE diseases.
"REXRADIO'S" TERMS are moderate: con-
sultation, diagnosis FHEE.
"NAMES", of patients (following) can be seen
at offices. . -
"PHYSICIAN." ONE OF THE MOST PROM-
INENT IN CITY, WAS, LAST WEEK,
PUBLICLY. TREATED BY REXRADIO
FOR DEAFNESS, AND INSTANTLY
HEARD "WHISPER" AT 30 FEET.
•OSSIFIED' lady. Mrs. Knowles. 379 Bart-
Iett, STILL freely moves her years' SOLID
joints. . *
■'BEXRADIOf' quickly cured my agonizing,
crippling LUMBAGO.
"REXRADIO'S" (first) treatment removed
my sev-re. chronic STOMACH trouble.
"REXRADIO" promptly, thoroughly cured my
dangerous LUNG disease.
"REXRADIO " instantly made my totally deaf
DEAF ear h*ar distant whisper.
"REXRADIO" cured my disabling SCIATICA;
I run. leap, easily. '
"BEDRIDDEN" for years; I rose from bed
unaided; 1 treatment. * -
"HEXRADIO" instantly cured my tongue
PARALYSIS and I spoke well.
"REXRADIO" speedily cured my PARALY-
SIS; I run and leap^ ■
"REXRADIO" *aved me from imminent
BLINDNESS; sight now perfect.
•KEXRADIO'S few treaments cured my
t. CANCER, large as hen's egg^ '
"P.EX RADIO'S" 1 treatment freed my AN-
CHYLOSED helpless limbs.
"REXRADIO" made my DEAF MUTE pa-
tient begin hear, speak.— PHYSICIAN.
"REXRADIO" cured us of 10 severe chronic
diseases-/ see us. '
"REXRADIO" has cured many (distant) pa-
tients he has never seen. •
"$1000 FORFEIT" if ' above statements arc
, not absolutely TRUE.
"REXRADIO'S" new WEEKLY CIRCULAR
will interest you; call for It.
"REXRADIO'S" office hours 2 to 7. Free
public healing TO-DAY, 2 an-1 8 p. m. CUT
OUT thes-e ads for SICK FRIENDS. Ra-
dium Hall, 1 Fourth at. (cor. Market.)
A FACE without a wrinkle may be the pos-
session of any one who takes the full treat-
ment for the removal of facial Imperfections
practiced by M.. ELLA HARRIS: simple
remedy based upen scientific principles; per-
manent In effect: proofs shown; send for free
booklet. "Hints Ai Beauty." M. ELLA HAR-
RIS. 128 Geary st.
A A— WHY look old? „..,—
Fifteen-day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM; a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufflnessSremoved from one side
of the face can be seen daily: write for book-
let. 143 Stockton St.. cor. Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growttustops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ?calp;at druggists'. hairdresser*': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy CO..13.W Polk.
INVALID trentleman wishes lady companion to
New York by steamer and Central America;
all expanses and salary paid; sail Saturday.
Box 1044. Call.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
trouble*. Office. 320 Starr King bldg.. 121
.Geary st. MRS. HOLSHOUSER. magnetic
' epeclalist; ladles and gentlenftn.
DETECTIVE^ — Private detective: all classes le-
gitimate work promptly attended to. HARRY
' ROGERS, 810 O'Farrell. Phone Sutter 2634.
IMPORTANT — Any one knowing the address
of FRANK G. O'NEIL will receive a reward
if sent to box 14S2. Call Office. S. F., Cal.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1890. 2122 Fillmore St.: phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor, 721 Market st.
IOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
ELECTRIC light baths; hot and cold tub
baths. 467 Geary st.
C. E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; country
orders. 805 Larkin. r. 49. tel. South 319. •
SUITS to order on Installments of SI per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. .729 Market »t.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 ft week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market at., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 73. Fred Wagner. S30 Market.
Superfluous hair, removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.SfO Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 3oT
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor.Busb and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
PHTSICIAZrS AND SUEGEON3.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 M, Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, ckln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market «L
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
' treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 113-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls^
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746- S Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new methods; 1 week's
' treatment free. Dr. 'Cottlngham. 204 Sntte r.
PTTECHASINO AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence soliclt-
, ed. 305 Larkin St.. room 4i>: tel. South 319.
PATEUT3.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 322 Market st.
Roororo.
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
paired; low prices: work guaranteed. Chicago
Roofing Co., F. Herrmann, m'gr. 606 2d st. '
8EAX. ESTATE— CITT— FOB SAUL
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOT3.
Do you realize that the growing city of Saa
Francisco has only a small ar«a> of
Ocean Beach?
Astounding prices will be obtained for lota
fronting the ocean In near future.
We offer the only graded lots fronting right
on boulevard, ocean and pars.
$450 to $1000 — Unobstructed ocean and pack
view Lots on easy terms. None Ilk*
them in this city. Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms. Don't
mis* this opportunity; se* . i
/ them to-day.
$100 to $310— Near park and ocean; $3 monthly.
Get otf car at our Ooeanside branch offic* oa
corner H st. and 47th ave.. open dally
\ and Sunday.
____^ • _
$300 to $1100— Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lots. On Installments.
'$100 to $400 — L«vel Excelsior Homestead lots.
Near cars. $3 monthly.
$1250 to $-".<Xa> — Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond, Oc-eanalde and Mission;
easy /erma,
SOL GETZ A SON. Owner* and X>*al*r*. '
Room 54, fourth floor, Chronicle bids.
ONLY A FEW LEFt!
$1 25 PER VV KEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mlsslon-st. electria
cars; bound to double In value.
$400 each, on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gat*
Park; these are the cheapest lot* la this dis-
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., r. 8. Phone Main 3704.
$3700 — IF you want a 7-room modern horce>
you cannot do better; take Masonlc-ave. car
and get off at Shrader st. ; owner on tha
premises, 1047 Shrader st.
NEW. sunny flats $7000; half cash; Golden
Gate ave., near Central ave.; S and 6 rooms.
bat&; attics; 2 basements; rooms tinted and
frescoed; open dally; street worli complete.
MARINE view lot. 23x137:6 wlta L 30x100;
Filbert, bet. Brodertck and Baker. MULLER,
Bay and Webster.
6TANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach 6 Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
FOR sale — ft-room cottage and bath. 41 Rich-
land avenue. Owner on premises Sunday.
EEAI ESTATE — COTJUTBT— Pox Sale,
WHITE & BAYLEY. ™~
Successors to
W. J. WHITE. ,
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWH2RH. :
EXCHANGES.
- LODL LODL
The town that has the "SNAP" to it; tl»»
•ectlon that has the most fertile soli In tha
San Joaquin Valley; fin* roads; water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10-acr*
lots; only 2Vi miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
soil rich, black, sandy loam 12 feet deep;
school on the tract: $75 per acre. This will not
last over 30 days; first come, first served. Ad-
joining land^sold for $125.
$>5C0— Close" to Napa City; CO acre* rich,
level land; 35 acres In orchard 12 year* oli:
good S-rocm house; large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant, poultry yards; horses, eat-
tle; farming tools; good furniture; fine Income;
half cash.
$1SOO— Close to Sebastopol: 10 acres fln» land;
4 acres bearing prunes, berries, garden; 5 acre*
young apples; half casb.
$500 -lown — ISO acres and use of 40 more: -
miles of postofflce; in Sonoma County; rolling
land; 8 acres vtnes; orchard; finely fenced;
building alone co?t $20CO; house 7 rooms; barn,
wagon-shed, poultry-houses yards; 1500 cord*
wood; some stock: furniture; price $2500.
$400 down — tO-acre dairy and poultry ranch:
2 good dwellings, barn, poultry-houses, incuba-
tor; 6 cows. 15 Angora goats. 2 horses, buggy;
tools; 10 tons of hay; only 1 mile of town; in-
vestigate quick: $-000.
$5o0O— Only 1 mile of Haywards; 37 acre*
rtne land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modem
house 6 rooms and bath; finest barn In county,
alcne.cost $4C0O; fine view; this is tha best bay
in the vicinity.
$2ti3O— North of Watsonvllle; 65 acres. 8 aer»»
full bearing apples. 9 in grain; fine berry
patch; 10 acres timber; flowing stream; 9-room
! hcuse; large barn and granary; water piped tj
I buildings. We have a choice selection of fruit
and grain ranches at reasonable prices in th.i
vicinity. See a few.
$2800 — Close to Petaluraa. 1 mils station; 10
acres rich loans; family orchard; among beau-
tiful oaks; modern cottage, S rooms, bath;
good barn, poultry-houses, outhouses; horse.
cow. 80 h<?ns, buggy, etc.; will add 12 acre»
adjoining if desired; see this quick.
$10.000 — Close to Geyserville; 56 acres rtcf»
Russian River bottom: great hop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine-
yard, 12 prunes, 23 acres fine alfalfa: Iarg->
new barn. We offer seme of the finest farm*
in the world In th!3 supeTb section; let u*
drive ycu around.
$2505— Near Hopland; 45 acres rich land; 13
acres pears in bearing; family orchaA; gooj
house and outbuildings; well fenced; investi-
gate this.
$1500— All level. '10 acres. 2 miles of Calls-
toga; small orchard; gocd house and barn; i
wells; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
$50 per acre — 2 miles of Modesto; 20 acre*
up; half cash.
$50 per acre— Near Lodl, on th* WocdbriV*
canal.
$3500 — 10 acres, all tillable. No. 1 soil; fam-
ily orchard; mostly In grain; 6-room house;
good barn, windmill, blacksmith shop, poultry-
houses: .near school; fine team; Jersey cow.
pig?, lavli.s hens, tools: wagon. 2 buggies; ait
furniture: close to Santa Rcsa.
$2750 — Foothill ranch of 1G0 acres; nea?
Clayton: £0 acres fine plow land; house, goo<l
barn: famtly orchard; terms.
$17GO — 25 acres, close to Catistcga; adapted
to vines and tr«es: family orchard; cozy 5-roonx
cottage; good barn; fine water.
$400 down — 5 acres good land., with new.
bard finished cottage of 5 rooms and ba:h;
large brooder- house. 2 inoubatora. brooders; a. I
larmir.g tools: near Petaluma: price $2C0w.
$S5 per acre for sandy loam land. *Hshtlr
rclling; 3 miles west of Petaluma; In trac:*
from 5 acres up. We wish to call special at-
' tention to the choice homes we have in the vi-
cinity of Petaluma and want to have you
drive out with us and see the.m. Photos at
this office.
$2500 — 25 acres, half rolling -and balanr*
level; near Santa Rosa. 3 miles of Kenwood;
, rich land: 2 acres orchard; vineyard; creek.^.S
wells; nice cottage .'> rooms: large barr:
fenced Into 4-- fields;- 5 poultry-houses. iarg»
wire netting yards. 150 laying hens; good hor»%.
3 cattle; spring wagon, top buggy; 4 tens hay;
eaey term*.
$2600 — 10 lots at Corte Madera; 4 mlnut**
frcm depot; log cabin worth $1GOO. fine shak*
cabin; stable; fir.e suburban home; easily *)*S|T|
$3300: hot and cold water throughout: modern.
$2950—34 acres, near Watar>ovUle: 200 apples;
6 acres fine potatoes: 2 acres timber; balanc*
-grain: 5-room cottage; barn, outbuilding*.
$1200 — 10 acres in vine and fruit belt. n*a?
Lcdl; sandy loam: 5-rocm house and barn.
Sl'SCO— Near Santa Crua. CO acre* rich allnvUl
sell; 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acr?«
: grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-rocm hon^e,
turn.
Send stamp for the largest and most dlverj.-
fied printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. room 3.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A splendid farm of 212 acres; 10 minutrs'
drive from the beautiful town of St. Helena.
Napa County: $C5,WX> has been expended *.n
this property; t'5 acres resistant vines, il
acres fine orchard; soil deep, heavy loam; »
naturaV reservoir ted frcm springs en pren-.-
ises: capacity three million gallons; posi-
tively the best watered farm In the West;
2-story residence and summer-house costing
$15,CQ0: the house Is en a small hill an 1
overlooking the most beVutiful valley in th*
world: last year this farm cleared $3000 net;
must be sold at once; price $2S.0C0; will ex-
change for good Pan Francisco property.
BARNETTT & CROSBY, room 105. Caeca
; block. Oakland.
I _
_____ i
$5600—80 ACRES of land, all under cultlva.
Uon, with improvements, in orchard section
i< of Sutter County: uniy three miles froia
i county seat and on line of new ircigattoa
! * ditch.
A snap If taken soon, but will not kee^.
M. J. SEWKOM.
408 Second st.. Marysvill*. CaL
EALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice;
133 acres. Napa Co.: 60 acres in cultivation:
fruit. vln»3 and grain; fully equipped a a J
- paying: beautiful place; gentleman's haras.
• SflAPBURNE. 4Pg Montgomery st. .
ATTENTIOX. HOMESEEKER3!
Send postal for catalogues of the beat laai
bargains In California, c. M-jCVOOSTEB CO.,
e-t* Market st.
CONTRA Ccsta County real estate -for sale.
Send for list. P. J. WEST. Martlnea, Cal
For Additional Classified.- Advertise^
ments See Page Fourteen.
1314
EAI7 KATEO^EEAliJCSTATE^ ;
FOR Siftx— 250 ACRES; SAN PEDRO VAL-
LFY NEAK POINT SAN PEDRO AND
HEAUTIFfL BEACH. THE OLD SAN-
i-KJSSS ADOBE UOUSK. IK BOOMS (NOW
VHE1> AS A HOTEL) AM) STABLE KOK
Jl» HORKEP ON THE PROPERTY. BEST
QUALITY' LAND. FORMERLY USED PUR
VEGETABLES. NOW A DAIRY; WELL
WATERED; SAN I'EIJRO RIVER
THROUGH THE GROUNDS; GROVES OF
GIM TREES: 7 MILKS FROM COLMA
<: P RAILWAY STATION AND 11 FROM
<-LlFF HOUSE BY OCEAN SHORE: GOOD
INCOME PAYING. PRICE J21.O0O. Al>-
1JRE?S A B PATRICK & CO.. 415 FRONT
ST. SAN FRANCISCO.
XXJmTta PARK — On line of San Mateo electric
car* 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sta.;
outside the tog belt and just beyond where
the S P. Co.'s l>ay shore "'cut-off" will Join
the main line; M>-foot iots frcm $li»o u;>.
terms from f 10 to $50 down and balance at
rate of $10 a month; sewer and water pipes
in front of every let; pure artesian well
v»it. over cne-balf lots sold since August
j; an exceptional opportunity to secure a lot
la this deflrabl* ».ection: take the electric
car* and get off at "!X>ilITA PARK" and
Investigate; mar* *ent on* applicatioa.
SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
116 California ft.: Tel. Main 673.
BERKELEY ADVERT ? S'XTS
BEEKELEY EEAL ESTATE.
ALMOST new 5-rocm ccttage; hot and cold
water, bath, pantry: brick foundation; lot
:,i.>ii»'. all fenced; 1 block to electric cars;
3 blocks to station; prtce $145u; terms $15o
cash, bal. «2i> monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin station. Bo. Berkeley; open Sundays.
BARGAIN —^room cottage, bath; 8- foot base-
ment; city water; also pood well ard pump;
lot 45xl2T>: close to Key Route station and
etorea; i-rice JliOO; tenr.s $150 cash, balance
ilii bo monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin
itaticn. South Berkeley; open Sundays.
BARGAIN — New 6-room bouse, 2-story, bath,
pantry, stationary tub?, gas and electric
light fixtures; city water; lot 4uxl00; terms
(150 cash, balance (20 monthly. A. O.
KUDOLPH. Lorin. So. Berkeley; open Sun.
NEW cottage, 5 rooms, bath, pantry. mant«l;
city water, eas and electric light fixtures,
shades and everything complete; lot 4oxl0c»;
2 blocks to Etatlcn and electric cars; price
S2150: flSO caeh. bal. $20 monthly. O. A.
RUDOLPH, Lorin. So. Berkeley; open Sun.
—$3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware st.. Berkeley: S
rocms and bath: lot 4Oxl."iS: new and no-iem:
• Lr.r.v expes-ure; Cne view; »asy terms of
pavrsent if desired ; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BfTSTDS ANT) FINANCE CO. 0*0.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st.
Oakland.
A WEEK'S new* for S cents — The 'Weekly Call.
18 rare*. In wrapper, for maillne. $1 per year
ROOMS Aypj3qAR£^^
WILSON'S Inn. 2144 University ave.— A fine,
modern house; central location. A. H. WIL-
SON.
FRUITVALE ADVERT'STS
FBUITVAIiE EEAL ESTATE.
FOR calf — Modern 5-room cottage: lot 40x135;
fruit trees, *tc. Call owner, 1904 King ave..
Frultvalc.
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'X'TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAZIAin) REAI. ESTATE.
PIEDMONT FOR SALE. PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT CHOICE REPI- PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT DENCE SITES. PIEDMONT
OPPOSITE
THE GOLDEN GATE
PIEDMONT PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT ELEVATION PIEDMONT
400 FEET.
PIEDMONT PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT PIEDMONT
S5 MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
PIEDMONT IS SITUATED ON THE HIGH
GROUND IN OAKLAND.
CONVENIENT FOR SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS MEN.
23 Minute* by Key Route to San Francisco.
Trains Every 20 Minutes.
COMMANDS CO-MILE PANORAMA OF THE
HARBOR. THE BAY. THE MOUN-
TAINS AND GOLDEN GATE.
Protected from the winds; above the fog; at-
mosphere clear, dry and bracing.
AN IDEAL SPOT FOR THOSE TROUBLED
WITH COLDS, ASTHMA OR WEAK
THROAT.
15 minutes frcm center of Oakland: streetcars
every 10 minutes until 1 :20 a. m.
FINE RESIDENCE SITES.
$2J> to $*0 per front foot; any frontage; depth
from 125 to 200 feet.
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL AND CONVEN-
IENTLY SITUATED RESIDENTIAL SU-
BURB ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
Houses built en payment of 20 per cent total
coet cf house and lot; balance as rent.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
1212 Broadway, j« Sansome St.,
Oakland. S. F.
FOR eale, cheap; short distance from Key
Route and Santa Fe depot, property cf 4
lots. 50x100; cash: with good 8-room house
with high basement: windmill and tank, sta-
ble* and chicken-houses; or will exchange for
ranch or alfalfa land. Call or address S»0
Forty-nfth Ft., near Market, Oakland.
TTE hav e clients looking fcr Investments in
Oakland property. If you have either housei
er lots for eale call at our office or mall us
full description and price.
C. E. REED.
«fiS Eleventh tt.. OakUnd.
OAXXiAZTS rUXHlTURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for barraTnjnnTfurnn
ture. H."Ech«'.naa«. 11th et.. cor. torg.Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
BOOKS TOE EOUSKEEPIKO.
BRYANT, 421 — Two sunny rooms, nicely fur-
Blched for housekeeping; pas.
FOURTH. 431—2 rooms furnished for house-
keeping; gas stove; no children.
GF.ARY. 1225— Fine front, sunny, bay-window
eulte; all conveniences; location of the best;
marine view; terms reasonable.
GEARY. 1337— Three nicely furnished house-
keeplng rooms. Call between 9 and 3.
GOLDEN GATE ave., S57 — Newly fur. sunny
rooms; hot. cold water; porcelain bath; gas.
HAIGHT. 218 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
HARRISON, 405— New house; furnished
rooms; housekeeping rooms; hot and cold
water; electric licht; bath.
HOWARD. 647. bet. let and 2d— Front rooms
in suites; coal er wood cook stove.
HOWARD. 825— Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 622—2 front housekeeping rooms-
rent »4 wetk : gag and coal stove.
HOWARD 23S1— 2 large, well -furnished front
room*: Jin. - .... -,
JONES. 207— Sunny front rooms. «n suite and
elnple; light housekeeping.
KENILWORTH. cor. Buch and Powell — Three.
room sunny apartments: (team heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
funny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated
electric lighted; tree baths: rates reasonable!
LANGTON. 212%. near 7th— 2 unfurnished
rocmr; housekeeping; large eunny yard.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness— Sun-
ny fur. 2 and 3 room suites; gas and bath.
MINNA. 10R— Front roora for light housekeep-
ing; fS month.
MINNA. M6 — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
OTARRELL. 02«V-Two lovely front rooms,
housekeeping; sun all day; basement suite
housekeeping; reasonable. S
OAK. 11"— Comilet* for housekeeping. 11 to
>12: i»as range; hot bnth: adults.
PEARL. 3. corner Market — Three furnished
housekeeping rooms; $18; no children.
F1XTEENTH. 312S— Housekeeping rooms, fur-
nlshed; phorw. gas, bath; no children.
TAYLOR, an— Two furnished attic sunny
APARTMENTS TO LET.
GOLDEN WEST Apartments. 414 Golden Gate
ave.; rp*n about December 12; unfurnished
apartments; rooms to let.
ROOMS TO LET — Furs, ana Hnfurn.
ATKINS, cor. Third tt. and Park lane — New
brick building: all eunny rocms; hot and cold
water: electric J'ghts: only first-class house
in locality: rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rocms; open all night.
AT '•The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et..)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
fl 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. lll'G Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights"; running water In *very room: 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
EDDY. 11, near Powell — Large, sunny, front
roon>. also cingle rooms, $1 25 week up.
r.DDY, 110. Launston— Fine furnished rooms;
best transient; opp. Tivoli, 50c up per night.
EDDY. 604 — Nice single room; also house-
keeping rooms to let.
ELLIS. 1101. cor. Gough— Private family; 3
large sunny front rooms; rent low.
FOURTEENTH, 700 — Sunny single front room
for cer.tleman.
I GOLPEN GATE ave.. 357— Newly furnished
|. sunny rooms: also singles to let.
! COLDEN GATE ave.. 439— Furnished room to
let.
I GOUGH. 1S11 — One furnished sunny room to
I let.
! GROVE, 841, Oakland — A nice furnished room
', for rent.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
HOWARD. 715 — Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
j KEARNY. 41S — Nice, front, ninny rooms at
$2 50 per week; $10 per month.
! MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
(2 50 to JT week: baths; elevator.
[ MARKET. 1104 — Sunny furnished front rooms
to let.
I
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third *t.— 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
(2 to JS per week; the only new and medern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
1 that ha* cfflce on ground floor, bet and cold
' water, electric lights, call bells. Eteam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MrALLlSTER, 416, fiat 3— Nice sunny fur-
nished double room, ruitabie 1, 2 gentlemen.
O'KARRELL. 2CS — Nicely furnished EUnny
front rooms: also tinple. $2 50 up.
| O'FARRELL. 856 — Front rooms to let.
i ■
PAGE. 502 — Nice, all outside rooms; running
water; bath; new; private family.
i POLK. 207H — Small furnished' rooms to let;
rent cheap.
j ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rccms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rocms with hot knd cold water; baths.
I .
; STEVENSON 797'i. near Ninth— Nicely fur-
nished single roomf, $1 25 a week.
j THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New man-
i agement; new bldg.; finely furnished, with
hot and cold water, steam heat and baths:
Cne location and reasonable rates. •
THE ST. KATHRYN, CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS,
ELECTRC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
j .
i Tt'RK. 123 — Clean. Funny, furnished rooms,
j with or without beard; $3 up.
J UMTED~~STATES, 123 Eddy. nr. Market-^400
rocmr 35o to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room: free bus; baggage.
I :
WEBSTER. 1560 — Sunny furnished room; bath. -
WI NCHESTEIt Hotel. 44 3d at., nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35e to $1 SO nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 501 Geary st.— Large
; sunny rooms, board'; suites, with board for 2
ft50 mo. ; single, with board. $25 up; special
:amily rates; Just renovated.
I COMORA (The). 621 CFarrell — Quiet, home-
like: excellent service; warm rooms and
l-.alls: best table.
| NEWLY furnished rooms, all sunny; hot and
cold water; board If desired. 1155 Octavla.
CALIFORNIA. 607— Best rooms, table and
service In the city for the 'least money.
I GUERRERO. 114 — Sunny rooms with board for
gentlemen; good home; central; reasonable.
■ LARGE. Gunny room, suitable for two gentle-
I mtn; home cooking; from $20 up. 1159 Turk.
' O'FARRELL. 553— Nicely fur. rms. and board;
German home cooking; phone Larkin 3U70.'
j VALLEJO, 1124 — Rooms with board.
j ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
j JZ^^JLJZAICZZiDz
NICELY furnished room, with bathing accom-
modations, by educated young German with
private English or American family; near
Market at., bet. 3d and 8th. Box 1179, Call.
1 WANTED — In rt>spectabl«. quiet neighborhood.
2 unfurnished, nice rooms and kitchen for
; *-Iderly ccupl*; $10 to $12; best references.
Box 1724. Call.
j YOUNG married couple want three furnished
rooms in private family; rent not over $20.
Box 133S. Call office.
MAN wants single room, with use of piano; $9
monthly. Box 1616. 1008 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — Tta* Weekly Call.
16 t-tgea. in wrapper, for mailing. SI p«r year.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for box lockers— Office Depot
Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery gt. San
Francisco. Cal.. Dec. 7. 1904— Scaled pro-
posals in triplicate, subject to usual condi-
tions, will be received h-?re until 10 o'clock
a. m.. Friday. Jan. 6. 1905. a.nd then opened,
for furnishing 5000 box lockers (more or less)
at the Sa:» Francisco depot. The United
States reserves th-e right to accept or re>ect
I any or all bid* or any part thereof. In-
formation and blank proposals will be fur-
nished rn application. Envelopes containing
proposals to be marked, "Proposal for box
lockers. No. 9403," and addressed to MAJOR
O. A, DEVOL, Q. M.. U. S. A., D^pot Quar-
trrmastcr.
120.000 MUNICIPAL watrr works bonds, town
of Wbeatland. for sale, untaxable. bearing 3
per cent Interest; serial 40 years; bids will
be received up to Monday. Dec. 5, 1904, cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid
For Information address R. N. MURPHY,
Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
UNITED STATES Engineer's Office. Flood
building. San Francisco. Cal., Nov. 8. 1904.
Sealed proposals for dredging in Napa River.
Cal.. will be received here until 12 noon.
December S. 1904. Information on appllca-
tlon. W. H. HEUER. Col. Engrs.
PrVTDENP NOTICES.
i AMERICAN CAN CO. — A quarterly dividend
of M4 per cent has this day been declared
j upon the preferred Ptock of this company,
payable on January 1, 19C5, to -stockholders
■ of record at the close of business December
19. 1904. The transfer books will be closed
as to the crefrrred stock from December 20
to Januarv 1. inclusive. Checks will be
mailed. R. H. ISMON, Secretary. Decem-
ber 5. 1904.
i DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.: A dividend. No. 72. of fifty
cents (5Oc) per share on the Issued capital
ttocl: of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms
204 and 206 Hayward bldg., San Francisco
on December 10, 1904. Transfer books close'
December 3. 1904. at noon. C. C. Quinn. Sec.
j &EQAZ. NOTICES. ..;.
j DISSOLUTION of copartnership — LUIGI Roil
CELLI and JOSEPH MARENGO have, by
mutual consent, this day dissolved copart-
nership, the said JOSEPH MARENGO hav-
• ing purchased the entire Interest of said
LUIGI ROSOELLI in the stock In trade and
buslners heretofore owned and conducted, at
the- city and county of San ■ Francisco, by
tsairt copartnership. San Francisco," Cal
November 25. 1904. LUIGI ROSCELLI.
ON and after this date I will not be responsible
for any <Jebt« incurred by my wife. MA RIB
ACKKRMANN. CLAUS ACKERMANN. .
REGINA Restaurant, 422 Turk Ft., sold; all
I bills against said place must be presented
within & day* from Dec. 3. 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. .WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1904.
I SEWING MACHINES AND STTPPIOES.
MAKE Christmas with a gift of a White: best
s<ewing machine on earth; prices frcm $10 to
$100: pay only ?3 per month if you wish.
The new retail of flee of the White is at 915
Market st. '
ALL makes; 2d hand. $2. $5. $7. 59; new,$4, $8;
drop beads, ft drawer, golden oak,$15; rented,
ttpaired: lowest rates. National Automatic
R. M. Co.. 145 Sixth St.; teL Jessie <»9tt.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use: best
la cheapest; second- hand all makes at any
price: all kln>r rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. If2l Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5. $8; "UzbUy
used $10 $15, $20; you know where the dou»
f wing iii the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought. Fold and , repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS* PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission «t.
stoeage AN JB_J wrA 555H? s i??:
A^EMPORUJM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 7-5-
731 Howard «t.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1BL
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 8 Eddy St.:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPEK. pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage &. Moving Co.. o£- '
flc« Poet and Pcwell »ts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 871.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany 2320 Flllmore tt: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
rt.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
$100 REWARD—
WILL BE PAID FOR INFORMATION
LEADING TO ARREST AND CONVICTION
OF PARTY WHO CAUSED NETS OF
UNION SHRIMP COMPANY. IN CONTRA
COSTA COUNTY. TO BE DESTROYED ON
THREE DIFFERENT OCCASIONS.
MORSE DETECTIVE SERVICE, 430 Kearny.
STOP DRINKING.
GUARANTEED cure: send 50c; tablet form;
mailed In olaln package: has cur»d thou-
tands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. X ■
Smith Premier, J1'5; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th»
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typ«writers sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
I EXPANSION OjFmELBOURNE SCHOOLS —
: Downtown. 521 Franklin, near McAllister, 8
to 12. Open-air Echool, 810 Diamond St.; tel.
Capp 5173; 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either. ;
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licensee were issued yesterday as
follows:
John Panel la. 23. 1610C Mason street, and
; Loretta Hughes, 22, 9 Isabel street.
Leo Paschinl 21. 734 Shotwell street, and
Julie Euglehart, 18. 473 Shotwell street.
■ Julio M. Gomez. 2S, Monterey, and Bessie
Bray. 23. 1210 Mission street.
Frey Sjostedt, 24. 55 Sliver street, and In-
geborg Jarnberg, 18, 52 Sycamore avenue,
i Narcisse L<-fevre, 4t>. 129 Van Ness avenus, ,
and Adele Rid, 41, Willits. » !
I Filippo Cavalero, 49. Konora. and Maria Ber- !
j tola. 30. Sonora. '
, Joseph F. Schultz. 31. 1755 Hayes street,
: and Ethel McGaw, 29, Kalamazoo, Mich.
William R. Hampton, 21, Berkeley, and Nel-
i He B. Henderson. 18, Alameda.
Thomas P. Maloney, 21, 60 Haight street,
and Nellie W. Moore. IS, CO HaiKht street.
Ole Berg. 37. 254 Noe street, and Lorentlne
i K. Larsen, 33. 254 Noe street.
I Frank L. Hantz, 30. 100 Fifth street, and
: Emma C. Peckler. 25. 129 Hyde street.
i. John C. Frates, 31, Rio Vista, and Isabel
I Pedro, 21. Rio Vista.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Krth. rnarria«:e * and death notices . sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication office* and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
bens authorized to have the same published.
I Notices restricted simply to the announcement
! of the event are published once in this column
| free of charce.
I =T^====^===^;=;
BORX.
NEALON — In this city. November 25. 1904, to
the wife of James J. Nealon (formerly Clara
Baker), a eon.
NEALON— In this city. December 5, 1904, to
the wife of J. T. Nealon, a son.
TOEL— In thU city, November 28. 1904, to the
wife of Louis Toel, a daughter.
MARRIED.
LEEK — BALEY— In this city. December 4,
i l»04, by the Rev. George W. White pastor
I of Central M. E. Church. John J. Leek and
I Maggie G. Baley, both of San Francisco.
j KORNBECK— BE1ER— In this city, December
3. 1004. by the Rev. O. Groensberg. Christian
H. Kornbeck and Anna Beler.
DIED.
Anthony. Thos. B. — 60 Isaacson Kitty — 31
Beaton. Peter J.— 26 Jensen, Jens H. — 10
Calamarl, Salvatore — Laub, Franz J. 20
| m years Leach. James G.— 63
i Callahan, Thomas — 60 McCarthy, Octavla 22
Carey. Bertha— 25 McGHlicuddy, Eugene
Chut, Charles — 67 Nodenschneider, Philo-
Costello. Beatrice — 2 niene — 52
Farnham, Jas. G. — 64 Patton, Mrs. I. P. 78
Foy. John M. — 80 Reposa Joseph — 20
Galvin. Katharine E. Rlckards. William J.
■ Gutsch. Axel — 11 Rivero. Lucy— 10
: Henrioulle. Stephanie Root James E. 56
I (Nina)— 24. Sabin. Ferdinand— 04
| Holmes. Evelyn— 25 ! Spinney. Sarah E.— 71
Holzer. Charles F.— 75; Tolle. Henry \V.— 66
Hromada. Adolph— 58 .Underwood, Charles— 76
Hughes, Catherine— 70 1 Updike, Emma K. 32"
ANTHONY— In this city. December 5, 1904,
Thomas B.. dearly beloved father of Mrs.
F. M. Byrne. Louis T., Alfred J. and
Nathaniel V. Anthony and the late William
T. Anthony, a native of England, aged 60
years.
(ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), December 8, 1U04, at 10 a. m..
from the parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van
Nesa avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery.
BEATON— In Deming. New Mexico. December
3. 1004. Peter J., dearly beloved son of John
j J. and Jemima Beaton, and devoted brother
of Mrs. A. R. Clary and Neil, Stewart, Ma-
bel and Aleck Beaton, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years 1 month and 23 days.
(CFncnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday). December 7 at 1 p. m.. from
Mission Masonic Temple, 2608 Mission street
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third)
where cervices will be held under the aus-
pices of Oriental Lodge No. 144 F. and A.
M. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CALAMARI— In this city, December' 1 1904,
Salvatore Calamarl, a native of Italy aged
60 years.
CALLAHAN— In this city, December 5 1904,
Thomas Callahan, a native of Illinois aged
60 years.
G7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral to-day
(Wednesday). December 7, 1904 at 2 p m
from the parlors of Carew &' English 29
Van Ness avenue. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
CAREY— In this city. December' 5, 1904 Ber-
tha, beloved wife of Cornelius J. Carey,
mother o f James Cornelius Carey, daughter
of Joseph F. and the late Ida- Stromberg,
and sister of Joseph F.. John F.. Henry A..
Richard. Elizabeth and the late Herman
Btromberg, a native of San Francisco aged
25 years 4 months and 21 days.
(TTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral Friday
December 0. at 9:30 a. m., from the parlors
of Mctadden. McBrearty & Green 1171 Mis-
sion street between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHUT— In the City and County Hospital
December 6. 1904 Charles Chut a native of
Germany, aged 57 years. '
COSTELLO— In Oakland December 6 1904
Beatrice, beloved daughter of Andrew and
Emma Costello. a native of San Francisco
aged 2 years and 3 months.
FARNHAM— In this city December 4 1904
James Gardner, beloved husband of the late
Annie R. Farnham. father, of James Farn-
ham and brother of Jerry W. and Joseph
M. Farnham. Mrs. John Corner and Mrs
Captain Boyd. a. native of Rockland, Me
l? ed if,* years. A member of Unity Lodgi
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to the funeral services
Thursday. December 8. 1004. at 1:30 p m
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission etreet
near Twenty-flrat. under the auspices of
Unity Lodge No 131. I. O. O. F. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral
car from corner or Eighteenth and GuerreTo
streets at 2:15 p. m.
FOY— In this city. December 6, 1004, in
HENRY J. CALLACHErW
(Successors to Flannsgan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND.EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School ':
;.,;'.'.■ Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
. -Funeral Directors and Embalmers-
■ Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 8C6 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
Providence Hospital, John M. Foy. beloved
father of Mary. . Charles John, Annie and
Maggie Foy and Mrs Helen Murdoch.. a na-
tive of Ireland aged 80 years.
E7"Friends a'nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, December 7 1004. from the parlow of
the Howe Undertaking Company, corner of
Grove and Twenty-second streets, thence to
the Immaculate ■ Conception Church, where
services will be held beginning at 10 a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
GALVIN— A solemn requiem anniversary high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the
soul of the late Katharine E. Galvin. Fri-
day. December 9 at St. Brigid's Church.
Van Ness avenue*, commencing at 9 a. m.
Friends and acquaintances are invited to at-
tend.
GUTSCH— In this city, December 5. 1904. Axel
Gutsch, beloved son of Minna and tha late
Gustav .F. A Gutsch and brother of Gus-
tav Gutsch. a native of Prussia. Germany,
aged 41 years 10 months and 15 days. A
member of Oak Grove Lodge, F. and A. M. ;
Islam Temple A. A. O N, M. S. • San Fran-
. Cisco Lodge No. 3 B P. O. E., and the Pa-
cific Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa-
tion.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 a. m.. from Masonio Tem-
ple, corner of Post and Montgomery streets.
Interment Odd Fellews' Cemetery. Remains
at the funeral parlors of the H. F. Maaas ,
Co.. 917 Mission street.
HENRIOULLE— In this city, December 6.
■ 1904, at tho residence of her parents. 571A
Minna street, Stephanie (Nina), dearly be~-
loved and only daughter of Gregolre and
Feilcle Henrioulle. a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HOLMES— In this city. December B, 1004.
at 50 Sanchez street. Evelyn, beloved wife
of Harold C. Holmes, mother of Roberta
Evelyn, Harold C. Jr. and the- late- Robert
Holmes, daughter of Mrs. Charle.3. Ottersen,
and sister of Ermy Charles and William |
Glenny. a native of San Francisco, aged 25 ;
years 1 month and 10 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respeo(>
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 11 a. m.. from her late residence, 56 San-
chez street. Interment private. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland.
HOLZER— Suddenly, in this city, December
4. 1904. Charles F. Holzer. a native of New
York, aged 75 years.
HROMADA— In this city, December 5. 1904,
Adolph. beloved husband of Anna Hromada,
and father of Emanuel J. Hromada Mrs.
Btewart Carter and Mrs. Lucien A. Ganahl,
a native of Austria, aged 58 years.
(C^The funeral will take place Thursday,
December 8. 1004, at 10 a. m.. from his late
residence. 1256 Masonic avenue, thenc* • to
Pioneer Hall, where services will be conduct-
ed at 11 a. m. under the auspices of Lincoln
Post No. 1, G. A. R. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city. December 6. 1904.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of the late
Patrick Hughes, and loving mother of Ber-
nard, Thomas, Patrick Jr., Joseph and
James Hughes. Mrs. William J. Bell Mrs.
Eward M. Wall and Mrs. John F. Sullivan,
a native of County Cavan. Ireland, aged 70
years.
IT7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attena the funeral Friday.
December 9, 1004. at 9:30 a.' m., from her
late residence, 781 Stevenson street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Jo- j
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem high :
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 a, m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ISAACSON — In this city. December 6 1904,
Kitty, beloved wife of Max Isaacson and
sister of John Deary, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years 11 months and 23 days.
JENSEN— In this city. December 6. 1904. Jens
H. Jensen, a native of Denmsrk aged 49
years. ,
LAUB— In this city. December 5. 1004. Frana
Joseph, dearly beloved and only son of '
Frank and Brigitta Laub. beloved brother of t
the late Theresla Laub. grandson of Mrs.
Catherine Engler. and nephew of German. \
Benedict and Catherine Engler. a native of
San Francisco, aged 20 years and 5 months.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 a. m., from the real-!
dence of his parents. 3577 Twentieth street, I
between Mission and Valencia, thence to St.
Anthony's Church, Army street, near Fol-
som. where a requiem high maas will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 a, m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LEACH— In Oakland. December 6. 1904, at 807
Chester street. James G.. beloved husband of
Jessie Leach, a native of New Hampshire, \
aged 65 years 3 months and 6 days. A mem-
ber of Myrtle Lodge No. 16. K. of P., of
San Francisco.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), December 8, 1904. at
2 p. m. at the residence of James Taylor.
! 1211 Clay street between Fourteenth and
1 Fifteenth. Oakland. *
MCCARTHY— In this city, December B 1004,
Octavla M.. wife of Michael McCarthy, lov-
ing daughter of George and Elizabeth
Leathe, and beloved sister of William W.,
Frank C. Herbert A. Leathe and Ovita J.
Hawes. a native of Benicia, Cal., aged 22
- years 4 months and 17 days.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors
of Gantner Bros., 1209 Mission street, be-
j tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to the
: Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, be-
tween Mission and Market, for services. In-
terment Cyprees Lawn Cemetery.
McGILLICUDDY— In this city. .December 6.'
1904. at his late residence. 1204 Howard
street. Eugene, beloved husband of the late
Mary McGHlicuddy. and father of Margaret
• McGHlicuddy, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland.
NODENSCHNEIDER*— In this city. December
5, 1004. Philomene, beloved wife of Michael
Nodenschneider, devoted mother of «Marle,
Jeanctte. Lucy. Alice and the late Emil
Nodenschncider. and sister of August Di-
dicr. . Mrs. Caroline Cazes. Mrs. Josephine
Sletz and Mrs. Cellna Pench, a native of
Balfour. France, aged 52 years 8. months and
1 day.
ItyVriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), December 7. at 12:30 p. m..
from her late residence. 1340 Folsom street,
between Ninth and Tenth, thence to the
Church of Notre Dame des Vlctoires. Bush
street, between Dupont and Stockton for
services at 1:30 p. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PATTON— In Alameda. December 6. 1901 Mrs.
I. P. Patton, widow of the late George Pat-
ton, and mother of Mrs. F. P. Condon of
Alameda, J. B. Patton of Mississippi, J. C.
Patton of Michigan. H. Patton of Stratford,
Canada, and .F. W. Patton of San Fran-
cisco, a native of Scotland, aged 78 years.
REPOSA — In Oakland. December 6. 1904. at
8I<7 East Twenty-flrst street. Joseph, beloved
eon of Manuel and Frances . Reposa. and
brother of Glora. Rose. Mary Ann, Mary,
John and Theresla Reposa a native of Hono.
lulu, aged 20 years and 8 months.
RICKARDS— In this city, December 6. 1904,
William J.. beloved husband of Nellie Rlck-
arda. father of Nellie C. and George W.
Rlckards, and brother of George J. Rlck-
ards. a native of San Francisco.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 12:30 p. m.. from his lii« I
residence. 216 Elm avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
Officers and members of Pioneer Council
No. 1. Y. M. I., are respectfully requested :
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
. William J. Rlckards, from his late residence. ;
. 216 Elm avenue, Thursday, December 8. at i
12:30 p. m. Fines for non-attendance will :
be strictly enforced. P. J. HAGAN, Pres.i
R. TOBIN. Sec.
RIVERO — In this city. December 6. 1904. Lucy,
,■■ beloved daughter of Mrs. Susie Rlvero, ' and
sister of Joseph Frank and Michel Rlvero,
a native of NUes. Cal.. aged 16 years.
ROOT— In Indlo, Cal., December 4. 1004, James
' Emerson Root, husband of Adelaide B.
Sawyer Root, a native of Bristol. Conn,,
aged 56 years. ■ '
SABIN— In Oakland. December 4. 1004. Fer-
dinand, beloved father of Mrs. Frank Brow-
ell. Mrs. Simon Nagel, Fred and William
Sabln, and beloved brother of Mrs. A. J.
Owen, a native of Massachusetts, aged 64
years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect,
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
in . this city to-day (Wednesday) at 1
p. m., at the funeral parlors of Valente. ]
Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton street, between
Green and Union. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
SPINNEY— In this city December 5. 1904,
Sarah Elizabeth widow of tha late George
R. Spinney, and mother of Mrs. William S.
Watson. Charles S., Emma A. and the late
George L. Spinney, a native of Boston,
Mass.. aged 71 years 11 months and 18 days.
(Boston. Mass., papers please copy.)
lETFuneral services will be held at 10:30
a. m. Wednesday morning, at the j residence
: of her daughter. Mrs. William S. Watson,
2816 Pierce street. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
TOLLE— In this city, December 6 1904. Henry
W. Tolle. a native of Germany, aged 68
, years. ,
UNDERWOOD— In Monterey, December 5.
1904. Charles Underwood, husband of Cath-
erine Underwood, and father of Alexander
] Underwood and Mrs. A. Brown of Monterey,
I, a native of New York, aged 76 years 8
months and 15 days.'
E7" Notice of funeral hereafUr. • '
UPDIKE— In this city. December 6. 1904. Em-
ma Kathcrlne, beloved wife of F. L. Updike
sister of Annie Wolf. Bertha' Stauble and
5 Lou and Mollle Jacobe. and brother of Christ
Phillip, Henry. Charley and Louis Jacobs,
a native of Minnesota, aged 32 years and tt
months. (Petaluma,, Cal.. St. Paul, Minn.,
Wlnnemucca and Reno, Nev.., papers please
copy.). •■
" JUVENILES IN TROUBLE— Oakland, Dec.
6. — Georse Ash, Charles Marshall and Arthur
Fredericks, boys of tender years, are in cus-
tody on charges of robbing . the till In M. L.
Stanley's shop, 029 Ninth etreet. Fredericks
:made a record recently by escaping from. the
County Jail., where he crawled through -the
window : bars, climbed over ■ the roof and low-
. ered himself to the ground by telephone wires.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
N C P C 5s. — — | Do g mtg4s 97% —
£L S * R R 5 s - ~ 0T lStkn G&EHs. 03 —
OG L&H 5a. — 110 IU G & E 5s 102% —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 fUR O f SF 4s. 87% S8
;:>;: water stocks.
Contra Costa — 30 iPort Costa...
Marin Co.... — 59%|S V Wat Co. 30Vi 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 314 4 |8 P O * B. 55>4 56
Mutual EL. — ll%|Slkn G & E. — 5%
Pae L Co... — €0Y*\V G & E Co. — —
BANIt STOCKS. 'p
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 |L P & A 152 —
Anglo-Cal .. — 00 |Mer Trust — 230
Bank of Cal. — 422%|Merch Ex...." 60 —
Cal Safa Dp.152 — |S P National —
First Natlonl — — i |,
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — , |Sav & L So.. — 100
Hum S A L. — —I Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.2S00
S F Sav U.610 676 |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — .200 | Presidio — 41
Geary — 40 |
POWDER.
Giant 62% 63%|Vigo"rlt — 4%"
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73 74 I.Makawell C. 83 S3&
Honokaa S C 17U 18 iOnomea S C. — 33
Hutch S P C 14% — iPaauhau S C 20% —
Kllauea. S C. — T t
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 85 87%|Oceanlc S Co. 6% 8
Cal T a A- — 99%|Pao Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Win« A. 70 — |Pao C Borx.157 —
MV& MtTm. 95 102 IPac S Tel Co. — 108%
BALES..
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Giant Powder Con 63 00
20 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar 73 78
60 Hutchlneon 8 P Co 15 00
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 14 87H
60 Paauhau S P Co 20 50
26 S F Gas & Electric 65 25
25 Spring: Valley Water Co 39 2*
25 Spring: Valley Water Co 39 12%
(3,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s.... 101 00
Street —
50 Marir. Co Water 60 00
$1,000 Sacramento El Gas A Ry 6s.. 101 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Honokaa S Co 17 CO
200 Hutchinson S P Co 14 75
65 Paauhau S P Co." 20 50
40 Spring: Valley Water Co 39 25
13,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6 per cent. 106 3714
$5,000 Oceanic S S Co 5 per cent 73 OO
$3,000 S F & S J V 5 per cent 119 J5
$5,000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mtge) 100 25
$4,000 Spring Valley 4s <2d mtge).... 100 00
$3,0CO United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 50
Street —
50 Callfornia-st Cabla R R 193 CO
$1,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent.... 113 75
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC Cs. — 100%|SF & NP 5s.ll2% —
B L Wat 6a. — 114% S P C R 4s. — 101
Cal NW 5s.. — 114%)S P Co 4%s. 99%10O%
M C Wat 5s.lOO — (Sun Tel 6«...114% —
Ris I Wksos — 106 | Do 5s 106 —
SF -Drdk 5s. 112 — |8uttr-st R5s.lO4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23% 25 |Gas Con A.. — 20
Amer Bis Co — 90 |Lon& SF Bk. — 58
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Mat Nav Co. 70 —
Cal GAECor. 50 61 Nev Nat Bk.20O —
C Jockey C1.110 — N Cal P Co. — 9%
Cal Powder.. 130 145 |Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 .Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I A T — 155 HOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak 60 67% Orpheum Co. — 16%
Chutes Co .. 5 6 PacC Cas Co-128 —
City A C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co. 106
Cyp L Imp.. 6 6% Paraf Paint.. 89 —
East Dynm.. — 875 Is F Drydock. — 65
DptPwd pfd. — 85 SF&SJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com ..40 — S J Wat Co.103% —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO & MTsrbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — l%1Swlss-A Bk..l20 —
Frnch-A Bk.lOfl — (Truck Elect.. 11 12%
Hono P Co.. 2S% 31WIUR InC pfd. 67 68
Do pool ..28 31 | Do com ... 17 —
SALES.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Cal Gas A Electric Corp.... 50 25
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Assd Oil Co Stock Trust Cert -34 ....
California-Standard 16 17
Forty 40 ....
Four 6rt • ....
Home ' .43 48
Imperial 16 50
Independence 33 3i
Monte Cristo 75 77%
Occidental of W Va OS " - 10
Oil City Petroleum 64 65
Sovereign 30 32
Superior 07 ....
Union 15 00
Miscellaneous*— •
Northern Cal Power 10 12%
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
11,550 Associated Oil, b 5 24
3,000 Associated Oil 24
100 Four Oil 5«
1,000 Occidental 9
10 Twenty-eight Oil 12 75
11 Twenty-eight Oil 13 CO
1,700 Junction 21
Afternoon Session.
Board —
750 Home 46
SCO Home 45
100 Four Oil 56
1,000 Independence S3
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE."
Following were the Bales on the 8an Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning i Session — Comstocks.
400 Andes '. 24|. 100 Hale & Norc.l 15
300 Con Cal & V.I 85. 100 Mexican .. 1 30
100 Con Cal & V.I 80| 200 Ophir ........2 S5
40O Chollar : . 1711200 Sierra Nev 61
200 Gould A Cur. 24| 200 Union Con 61
100 Hale & Norc.l (*|
Afternoon Session — ComstocKs.
3C0 Alpha ••• 10| 100 Savage 28 i
100 Belcher 231 100 Savage 271
200 Caledonia 431 ICO") Scorpion C8
'JOO Chollar 16| 300 Sierra Nev 621
200 Con Cal & V.I S5| 2C0 Silver Hill 61 I
100 Hale & Norc.l 151 :?00 Union Con.... 63
.".00 Mexican 1 30J ICO Yellow Jacket. 18
100 Potosl 17)
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 1° HlJulta 08 09
Alta •• 05 OTiJustice 09 12'
Andes 23 24jKentuck 02 0i\
Belcher 23 24lLady Wash ..02 Oil
Ho*'. & Belch.l 05 1 lOIMoxtcan 1 25 1 30 [
EfJIicn 21 21|Occldental ... 78 90
Caledonia .... 42 44|Orhir 2 95 3 05
Challenge ... 14 16iOverman 10 12 1
Chollar 15 H-IPotosl 17 IS
Confidence ... 85 tMVScorpion OS ioi
Con Cal & V.I 85 1 OOjSavage 27 ' 2S ,'
Con Imperial. 01 C2|Sep Belcher... 05 06
Co:i N* York.. fW 04|8f«rra Nev 51 52
Crown Point.. 17 ISISilver Hill 60 «2 I
Kureka Con.. — 50l?t. Louis — 07'
Exchequer ... 45 47| Syndicate .... 0* Off!
13. FItrra Nev 03 05 Union Con 62 fl-1 1
GouM & Cur. 24 25IUtah O7 09
II»le & Norc.l 15 1 20,'Yellow Jacket. 17 19
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCK3.
,., Morning Session.
100 Cent Eureka. 1 fi.*>l 400 Ray & O'Brien C»i
1000 Esprranza ... 01|2MM> Red Top 16
3C0 Goldfleld 612500 Red Top 17
1000 MacNamara . 2311000 Silver Pick ... 18
100 Mont Ton..l 67VillfHX> Ton N Star... 23
Afternoon Session.
200 Cent Eureka. 1 701 SCO Paymaster ... 04
700 Jumbo Ex .. 2011000 N Y Ton Con. 11
2000 MacNamara . 23J10OO Silver Pick ... 17
2000 Mont Ton..l 72%J20OO Vernal Mln ..11
600 Ray & O'Brien 071
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid. A 8k. I . Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nev.9 50 10 OOiTon Gold Mt. — 16
Mont Ton ...1 65 1 75IRescu« 05 07
Ton Ex-ton ..2 10 — ITon & Cal.... — 16
MacNamara . 21 231 Ray & O'Brien — 08
Ton Midway.. 35 — Paymaster ... 03 C4
Ton Belmont.. 74. 78 Esperanza. .... 01 02
Ton N Star... 23 — Gold Anchor.. — 21
Ton Ohio — 271 NY Ton Con. — 11
Weat End ... 14—1
Goldfleld. v • V 1 ;
Sandstorm ... 24 27|Goldfield 60 *
Red Top -17 18fKendall — 23
Goldfleld Mhk t5 — IBlack Butte ..23
Columbia .... 20 —I Blue Bull .... 15
Jumbo •• — f>2|Adams- 09 11
Jumbo Ex .., — 21 1 Silver Pick ... — is
Vernal Mln... 11 — iBrllfrog; Min.. 14 16
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
' Following . were the ' sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Bullfrog Mln. 5711300 Red Top . 17
500 Dixie Min ... 20i2r,00 Rescue ....... i<6
3384 Eeperanza ... 01 1 1000 Sandstorm ... 2%
400 Esp«ranza ... 02 1 If <W Ton Midway.. ,'!3
100 Free Gold M. 15i 800 Ton N Star 24
1000 Go'.dfleld Mln. v C4I2.V0 Ton N Star... 25
Afternoon Session.
350 C. Eureka.. 172% I 500 Red Top lit
50 Cent Eureka. 1 70l7!f!-> Rescue ...'.'. '.'. . ■ CO '
2000 Dixie Mln ... 2PlHrO Sandstorm ..'. •>-, ,
600 Free Gold-M. 15i.!10» Sandst irm ... v«
200 Goldfleld 'Min. 621 lfn Ton Hi.lway.. .;t| •
. BOO Goldfield Mln. 651 -1(« Ton N Ptar... 23 I
000 Jumbo ....... r<>. CCO Ton N Star. . . ' • 24 !
2500 Jumbo Ex ... IP:" 2C0 Ton N Star..'. 2';
' 100 MacNamara . 22|
CLOSING .QUOTATIONS.
: Bid.Ask.! - , Bld.Ask. \
Arlams ...... 10 — IMIzpfth Ex .. 12 j
r.'ack Butte.. 20 — !Mont Ton ...1701751
.Viu* EuII'M: — -.. ISIN'ev Goldneld.. 10 ■ — »
liiillfiog Min. 55 . 53iN;Y Ton Con. — 12 i
Columbia .... 20 —(Paymaster ... 03 04'
STUDENTS ASK
TO HAVE VOICE
3Ieet and Adopt Measures
Looking to Part Control
in University Questions
FACULTY OPPOSES PLAN
Professor Carey Appears
on Behalf of Affairs
Committee and Protests
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center street. Dec 6.
The students of the University of
California have decided that they will
take some measure of the control of
the general student body into their
own hands, and that they will have a
students' affairs committee to be com
posed of students. This was the out
growth of the meeting of the students'
committee to-night.
The first proposition that was ad
vanced to-night was that a certain
number of students be added to the
students' affairs committee of the fac
ulty. Professor Corey, president of the
stndents' affairs committee of the fac
ulty, was present, and said that this
could not be. The students' honor com
mittee then adopted a plan providing
for a students' affairs committee to be
composed of six members from the
student body, appointed by the asso
ciated students twice a year, this com
mittee to act as a court of first aDDeal.
In the case of misconduct on the Dart
of any student the students' affairs
committee of the student body will take
the matter up, and if the action of this
committee Is not satisfactory the fac
ulty committee will then handle the
case. It was originally intended that
the honor committee that met to-nisrht
would only cover the question of honor
in examinations, but the recent
trouble with Captain Nance made the
case take a broader ground, and by the
action of the students themselves it
now covers all conduct of students.
Plans will be adopted on Friday.
The members that met to-nisrht are:
J. P. Loeb. R. Lu McWilliam. R. Gab
bert. Earl D. White, Hugo Miller. L.
D. Bohnett, Miss Ann Thatcher. Miss
Nellie McCarthy and. Miss Flora
Frlckstad.
K-'.peranza ... 02 — |Ray Exten . . — 10
tier Gold II. 15 -Hay & O'Brien 04 10
Oc\i Anchor. — 20|Red Top 18 19
Goldfleld B Bl — 12|Resctie fc 06 07
Goldfleld Min. 61 62!Rothwell G M. — 50
Ooldfleld Mhk — 2Oi'Sandstonn ... 28 —
Gldfld Red "L — C»j3outh W M Co 60 1 00
Goldfleld S Pk — 18 1 Ton Belmont.. 77 78
Goldfleld Ton. — lllTon Cash Boy. — 12
Gold Mt Con. — C2Ton Ex 2 07*4 —
Hazel Kirk .. — 12 Ton & Gt W. — C2
Jim Butler .. M BS Ton Gold Mt. 16 17
Jumbo 58 59jTon Midway.. 36 37
Jumbo Ex ... 18 19[Ton of Nev.O 62H 9 75
Little Ton .. 85 — [Ton N Star... 23 24
Lucky Tom.. 02 061 Vernal Mln ..00 —
MacNamara . — 22iWe«t End .... — 20
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 6.
Annie Bowers to Man" I. Parkinson, lot on W
line of Tremont street. 175 S of Waller. S 25
by W 80: $10.
Mantle J. Gallagher to Michael Donahoe. lot
on X line of Jackson street. 1S2:6 E of Cherry.
E 30. N 122. SW 30. S 119: $10.
Rountree Home Building; Company to Pope
Estate Company, lot on W line of Shrader
street. 123 S Carl, S 25 by W 100; $10.
Pcpe Estat* Company to Rountree Home
Building; Company, lot on W line of Cole
street, 60 N of Grattan. N 100 by W 107 :3U;
$10.
Palmyre S. Cahn to Leopold MIchels. undi
vided U of lot, SW comer of Fifteenth and
Folsom streets, W 245 by S 300; $50.
Rosine. Leopold I., Julius I. and Mayer I.
Cahn, Palmyre I. Kickelsburg and Hattle I.
Lengfeld to same, undivided H of lot. same;
$50.
William Ede Company to Joseph Hutchln
eon. lot on W line of Mission street. 110 S of
Fifteenth, S CO by W 182; $10.
Augustus J. Ranken to William G. Spiegel.
lot on S line of Fourteenth street. 153 W of
Sanchez, W 25 by S ll6f$10.
Realty Improvement Company to Edwin W.
Schrader. lots 55 and 56 on Lyon and Hoag
subdivision, Mission Block 120; $10.
James Brown to John Dobson. lot on E lln«
of Diamond street. 197:6 S of Twentieth, E
125 by S 25: $10.
J. Cuneo Company to Isidor LlDtnan, lot on
W lino of DuDont street, 117:10 N of Cali
fornia. N 10:8 by W 137:6; $10.
James O'Connor to National Ice Company,
lot on SW line of Seventh street. SO XW of
Bryant. NW 25 by SW 85: $10.
Byron J. Clinch to Mary Babcock. lot on SB
corner of Twenty-second and Lake street, E
C5 by S 100; $10.
Laura C. Sanchez to Charles H. and Lizzie
L. Lane, lot on SE corner of Twenty-third
avenue and Lake street, E 25 by 8 100; $10.
James A. and Mary M. Beckett to James A.
Ryan, lot on N line of C street, 82:6 W of
Twenty-fifth avenue, W 25 by N 100; $250.
Robert I. Iberson to James P. Mulryan, lot
on N line of C street, 80:0 E of Ninth aventi*
E 26 by N 72; $10. •
Charles W. and Georgiana A. M. Wright to
American Loan and Trust Company, Outside
Land blocks 713, 881 and 804; $10.
S. Ducas Company to Clpriano and Eva Ce
sena. lot on SW line of Sixteenth avenue 73
NW of Q street. NW 25 by SW 10O. block
333. O'Nell & Haley Tract; $10.
Mary Bradshaw to Joseph G. and Eda R.
Assallno. lots 2 and 3, block 11, Sunnyvale
Homestead; ?10.
Emllie Gnauck (Rueger) to Gustav Gnauck,
lota 312 and 313. Sliver Terrace: $10.
Same to same, lots fit and 65; same; $10.
Joseph and Jennie A. Goodrich to S. Ducas
Company, lot on NW line of Woolsey street.
107 NK of Berlin. NE 26 by NW 100, lot 3.
block 10. University Mound: $10.
Abraham and Charles Rosensteln to same,
lot on W line of San Bruno road. 160 N of
Burrows street, N 25 by W 120, block 3. same;
$10.
S. Ducas Company to Nicolo Moreci and Sal
vatore Piazza, lot on N line of Bessie ave
nue. 258 W of Folsom street, W 25. N 80.32.
SE 25.04, 8 74.67, lot 16, Ducas Tract: $10.
Nicolo Moreci to Salvatore Piazza, partition
deed as to division of same lot on N line of
Bessie avenue, 258 W of Folsom street W
12:6. N 77.405. E 12.52. S 74.67; $ .
Salvatore Piazza to Nicolo Moreci. lot on
N line of Bessie avenue. 270:6 W of Folsom
street, W 12:6. N 80.32, B 12.62. S 77.495;
Builders' Contracts.
Golden Gat* Construction Company (owners)
with William Snook & Son (contractors), archi
tect Henry A. Schulze — Plumbing, sewering
and g&s fitting for a five-story and basement
brick warehouse and factory building on the
S corner of Howard and Spear streets SB
137:6 by SW 137:6; $4162.
Anders W. Werner (owner) with I*. G. Berg-
Ten (contractor). architect — All work for
a six-room and basement frame bulldln~ on
the SE line of Athens street. 300 SW of China
avenue. SE 200 by SW 37:6; $1700. »
Alex Crowe (owner) with Joseph Wilson
, (contractor), architect Joseph Wilson — Car
penter work, plastering, plumbing, painting
and concrete foundation for a one-story and
basement frame cottage on the S line of
I Church street. 200 E of Twenty-fourth, E 25
by S ICO; $1S76. t
Simon and Bridget Shannon (owners) -with
B. Martin (contractor), architect B. Martin —
Ail work except mantels, shades, gas fixtures
and water connections for a three-story fram»
building on the E line of Folsom street, 85 N
of Twpnty-flrst. 23 by 29: $5750.
E. L. Verrault (owner) with Maeer Bros,
(contractors), architect W. O. Banks — All
work for a three-story frame building with
concrete foundation on the N line of Jackson
street. 16T. W of Hyde. — 27:6, K 137:6, E
27:6. S 137 :«; $6250. ;.' ;
IiATE SHIPPING IXTJvLIilGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. Dec 6.
Schr Mary Etta. Wetrel. 4 days from Iver
sens Landing.
Schr Albion. Olsen, 2S days from Sluslaw
R>v?r.
Br jtmr Wellington. Cutter. SO hours from
Ladysmith.
SAILED.
i , » Tuesday. Dec 6.
I Stmr National City. Hammer, for Fort
Bran*.
Stiir Rcdondo. Ktck. for Astoria.
UEMORANDl'lft
. Per nchr Albion — Cn Ncy 2. off Cap« Blanco,
i In a heavy SE gal*. twUtipii the rudder head.
• Per sch Albion — On JCov 14. at 11 a. m.. latl-
I tude 42:24 N. longitude 12."i:".0 W, passed a b!g
• ball of ambergris, about 110 pounds: brought
I /vessel around, but could not find it on account
1 of a heavy sea
WELL REMOVE CHILDREN
FROM INDIAN SCHOOLS
EL PASO. Tex.. Dec. «.— Ovrlng to
many reports of mistreatment and in
terference with their religion, which
It is claimed have been received her©
by parents whose children were latelv
after arranging: for the release of sev
eral hundred children who were llll
there from El p aso . wil , lat e p r r e * e £5
steps to have others removed from the
Government institution In • California!
STATEMENT
CONDITION" AXD AFFAIRS
OF TUB
ROCHESTER GERMAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ROCHESTER. IN THE STATE OT NEW
York, on th» 31st day or December. A. IX
1903. and for the year ending on that day. as
mad* to th» Insurance Commissioner of tha
Stats of California, pursuant to th« provisions
of sections 810 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed aa per blank, furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
to Cash I200.COOM
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $2ft7.S10 91
Loan* on Bonds and Mortgages.... 323.347 10
Cash Market Valus cf all Stocks
and Bonds Owned by Company.. 643. 523 CO
Cash la Company's Of flea 1.616 00
Caah in Banks 201.234 CS
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7.137 53
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8.283 63
Premiums in dus Course of Col-
lection 122.61389
Total Assets gl.flC5.eS3 U
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,313 29
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 00.339 2X
Losses resisted. Including expenses 12.438 44
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $733,-
808 IS; reinsurance SO per cent.. 388.949 C9
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks run-
ning more than one year. $633.-
842 2S; reinsurance pro rata 6S3.S13 S3
Commissions and Brokerage duo
and to become due. 543 54
Total Liabilities $333. «W 04
IXCOMB. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,029,878 2T
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 17.361 «T
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 28.072 00
Received for Rents lS.esi 84
Total Incom* $1,088,901 78
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $71,297 27, losses of pre-
vious years) $423,005 OT
Dividends to Stockholders 30,000 0O
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 801,139 01
Paid for Salaries, Fees) and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 30.313 SS
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 2S.4301*
All other payments and expendi-
tures 86.8S7 14
Total Expenditures $302.715 34
Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during 1 the year. . .$422,336 33
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the!
year 1*110,629.240 $1,477.409 23
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 05.363,906 1.233,186 89
Net amount in force
December 31. 1003.. 117.606,428 1.427.740 48
FREDERICK COOK. President.
H. F. ATWOOD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 234
day of January. ISO*.
EDWARD H. GEHRKE. Notary Public
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager.
GEO. W. BROCKS, /sst, Manager.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
323 California Street
San Pr an clsco.
Balfour, Guthrie & Co., Pacific Coast Dire dors
trarrnro states bbakch
STATEMENT
CONDITION" AM) AFFAIRS '
OF THE
CALEDONIAN INSURANCE
COMPANY
OF EDINBtrRGH. ia the Kingdom of Or**«
Britain, on tha 31st day of December. A_
D.. 1903, and for tb« year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the- provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Cods.
condensed as per blank furnished by to* Com-
missioner, i
ASSETS
Real Estate owned by Company.. 1433,157 It
Cash Market Valu* cf all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . M7.90O 00
Cash, in Company's Offlo* 433 1O
Cash in Banks 130.933 73
Interest due and accrued oa an
Stocks and Loa&s 12.443 53
Premiums In da« Cotirs« of Col-
lection 123.623 80
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marin* Risks S87 93
Du« from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 023 04
Due from other Companies 8. 90S 81
Total Assets .tl.T54.833 01
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $31,841 43
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 87.199 83
Losses resisted, including: expense* 6.421 54
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnc on* year or l«ss. $770.-
801 31: reinsurance SO per cent.. 8S3.40O M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks nia-
ntns more than one year. $874.-
S91 22: reinsurance pro rata.... 4*2. 44*5 If
All other Liabilities 29.W3 US
Total Liabilities $892.723 OS
INCOME. ===5=i
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,O«J.ST1 14
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources M.T27 M
Received for R«nts 22.666 25
Total Ineoma $1,124,764 39
EXPENDITURES. - r3
Net amount oaid for Flr» Losses
(Including $101,464 00. losses of
previous years) $RSO,439 99
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 246.3S9 SS
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 82.313 05
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 25..1OO <OT
All other payments and expendi-
ture Rfl.851 10
Total Expenditures $361,313 13
Fire.
Losses Incurred durlnr t*« year.. SM0.M* flT
Risks and Premiums. |F1r«» Walts. J Premiums.
Net amount of Risks] I
written during thef f
year : . . . '?132.005.32e:$l 478.S97 ST
Net amount of T:i«k.= j '
expired during the! |
year ( 130.083.7261 1.443.W3 «T
Nrt amownt in force! |
December 31. 1003. .| 137/06,720! 1.645.792 83
rilAS. I?. POST. 17. S. Mana«?r.
N. A. MCNEIL. Assistant Manager.
SrbscribM and swom to before me this
26th day of January, 19O4.
H. F.. FRAMCK.
Notary Public.
THOS; J. cirOY, ur Bas7i
6*0 W. BROOK*, /sst. Manager.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
323 California Street
San Praaclsco.
Balfaur, Gulhrie & Co., Pacifis Coast Director*COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Jl'all-sircet Stocks from I to 3 points lower.
topper and Cotton both lower, the former 4 points.
Loral Stocks and Bonds continue to quid doivnC
lllicat and Wheat Freights quiet and unchanged.
A^f tnifc/i ranahon m Stkrr and Exchange rates.
Barley. Oats, Corn and Rye quiet. Flour in fair demand.
Bran firm, Hay weak and Beaus dull.
Large stock of Potatoes ytill on the market. JDnions higher.
Poultry and Game in large supply and zirak.
J : mit market still overstocked with Apples and Oranges.
Xo further changes in Dried Fruits and Raisins.
Provisions quiet and weak at the recent decline.
Hides and Leather firm, with prices advancing.
Wool well cleaned up and firm. Hops dull and Itnccr.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs continue io point upward.
Linseed Oil marked up 4c per gcllon.
Stock* and Cotton.. !
' The New York wire of E. F. Hutton * Co.
yiejerday said:
■ STOCKS— AIark'1 was irregular and strong
«*xly io-<lay and there was steady selling and
in the afternoon a general violwit selling:
rroveracst caused a. very sharp break from
which there was only a flight rally at the
com. Amalgamated Copper was under pres
*-re and ssffexwa one of the sharrwst breaks
cf the day. much of the soiling coining from
J-Ofton. probably from Thomas Lawson. Tn«
.inarket closed with a flight rally.
L«*sor.'« vicious attack on copper in the
Tress throughout the country Induced heavy
telling in this stock, which affected the entire
market adversely. The market was in shape
•or & reaction and the only surprise it It has j
r.ot come before to-day. Conditions under- I
Ijrlnc 'he stock market and causing the im
provement we have had. however, continue
sound. The volume of business throughout the
'country In al! line?, as reported by mercantile :
.«^enci<*s and evidenced by the large increase I
In the c'<ar:n?s «c"k after week, would indi
cate Ther.- Is? much basis for an advance lu
the stork market. The speculative position
may be ■uiuealiat impaired by the accumula
tion of 6tocks by certain interests. Money
• or.::r.:.'5 chejp and in abundance. Considering
ttM above fact'. we feel a reasonable setback
:n rto'.-ks would Improve the position and work
much to bring about materially higher prices.
The action of the market to-day would Indi- r
cat* low* r quotations, and for a time the mar
ket may halt. We advise purchases on mi»
bads. !
OJfTTON— The principal feature which fle
vclojx-J to-day was the subsidence of the re-
r 'W demoralization, not only among holders
la the South, but also in the local trade. Llv- '
erpool His the only market which showed any
►erious effect* from the disturbing Influence of
th» (Jcvcrcinent crop estimate. The market
vannoi. be expected to recover so readily after
haling sustained such a. series of heavy trip
hammer blows as it has received from the very
Parish gir.rers" reports and the Government
tron estimate, suggesting a crop far away be
>en<J what the trade had looked for.
It lo^ks :ts though the market would settle
aroeBd ~c for the near months and 7*£c fcr
•h. Kunmer months until the attituis of
Southern holders and spinning interests be
ecrae more clearly defined.
•
The Weather and Crops.
The meekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
-director cf the climate and crop aervtce of
the Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weather during the week was generally
clear and cool in all parts cf the State, with
Tegs in the eoa*t districts. Light rain fell
In nearly all sectic*s. Forests were frequent
- In Um central and northern., sectiou, Lut
■caused ~o carnage.
A lair* acreage of grain l-.as been sown in
the central and northern districts and plowing ]
and seeding are still in progress. Early. grain I
continues in excellent condition and is making
rapid growth. In the southern districts the
soil has tx^n too dry for profitable cultivation
and but little (rrzin has been planted. The '
recf-Et bho-A-ers in Southern California were too
Sight to be of material benefit. Green feed is
plentiful in all sections except the south, and
cattle ere in good condition. The corn crop
is all gathered.
hi ecial reports on the orange and lemon
crops have been received from the different
sections of the Stat*. The season has been
unusually favorable for these crops !n the Sac
ramento ani San Joaquin valleys and in the
*~!ov»rT5ale <li£tri<"t. but rather unfavorable in
.Hcutbern California. There have been no In- ]
jurious froets nor high winds to damage the
fruit or trees, but in the south the scarcity
of rain has had en injurious effect In nearly
all districts ar.d the crop will he considerably |
lesfc th?n last seasons. In the Porterville. ,
Oroville ard Clovcrdale districts the. oranges
are of excellent quality and the crop Is fully
up to average. Picking and shipping are in
jrogress Jn most places. Vineyard and orchard
prunlnr have commenced.
SACJUMEXT'i VA LLEY.— Generally clear
»rd cool weather prevailed during the we*k,
vith light fr<">st«. which caused no damage.
JJcht r*ln !ell Wednesday and Thursday. The
•ea>on has been unusually favorable for citrus
truits. oranges liaving colored satlsfactotily
And lrtnon trees being heavily laden with ex
cellent fruit. No damage has been done to
♦Ither cror by fro«t* or high winds. Orange
picking and thliTlng are progressing rabidly.
The yj«>ld and quality are fully average. Grain
continues in good condition and Is making
rand growth. '• "lowing and heeding are pro
■*fret>in*. Tasturage Is abundant and of good
<iua!Jt> la all sections and cattle are In prime
coalmen.
COAST ANT) BAT SECTIONS.— Th* tem
perature was nearly nnrmaJ and the weather
k<nen.l!y clear during the week, with fogs In
the" ccurt rfisiricts and light to heavy frosts
In raany places. L>lght shower* fell In nearly
all districts and were very twn<-flcial in the
■couth. Killing frost occurred at 1'eachland on
.the 3d but caused no damage. A Urge acre
age cf irrain has been sown in the central
and northern sections and about the usual
•acreage will be planted in the south. Much
of the c ■.:■.. Is up and making rapid growth.
with indications of a large crop. Plowing and
mr~&\r.g continue. Pasturage Is plentiful In
»<ost pis'-** ari cattle, are la good onditlon.
*I» rc:n rroj- hc*< aM been harvested. Oranges
•t Clo«u'jile f.n 1 Peachland are coloring and
.vilj soon b» ready for picking; the outlook is
rood for a large crop. The olive crop at Clo
•verdale !s unusually large. Pruning has com
tat*rv4 In vineyards and - orchards.
FAN JOAQCIX VAJ.LKT.— Cool and parti*
rloudy weather prevailed durir.g the pa*t
« - «^k. .with rwcasional fogs in the morning.
Ucht fenst* were reported from some sec- i
tlon«. tri caused no damage. Plowing and
t-t+Glni: ■ «er.tinue In the northern portion of |
the valley where the ground is in fairly good
condition to work, but In the central and
ftfnithem portion* it is most too dry for farm-
Ing operations. Rain Is badly needed In all
eections. Gr^en feed and early sown grain are
looking fairly good. Feed is plentiful and
stock are hraSthy and in good condition. Large
shipment!: of orange* and lemons continue to
Eartern markets. The oranges are particularly
rood this* season; of large sire, excellent
quality and very ripe for this time of the
year. Irrigation water is plentiful.
P'irTIIKRS CALIFORNIA.— The weather
was- cooler than during the preceding week
and, partly cloudy toward the close, with light
rain in snac K-r'.ion*. The rainfall at La
;■'-■■* on tlv 2d was .::<5 of an Inch and was
the first since October fl. Oranre and lemon
Richards art showing the lack of moisture and
Irrigation water is becoming low.'. In the On-
T*rio district it is reported:/ "Orange pack
ing of holiday fruit Is in progress; the quality I
nf the fruit is v<ry good, but the crop is esti
mated £* less than last year." A correspond
ent, at Covina reports; "Oranges show the
j-r^d of moisture. The crop will b» about
half of that Of last season. No oranges are I
»i<*'.;n: ♦Juj-j^ed for holiday trade." At San '
Ij'.pco and Anah/Im orange* ar» coloring I
slowly, vlxtnons are reported in fair condition
Very little farm work is being done owing to
the drvness of the soil and pasturage has al
most f*il«l.
. LOS- ANGELES SUMM ART.— Oranges are
coloring t-lov.-ly in the northern and coast dls- I
ir;<-ts; holiday shipments will be light. In the )
'.r.urior thry are well colored and much sweet- I
er than usual ct this time of the year; shlp
•nents are brisk for holiday trade and pros- '
pects for season are very encouraging. ■
«n'REKA St'ilMART. — Weather during the
pMfct w«-k very favorable for farm work.
Plowing and planting oats progressing satis
factorily. Grwn ft*>d at this time of the year
was never belter. Stock are In fine condition;
U:» flow of milk Is unusually heavy. j
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money 3Larket.
NEW YiiKK. Dec. «. — Clos*: Money on
c*lt. «te»«i»\ ::r,r.;i\ per cent; closing bid, 21^:
offen»d. Z%. .
Tlrr.? Joans. re»y: eixty c days, ninety, days
«t«! mix tncnthE. S*££4 p*r c^nt.
Prir»r mTtantfle r^«T»w. . Ht <?« ' IW cent.
Btrrilrp txchacfie, firmer, with actual busl-
I ness in bankers' bills at $4.S*>3064.M>35 for de
mand and at J4.S37Ofl4.SC75 for sixty day bUls.
Posted rates. $4 "I'* and $4 87©4 s7' ; .
Commercial bills, $4 S3@4 84>i.
Bar silver, R9%c.
Mexican dollar*. 48c.
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. I>ec. (5.— Individual stocks
made volatile advance* to-day, but they were
of a character less Impressive to stock mar
ket 6*ntl:nent than some of those that have
shot up in tl'e recent past. There were also
fewer cf them. The Instability of other recent
favorites at the altitude to which they have
i teen forced clso caused wrnw 1 suspicion of
I the«c movements which culminated In the vio
lent bre&ck in prices at the last. Speculators
whj have bourht stocks recently in the hope
that they would hit up the one that was to
enjoy the next movement of this description
or those who have ho;wd that the whole mar
ket would be carried along by sympathy with
the strength of specialties »re beginning to
reflect their disaiipointmetit by seeking; to sell
out. The general level of the market has
been refD^r.sive to tbe advancing tendencies
for several day« past and the steady proflt
taking at different points throughout the. list
ha« caused the fear that a reaction is at
hand. News of «reneral conditions does not
offer en explanation for a decline in stocks
■ except for the reason that prices may have
b**n sushed higher than was warranted by
actual improvement in conditions. There was
some remaining disquiet this morning over
newly resumed gold exports, but the easier
tone of money, both for call and time loans
made solicitude on this subject seem mis
placed. No borrower* seem disposed to take
!ra:.s» at present rates except for short pe
riods and th« av»rage rate for call loans to
day f*ll to 3>i per cent. Sterling exchange
was firmer here and lower In Berlin while
the price of gold advanced In London, but
the export of gold Is regarded as a transaction
ur.irfluenced by exchange.
Ther* was a disposition among the traders
to ascribe the dull and nealected state of
the market tr> a Jf sire to await the • Presi
dent's message. Tne hour after the mesnage
appeared was the strongest period of the day's
market and resulted In a fairly comprehen
sive advance to above last night 1 * level in the
standard stocks which had hung back up to
that time.
It was after an interval of hesitation that
the market broke to the extreme, low level.,
which was modified only by the scramble ' of
room shorts to take profits, causing sudden ral
lies.' This scramble of shorts gave rise to the
j supposition that .the break was due to a con
certed raid, especially on Amalgamated Ccp-
I per In which tbe. attack was tru/nDeted ■ by
: advance advertising. " Others attached ira-
I portance to the discussion which arcae of
I the President's recommendation of authority to
j the Interstate Commerce Commission to fix
; railroad rates, although »rae such suggestion
| has come from the railroads themselves, a*
the only means to do away with the anti
trust law provision against agreement on rates.
By others It was inferred that the studied
ignoring of the subject of the tarifT In the
message was to be accepted as an Intimation
of a special message on the subject and a
probable adveracy of a revUlon. >
Bends were steady. Total sales. I4.5C0.000.
United States bonds were steady.
New York Stock iLst.
E. F. Hatton & Co.. 490 California street.
Sen Francisco, members of the New York
&:ock .Exchange, turnieh the tollowlng official
uuitation* of that Kxchange:
Ealtt.| STOCKS. |HighjLow.| Bid.) Ask.
| 158,200,'AmaJg Copper ..| MHi 76% j~77% j~78
I Do pfd I ; sat; 6&4
2.800. Am Car & Fy Coj 34*i 33% 33»J 34
•«* Do pfd | «a | 1.2VSJ »2W1 W/i
5 "^ :Al^ Cottoa o »'» 37% I 3<J 3«% 3»£
«X>\. DOPM *« i 95% W» 97*
Um Dist Tel | | 37 371
_5"0Am Express .... 212*4 |21H4 ,211 215
o«xi0(Am Gr Twine Coj lSVii 10 m 12 I 12^i
4.7ow:Am Hide & L...1 11%| i u tJ 1o% n i*
7.000 Do pfd 48>% 46V« 47i*| 47 i*
1.800 Amice gij h* S i! 8»!
1.400, Do pfd 89 I 88. 38*4 3h%
,Am Linseed 1 J7 isu
I bo pfd 33 41?;
4,e<X>jAni Locomotive. 3514 1 34 14 34S! 34>«!
i.dopm j. ..:.)...:. iciS 103
An Malt 7Vi 6 6% 6'i
P.W0 Do Pfd 28% 26*, 27% 1»
fc.OOO Am SnifU Co 81% 81 Sl 2 bl%
I Do pfd { 112T4 113
23,200^01 Sugar 150%ll474H47S 148
400| Do pfd 140 1133 jl.-ss 141
100. Am Tel & T Co. 44 43 «i 43 44
Urn Tob pf<J ft3 gnu
loo, Am Woolen ... 23 1« 23 22*1 l£l
.......( Do pfd jm' I 95
l,»00; Anaconda 112 111H HI U2»4
jAnn Arbor 34 37
I Vo pfd 64 «8
10,20CiAT&SF 88% 87>i WU 87»i
1.3001 Do pfd 1034 10.1 Ifl3 I103U
Cft.Ooo^Balt & Ohio 101 % 09% 100% lOrt'.I
i^B^^.:::::::. 0 ?^.^ Egm
(Brook I'n Gas.' 218 1222
6.600,Bruns D A I 12H 11U 11U il!
SOOButterick Co ... G4% 63 63 C4U
...... . t 'Canada Southern 70»; 71 it
1.300 ,Canad Ian Pacific 134% 132% 132* 133%
6 '«£'C I* O |50% 49* 4»HI'«£
600.C & A I | 40 I 4.1*4
Do pfd I I . 80 I S3
i.«00!C*aW 24% 23% 23% 23%
I Do pM A 67 72
3O0j Do pfd B 36 36 35%! my,
I D:> debs 88H 89 '
400 C & N W 21OU.2IO 20S2'210
lT.OOOIC M & St P....|l758i'173i' t73H 174
»X»i Do pfd I1S5 184 H 184 185
14.2fK);c RUP (new)! 30'4 35^ 35
1.700! Do pfd |M4 83* B8U Kl2
2,U»<> Chicago Term...! 14>4 14 " 13*4 14
1.800! Do pfd ....... I 25^ 24«i 24ii 25
4,1-CO'Chi Un Traction 13 12% 12H 13
I Do pfd... I ■ <m 42U,
C. C, C & St I,.J 90 91
_Do pfd no 115
Cleve, Lor •& Wl 70 R0
Do pfd 1 90 120
2,400 Colo Fuel & Iron] r>7>$ 54 54^ 55
IS. SCO! Do pfd i .' > 82 933£
4,000'Col. Hock & C I 19% 18% 1HK 18%
lOOlColcrado .South.. 22^ 22U 22 2">K
fiOOj Do IK pfd.... 59 J 5SW C814 C9'
aCOj Do 2<J pfd..... 34 "3.T54! 33»4 34«
2.300!con9olidate<l Gas 213»4 212 211% 212 7
JCon Tob Co pfd: I2»y 130>A
1 2.fi00'Corn Products... 23 . 23% 23 23U
1.200| Do pfd R0% 79% 7fl«i 80
S.sroiDeU & Hudson, lftoy. 1R7H IR7% 1R8
MKt D, L. & W !35» |358 350 359 •
.'XWiD & R 0 34 XI .t2l&| 33
»fK>|. Do pfd KX 87 U, m _.R8
2,400'Des M * Ft D.. 27 24% 25 25%
JDetrolt Un Ry 7»Vi 79%
400; Detroit Southern 7 7 6% 7k
Do pfd 29 2fi% 2R»4 29%
2,600'DlsUlllng: Sees... 39% Sd% 39U 39%
! I Do bonds .79% 80
300 Duluth. S S & A 13% 13 12% 13%
6001 Do pfd 24% 24% 23% 24%
ftS.lOOErie 41 39*4 •"»% 39%
3«/tC0{ Do 1st pfd.... 77 74% 75% 76
4.&00 Do 2d pfd 58% 57% 5(1 67%
E & T H.. «0 63
Do pfo 1 .... 80 83
1,400 General Electric. ! 188 - 1&S%
!Gt Northern pfd. ..:... .....J218 220
... [Green Cons Cop I .14^ 34%
'Havana Tob Co. 35 36
I Do pfd 44% 4«
500, Hocking Valley. .94 9V DO - 93
1.900 Do pfd. 03 02 93 84%
COO'lHInols Central.. 157*i 156% 156% 156%
18,9f4>!lnterntl Paper.. 2-"J 21 V> 21% 22
l.OOOi Da pM 78% 78«J 78 78%:
l.OOo Interntl Puwer.. 65% 61 64% C5
Jlnterntl Pump.-...; 39 .40"
1 Dopfd '..'.. ..... 85 88
2,400!lowa Central 31 3O>4 30% 3!
1,700]. Do pfd........ 57 « 56 50 57
Kanawha & Men ..... ..... 38 40
SOOlKC.FtS & M pfd 82% 82% S2".i 82%
<I00iK C Southern .; . h'r.-. 29«i 29%
300 Do pfd........ 51% 51% 51 r.2
... IKeokuk & Dea M .....|..... 16 j 18 '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY; DECEMBER 7, 1904:
ll^aclcde Gas pfd I 03 97
400,Lake Erie & W. 41 39 38 41
Do pfd 100 103
Long Island | | I 51 52»i
16.200 L & X il47% !•»% 1-»V l**%
1.500|Manhattan jlOS ICT'i 1«7^ lC"i%
Manhat Beach 9\b 11
3,300 Metrepol Secu .. 82 .Sly. 81% 81%
7,400 Metropol St Ry.. 124% 123 ' 123 123%
B.900 Mexican Central. 22% '22 21 T i 22>i
Minn & St L ..... C2 <14
Do l*t pXd «2 9S
700lM StP&S S M.. 91 JWty 90% 0014
700| Do pfd 147% 140H U3 146^
2,200,Mo Kan & Tex. 34% 34 33;i 34
3.400 Do pfd CA'A «4 64 «y»
2tl,500|MlFBOUrt Pacln>. Ill 110 HOVs HO'i
l.OOOjNash C & St L14G>~il4ti 146 147
e.400!Xational Lead.- 25^ 24^ 24% 24*4
S>00 I>o Pfd OS 07'-'. 07 '4 98
jXRR of Mex pfd 42 42
300:Xntior.al Biscuit 5bMt 54% 55% 50
i Do pf<l 115 11«>4
"(WIN .1 Central ... 194 103 192 101
1.300) N Y Air Brake. .il62 7 i 100 102 1G2VJ
IX Y Central 139% HO
COO X Y C & St L. IDTif 4S'i 45 4U
Do 1« pfd 112 120
800 j Do ?d pfd ... 77". 77 "616 W
N Y Dock .I 12H 13»6
IXY N H & Hart l'J7% 1"S
4.7OO|X Y Ont & W.. 44% 41% 43% 41%
13.9tX>jXorfolk & A\>?t 77U 75% 7« 7O',i
Do pfd »0 -9*
1.000 Xorth Amerlran. 103',i 102H, 102% 103
Xorthern Pecu 122^123
Omaha 134 158
Do pfd 100 195
!o S H 4» !<>•»% tjg
SUOiPaclnc Coast ... 77% 77 "«•■» «'?a
Do 1st Dfd- | •>» !
| Do 2d i>fd 81% 83%-]
2,: j .00j Pacific Mail .... 4UU 45 44", «
73.500 Penn R R Co... 139%jl3S',4 138* 13Stf
O.lOolPeopie'* Ga.« ...111% 110 HOVi 111
V.mPCC&StL... 70!<, 78 78 .78%
400 Do Pfd 107 10<J 105 lOfl
2, 100 ! Pressed S Car.. 40-i 39V4 39*4 30% .
2001 Do pfd 01% 81 9" „?$ !
Pullman Car Co 2-W 211
l,300|Rv Steel Spy Co 32% :i2H, -12^ 32% j
800 "Do pfd '.l^'i 0-1 »•' »* , |
11.000 Reading 82U 79Vs &»% 801*
300 Do 1st pfd ... 91 91 90% 91 j
WO Do 2d pfd ... 83% «2% 82 82% ;
1.3oORepublic S & I. 17^ 16% 10% 1«T» I
2.200 Do pfd 70% «3Vi «9V* 09%,
8,100 Rubber Goods .. 29!» 2SVa 28% 29 j
| Do DM fl 5V4 0«V4 '
SOOfS Shef S & I Co fil 61 601* 61 ;
Do Pfd 102 IOC i
St J & G I [.. 1« 17',6
! Do let pfd ...' ■*«<•• 68
! Do :m p'<i . • ■' < — "
100jStI>& SF let pfd| | | 77%| 78%
1.0C0 * Do 2d pid .... 6S%i lis-.,, U, ...
2.50oSt L. & \V 28U 27 j &i%] 2T
ft.400l Do pfd fiO"4 59 59 i 59 'i :
24.400;Southern Pacific. H6?4 W^i I 65% Kt>\ '■
So Pac pfd ....117% 117 ill7i4 117% j
28.4CO'Southern Ry .'!7U 35"^j 30"^ S6>4
2.400 Do pfd 97 95T^ 05 1 ,-: 0<i ;
Standard Oil .| '6.JH 640 ;
2f;0;stand Rope & T.. 4 3% I 3U 4 1
6,500;Tenn Coal & Iron "0 1 * 74^ 743i 7."> i
4.N-0.Tex P L. T Co. 38 40 ',
iThird Ave 131 133
4,C00;Tol, St L & W.. 37 '4 35»i 36% 37
2,900 Do pfd 56>4 54U
100 Twin City R T. . 107Vi 107»» 10«»,4 107V>i
Un Bag & Paper 11V* 12 ,
Do pfd 74 75
46.5001 Union Pacific .. 115H 113% 114 114U
SCO Do pfd 95Vi 05 95 05 Vi
U PConv 4s 113>4 H3V4
tL'nited Copper ..1 15 15 T^
lUnlt Rds of S F. .23 23^
Do pfd 68 C8^ .
1.9H0 U S C Iron P.. 20% 19H 19% 10»4
8,500 Do pfd 79% "814 76% 7«Vj
U S Express 120 125 !
218.200JU S Leather .. 19% 17 17 17^'
34.S00 Do pfd 1O4V; 1O."{ 103 H l«l%
2.700JU S Rubber ... 33% 327$ 32% 33^
I Do pfd B2H 94 '■
55,7OOjL" S Steel Cor.. 32% I 31H 31% 31% '
42.400 Do pfd 94:* 9-5% 93% 95% .
2.200 Va-Car Chem Co. 44 I 42 42 42Vj
8O0| Do pfd 113%I113U 113 114. ,
1.100 Wabash 23% 23 23 23%.
2,200 Do pfd 40% 45H •*•">% * r '% '
Do d*b Bs 69 09% I
Wells-Farso Ex 244 249
200 We?tem Union .. 92^4 92U 92% 92% I
5C0IWesttn!fhouse .. 183 182Vi 1*2 183 ;
I Do 1st pfd 194 1964
400 W & L, E 20H 20 20 20>a |
l,9O0! Do 1st pfd ... 47 V> 46 45 4«
200J Do 2d pfd .... 28 " 27*4 27 28 j
IKX> Wisconsin Cen .. SiVi 23 23% 2.1 U 1
1KW| Do pfd 47 4C% 4OV4 47
1.3S6.900 total ebare« sold. . -
Xen York Bonds.
U S ref 2a r*-g. .llH"*|I, & X unified 4s. 10::
Do coupon I' ■»•',) 1 Man con sold 4s. 105 .
Do 3s res 104^iMex Central 4s 7ti*i
Do coupon 104Val Do 1st lnc 24
Do new 4s reg.l3O)4iMlnn & St L 4s.. 97
Do coupon 131 IM. K & Texas 4s.l00%
Do old 4a reg.105%! Do 2dn 86 j
Do coupon 100%!Xtt of Mex con 4s SIT*
Atch gen 4a 102%tN Y C gen 3^s. .ICOii ',
Do adj 4s 94 :X J C Ken 5s 1MK
Atlantic C L to Ml % I Nor Pacific 4s 105 W ,
Bait & Ohio 4S..10.-JM,! Do 3 B 75 U i
Do 3#s 9rt%!Xor & W con 4s.lOO% !
Central of Ga ' "I.VOSL 4s & partic.103%
Do 1st lnc 91 iPa conv &%s 103 u, i
Ches & Ohio 4Us.lO7%lReadlnir gen 4s... 102% !
Chi & Alton 314s. 8214 S L, & I M con 56.115U,
C. B & Q new 4s.l00 IS \, & S F fg 4s. 89% '
C.M * SP gn 4s.llOTi|St Louis SW lets. 07%
C & NW ron 7s. 128*; (Seaboard A L. 4s. R5 I
C. R ! & Pac 4s. S1 14 1 So rf.elRc 4s fl:{->4' ]
Do col fis 94<i!So TiHilway 5s 120 I
; C.C.C & SL*n 4s.H>i i-i.Tex & Pac Ists..ll9'i ',
: Chi Term 4* SS # Tol. St Ty & W 4s. 83 H '
Cons Tobacco 4s. 84 , Union Pacific 4s.lO« j
, Colo & So 4s 89% 1 Do conv 4s 113»4 I
C F & I con 5s. 87 li; S Steel 2d 5s.. 92% 1
: Dm & Rio O 48.101 U I Wabash lsts • 117H J
Erie prior lien 4a.l01%l Do deb B PA I
Do son 4* 92U!\V & U Erie 4s... fit |
; P "W & D C lets.lOSVjlWls Central 4s... 92>4
Hock Val 4V4s 111 |
Xew York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con SSIUftle Chief 05 !
Alice ISlOntarlo 3 FO
Breeee 12iOphlr ..^^ 2 KO
Bruns Con lfilPhoenlx 17
Com Tunnel OSlPotosl 15
Con Cal A Va... 1 85'Sarage 2.5
Horn Sll\-er 1 50'Sierra -Nevada I* 45
Iron Silver 2 COlSmall Hopes ...'.. 20,
Lendvlll* Con.... 021 Standard 1 70
Boston Stocks, and Bonds. j
Money— llTnited Fruit 107 '
Call loans 3ff4|u S Steel.. ....... .T.'U ;
Tim*' loans 4@5l Do pfd »".% '
Bonds^ f Westing Common. 90 i
Atchlson 4s 101%! Mining —
Do adj 4s O3V4I Adventure «
Mex Central 4s... 74 |Allouez ifili,
Railroads — lAmal Copper .... 17U,
At^liison R7Hf\mer Zinc 12*5 I
Do pfd 102^1 Atlantic ...^ l7i« 1
Boston & Albany.2. r i2%|Blngham ,. 3ft % 1
Boston' A Malne.172 ICalumot & H*cla.C7.'J I
Boston Elev 153 ICrntennUl 27M i
Fitchburr pfd 139'iiConper Range .-.. fifis;
Mex Central 21%!Daly West 13
X Y X H & H..190iA!r>om Coal r.Mi
Union Pacific 117%IFranklin 12
Miscellaneous — IGrancv 5
Amor A^e Chem. 23TgU«le Royal 24
Do pfd SB I Mohawk 54
Amor Pneu Tube. r»<4!Mont Coal & Coke 4'-i
Amer Sugar 147VOM Dominion ... 21 ;
Do r'J 1™ "^Rpeola 95 !
Am»r TpI & Tel.147 IParrot ; r^U
Amer Woolen ... 22«4|O u lncy UB i
Do rifd- '. 93V, iphannon fl |
Doip Iron * S... lR'-ilTqmaraek ..^ l?r«
Ed Kl»ct Ilium.. 251 iTrinlty 11 u
Gen E'«>ctrlc .. ..1«7 |TT S Mining 27K
Mm* E:»ctric 14"I T T R Oil liv.
Do rfd fi2VilT*»ah 41".;
Mass Cm .'. ."WVi! Viz-torla 4*'. '
Un Shoe Mach... R« iWlnona 11U
■"- pfd 31 IWolverlne 106 '
London Closinsr Stocks.
Cons for money.. 87'4'X Y Central 144
Do for *cct..SS i-16lXor & Western... 78
Anaconda 5HI Do pfd 95U
Atrhlson flO%iOnt & Western... 45U
Do nfd lOftMlPennsylvanla 71 vi
Bait A O>>lo 103UIRand Mines ..... 11 Ui ;
Can Pacific '"TiVnieadinsr 42 !
Ches & Ohio 51V.! d>o let j.fd 4»H'i !
Chi Great W»«t.. 25U» Do 2d pfd 42H
Chi Mil & St P.1R0 fSo Railway .:;.^\3s |
D* Beers 18U| Dn rfd " na«,' t !
Den & Rio Q.... 34%ISo Pacific ....... PSVi
Do -M T. .. f>rt |Unlon Pacific ....llS»^i
EH» *'" T)o «fd 97 U. '
Do 1st pfd 7TUIU S Steel 33^ i
Do 2d r'd 57U; Do nH Pfl»; (
111 Certrnl lfi2UfWabash 24 : '
Louis & Xash 14!>i4| Do pf<J -17 U!
M. K *Texas... 35^4iSpanlsh 4s 89
Bar sliver — Flrm;27%d per ounce. I
Money — 1V4<51% per cent. . f
The rate of discount »n the open market for
short bills U> 2 13-16ff?274 per cent and for
three months' bills 2%@2% per cent \>. J >|
Condition of the Treasury. '■
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6. — To-day's statement
of the treasury shows: Available cash bal- i
acres, $143,024,947: gold. $S5,5S5,919. !
Xew York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.— COTTON— Futures"
opened weak. December, 7.50c; January. 7.50c; ■'
February.' 7.R5c: March, 7.72c-: April, 7 77c-'!
May. 7.86c; June. 7.90c; July, 7.9Sc. ■
Futures closed very steady. December, 7 50c- '
January. 7.58c:- February. 7.C2c; March 7 73c'
April, 7.77c; May. .7.82c; June, 7.85c; July*!
7.00c; August, 7.60c. , 1
cotton closed quiet, 10 points lower '
Middling uplanOs, 8c; middling gulf, 8.25c. !
No sales. , - ' i
Xew York Dry r GoodiS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 6.— Buying of dry goods
' is ~ practically suspended and the market is as .
chaotic in condition as at any lime since the
reduction in raw' material. Sellers are not
■ inclined to operate or to make any announce
ment until conditions are more settled.
Xew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec. «.— FLOUR— Receipts,
44,700 barrels: exports. 1»46. barrels; firm.
WHEAT— Receipts ,20,000 bushels;, spot,
easy; No. 2 red, nominal elevator; No. 2 red,
$1 2O>4 f." o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
$1 25 U f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
$1 08 I o. b. afloat. Options were unsteady,
closing' %c lower. May closed at $1 14%;
July closed at $1 05; December closed at
|1 lSVi. ■•->;.■:: ••:; 1 \W- -.
HOPS— Quiet. i
HIDES— Firm. : : ,\VV
WOOL— Firm. . ' .
SUGAR — Raw, firm; refined, firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady. . Futures closed
net unchanged to 3 points higher; January,
f>.S5@G.90c: March, 7.10c; May, 7.2507.30c;
January,' 7.45c; September, 7.t>0c; October.
7.65c. .
BUTTER— Firm; Western factory, common
to choice, 13© 17c.
CHEESE— Unchanged.
EGGS — Strong; Western, fine selected, 32c;
do, average beet, 30#31c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market Is
quiet. There is a moderate Jobbing demand
for the higher grades, but prime and lower
qualities are weak. Common are quoted at
:»%«i4c; prlmeA 4Vi@'*%c; choice, O^e; fancy.
.<]8tfi£c. ; \
PRUNES — Show considerable firmness, par
ticularly for the larger sizes, which are In
demand and sparingly offered for the time
being. Quotations range from 2c to 6c, ac^
cording to grade.
APRICOTS— Are in a firm position. Demand
is not particularly pressing, but there Is com
paratively little fruit offering. Choice are
held at 10c; extra choice, 10>(,@llc; fancy,
HVJSJSc. '■■ . ■
PEACHES — Also are firm. Choice are quoted
at OUfe'JWc; choice, »*i<glo>4c; fancy, 10H®
lie. ,
Xew York Metnl Market.
XEW YORK. Dec. 6.— The London tin mar
ket was irr:&ular, with spot higher at £134,
while fu'.urfd d?cltned to £132 15s. Locally
the market remains quiet. Quotations range
from ?2» 25 to ?2i» 50.
Copper was a little lower In the English
market, with spot closing at £B6 and futures
at £«0 "8 fid. Locally the market remains un
changed. Lake. $14 S7H..©15 25: electrolytic,
.<1» 75@15; casting. ?14 50S14 75.
lxad was unchanged at £12 17s 6d in Lon
don and at $4 Wit 70 in the local mar
ket.
SpeUer was higher at £25 In London. Lo
cally the prices stood at |5 7535 87 V4.
Iron closed at 53s 9d in Glasgow and at 40s
0Ud '-in Mldulesboro. I^ocally Iron waa un
changed. •'
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Dec. C— Special cable and
telegraphic advices received by Bradstreet'a
show the following changes in available sup
plies as compared with last account:
Wheat — United States and Canada, • east of
the Rockies, increased 2,070,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, decrease 4,700,000 bushels;
total supply, decreased 2.624,000 bushels.
Corn — United t-tates and Canada, east of the
Kockies. increased M5,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase of 464,000 busheli.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and. Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec. 6.— A practical denial of
yesterday's sensational report of damage to
the wheat crop in Argentina caused an easy
opening In wheat here. May was oft %c to
%c at ?1 13 to fl 18 W. Those who doubted
the authenticity of yesterday's damago reports
received much encouragement from the com
parative weakness of the wheat market at
Liverpool, where prices were j barely steady,
notwlthstandlns the 2c advance here the pre
vious day. On the initial break short* covered
quite freely and there was fair buying by. the
prominent bull interests. As a result May ad
vanced to $1 13 V4. Persistent selling of pit
traders, however, soon caused another decline,
which carried llay down to $1 12%. Toward
the middle of the session sentiment became
decidedly bullish and the market advanced
sharily. May selling up to $1 14. One cause
of the rally was. a partial • conflrmayon by a
well-known British crop statistician of the
poor crops of Argentina. Another factor part
ly responsible for the upturn was & material
decrease in the world's available stocks — a
decrease of 2,024. (KX) bushels, compared with
an Increase of f>93.(X>0 bushels, the correspond
ing time a year ago. Small primary receipts
also gave additional impetus | to the advance
in prices. Late in the day the market became
weak on liberal proflt taking. Final quota
tions on May were at $1 13%.
The corn market was under strong selling
pressure throughout the entire day. May
ojrened a shade to H@'-4C lower at 449; (jj!
44*£c. and sold off to 44*gc, closing at 44?£@
44%c.
Liquidation of the December delivers • by
.commission houses was a feature of to-day's
trading in oats. May opened unchanged to a
shade lower at 30*;iS30%e, pold down to 30%c
and' clo.-.ed at the low point. Local receipts
were 138 cars.
Provisions were weak as a result of liberal
receipts of hoes at the yards. At the close
May pork was off 17%f?2oc; ribs were 5<g7%c
lower, and lard was off 6c 'tci"$7 10. ' ~:
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — ■ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2— ■■ • ■
December ...... 1 11% 1 11*; 1 10% 110%
May 1 lJli 1 14 1.12% 1 13%
July 1 00% 101 »9*s 1 00<4
Corn Xo. 2 — \
December ' 46% 4B% 4B . 46'(i
May 44Tg 44% 44*4 44M,
July 447i 44?fc Ml% 44%
Oats Xo. 2 —
December ...... 2S% 2S% 28% 28%
May 30% 30% 30% 30$
July 30% 30% 30% 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 77"4 12 "T'i 12 60 12 62*4
May IS 02Vi 13 02& 12 80 12 87%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January fi 00 6 00 6 S7% 6 87%
May 7 12% 7 12% 7 07% 7 10
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ■
January 0 . r >7% tf 57% 6 52% 6 55
May 6 75 6 77% 6 70 6 72%
Cnsli Grain and Provision?.
CHICAGO. Dec. 6. — Cash quotations were us
follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat,
SI 1O@1 16: No. n. ?l 03® I 15; No. 2 red,
$1 14%®! 16; No. 2 com, 4tJ^c; No. 2 yellow,'
47c; No. 2 oats. 2S%c; No. 2 white, 31&@32c;
No. 3 white, 20V4©31c; No. 2 rye, 74c; Rood
feeding barley. 38c; fair to choice malting, 42
<351c; No. 1 flaxseed, 1113; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 22Vi; prime timothy seed {2 70; mess
pork, per bbl, $11 35@11 40; lard, per 100 lbs.
*8 85; short ribs Bides (loose), $»5 37^(g« 67V4:
short clear sides (boxed), $6 87%®7; whlsKy.
haEls of high wines, $1 24; clover, contract
grade, $12 60.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25.900 3.90«>
Wheat, bilshels 9«,000 . 76.9CO
Corn, bushels 700,400 402, TOO
Oats, bufheU 121,800 104,000
Hyo. bushels ♦.... 5,000 . <kk>
Barley, bushels . . . '. 70,400 23,000
Butter. Cheese and Effss.
CHICAGO. Pec. 6.— On the Produce Ex
chance. to-day the butter market was firm
creameries, 10JT2e>ic; tlatrlen, i<MQ22c: prjcs,
Btrori at mark, ' cases Included, WAfiZSc;
cheeso, steady, ll@12c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago. ,
CHICAGO, Dec. \6.— CATTLE — Receipt*.
flOOO. including WX) Westerns. Market steady.
Good to prime steers, .$•''97 50; poor to medium
$."{ 2.".i@5 !M); stockers and feeders, $2 25®4 15
cows, $1 5(X?M 10; heifers.* $2@5: canners, $135
fi2-H>: bullA $2(14 23; calves, $3 50®7; West
ern steers, S!3 WKi.Y
HOG3— Receipt*: To-day, 42,000; to-morrow.
4R.WK). . Market a shade lower. Mixed and
butchers, *4 40-S4 fl2*4: good to choice heavy
$4 61)04 «2K ; rough heavy. $4 33® t 45; light,
14 3904 ."(); bulk if sales. $4 T.Wi 4 3,".. |
SHEEP— Receipts. 22,000. Market strornr.
Lambs, a Fhade higher; good to choice weth
ers. $4 40@5 10: fair to choice mixed. ?3 ~>Mi
4 a.j; \V*-ptern sheep. $3»5; native lambs, $4 50
@ti 25; "Western lambs, (4 50@6 10.
Omaha.
v SOUTH OMAHA. Ncbr., Dec. 6.— CATTLE—
Receipts. '.liXft. Active ■" and ttrong. Native
eteer> $3 70^0 2.*>; cows and heifer?. $2 S0@
.3 tJt5; Western steers. ?2 00#4 75; Texas steer?.
$2 75©'$ 75; range cowb and heifers. $2 30@
3 50; cannerd, ifl 7302 30; stockers and feeders
?'.' H»l; calves, *3®5 50; Dulls and stags $2
@4. ' ;
HOGS— RereiptB, 0200. 5c lower. Heavy,
$4 3534 45; mixed. *4 35iJ?4 40; light. $4 35@
4 50: piKF. J41i 4 30; bulk of sales. |4 35(^4 40.
SHEEP— Receipts. 9000. Stronger. Western
yearlings. $4." <K3 175; wethers, S4 20^4 05;
fivM, |^00©4 5fl; common and stockers. $2 50
©4 33; lambs". $oS« 15.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. «.— CATTLE— Receipts,
12.000. Steady. Native steers, $3 50® « 25;
cows and helfors. $1 75S3; stockera and feed
ers. $2;>CYriH5; bulls. $2®2 40; calves. $2 50®
0 25; Western steers, $3@4 75; Western cows,
$1 7o«i3 50. . "
HOGS— Receipts. 17,000. Steady to 5c lower.
Bulk of sales, f 4 30@4 55; heavy, $4 50«4 60;
packers, $4 35@4 53; pigs and lights, $3 70@
4 40. . •
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000. Steady and active.
Muttonv, $4@5; lambs. $4 50@6; range wethers,
UtP* 75; . ewea, $2 B0<g4 25.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. • .' •-> i
Wheat — : Dee. March. May.
Opening ..:........... 7 3 7 4T'» 7 5
Closing ............... 7 2%: 7 4%. ., 714%
.PARIS.
;v Wheat— \ Dec Mar.- June.
Opening.......... ....24 25 25 30 -
CloMng ....".'.■■. ..'...:£. 24 23 -25 50
Flour — . \ '■<■
Openlr.K... 32 10 S3 35
Closir.K ......... .....:....: 32 15 S3 40
,. Boston Wool Market.
: BOSTON. Dec- «.— Tradinjr in the wool mar
ket *«s quj^t.. This Is duo partly to thefact
that the manufacturers -have temporarily; sup-
plied their wants, but particularly is it due to
th* fact that selections of desirable wools are
yery much broken. . :
- Territory wools are firm. Quotations:
Idaho — Heavy, fine. lC<31"c; fine medium,
lS@19c; medium, 22®23c; low medium. 2:$@"24c.
Wyoming— Fine, 17® 18%c; heavy fine, 1Z&
lCc; fine medium. 17%@>lsV4c; medium, 23@24c;
low medium. 23®24c.
Utah and XsYvada— Fine, 17@18c: heavy fine.
in©16c; fine medium. 17^@18c; medium, 22©
23c: low medium, 23@24c.
Montana— Fine choice, 21 -S 22c: fine average.
19iB20c; fine medium choice. 21@22c; average,
19f20c. -
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 6. — Wool, strong: medium
erades. combing and clothing, 23@29c; light
fine, 18#22&c; heavy fine, 16@18c; tub
washed, 26Q40c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. U. — Wheat for export:
Walla Walla, 80c; bluestem. 85c. For milling:
Walla Walla, 83c: bluestem, 8Se; valley, 87 Me
For Eastern markets: Walla Walla, 85c; blue
stem. 90c.
Northern Business.
. SEATTLE. Dec. ©— Clearings, $783,578;
balances. $109,244. • t ■
TACOMA. Dec. 6. -.Clearings. $5C1.290;
balances. $47,354. A
PORTLAND, Dec. 6. — Clearings, $721,200;
balances. $125,822.
SPOKANE, Dec. 6.— Clearings, $187,774;
balances, $77,172.
LiOCAL MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Rates showed little variation yesterday.
LOCAL.. %
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*..?4 8.1*4@4.84
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 S«Mi@4 87
Sterling Kxchange, cablfs ..... 4 S7 @t 87%
Xiw York Exchange, sight Par & —
N. Y. Exchange, telesraphlc. . . (r2&& —
Silver, per ounce * — @ S9S
Mexican Dollars 48}i@ 48T4
IXTERXATIOXAL.
Xew York on Paris 51«V*
New York on Mexico V05
l'arls- on London .• .' 2."i.lO' 3
Berlin on London 2O.3S^a
• :> Wheat and Other Grains. ■
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The situation remains j
unchanged. There is no spot 'business of any i
consequence and vessels are still leavlnsr port )
In ballast, seeking business. The nominal rate ;
for Wheat, usual European options, Ms 17s C<1. |
The chartered Wheat fleet in port has a reg- i
lstfjed tonnage of 12,070, against 25,925 tons j
on the same date last year; disengaged. 53.S80
tons, against 101,450; on' the way to this port,
1 •.»•», IX in tons, against 195,500. " ■ i
WHEAT — The foreign futures were firm, j
Cables from, the Argentine continued to speak |
of more or less damage to that crop from rust. ;
Otherwise there was nothing new from abroad, j
The foreign markets were disposed to dl8- j
'credit the reports of serious damage In the i
Argentine, hence did not show much firmness J
over them. Some injury, however, has un- |
doufatedly "been done. ;
In this market futures were firm, but not j
very active, while the cash grain was quiet
and without change.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45^1 52%: California'
White Australian, $1 60®l 62%; Northern*
Club. $1 5061 52%, with none offering; North
ern Bluestem. $1 60*51 62%; Northern Red,
$1 47% Per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 'll:."0 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 44% $1 45 $1 44*, $1 44%
December — No sales; $1 42% asked.
2 p. ra. Session.
May— $1 44?; bid. $1-45 asked.
BARLEY — The market continues dull, both
in future* and the cash grain and quotations
show no change worthy of note. Offerings are j
moderate.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 n5(gl 12 %: Brewing- and Shipping.
$1 15fcl 17%; Chevalier, $1 1501 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close. [
December— No sales; $1 10 asked.
May »1(» UKl $1 08% $1 OS*; !
2 p. m. Session. |
May— $1 0S% bid, $1 09 asked.
December— $1 0fl% bid, $1 10 asked.
OATS — There is not much going on at pres
ent. There is a fair demand for seed, but
not much for feed and offerings are ample i
for all requirements.
White, $1 42%(R1 57%; Surprise. $1 55®1 60;
Red for feed, fl 32%@1 45 for Xo. 1 and
$1 22%@1 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed.
SI 42»i,Sl 50; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 45® 1 62% for seed.
CORN — The market continues more or less
weak, with free offerings by Chicago, as al
ready mentioned. At the same time there is
no urgent pressure to sell. Quotations show
: no further change.
] Western sacked, $1 4001 45 / for Yellow,
i White and Mixed; -California large Yellow,
$1 4tt®l 45; small round do. fl 80; White,
nominal; Egyptian, $1 SOigl 40 for White and
i fli 17%(&1 20 for Brown.
I RYE— $1 40@l 45 per ctl. Offerings are
I very light and so is the demand.
Flour and Millstnffs.
There is an avenge demand for these goods
for this time of the year, which is never a
j very active season. All quotation* remain
: unchanged.
I FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 S0@
: 5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, |4 70®5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $1@4 50
i per bbl.
: MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
; follows: Graham Flour. $2 75 p«r 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal, $3; 'Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, J2 60- extra 1 cream do. $8 60;
. Oat Meal, $4; Oat Groats. $4 25; Hominy.
i $3 t0®« 85; Buckwheat FliJur, $4 25: Cracked
; Wheat. $3 70: Farina, $1; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 80; Rolled Oats, bbls. $6 75417 50: in
j sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peaa,
I boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, $5 50 per 1C0 lbs.
j Hay and Feedstuffs.
The markets under this head continue quiet.
Hay b?in«r more or less weak and Feedstufts
: firm. Prices remi^'n unchanged.
BRAN— $20<i21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25628 per ton.
SHORTS— $20621 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFfi— Rolled Barley. $24024 50 per
ton; Oilcake Mt-al at the mill. $3150832 50;'
jobbing, $33; Cocoanut- Cake. $23324: Cocoa- '
nut Meal. ¥24fr25; Corn Meal. $31 50«32:
Cracked Corn. ?32@32 60; Mixed Feed, $220
23; Horse Beans, $30@40 per ton; Broom !
Corn Feed, 90c per ctl. '
HAY— Wheat. »10<gl5; Wheat and Oat. $10@
14; Oat. $U®12; Barley and Oat, $SS11; Volun- !
teer Wild Oat. $7<&10; stable, $a@10; stock. 1
$5 60@7; Clover, $7610; Alfalfa, $»912 -per
ton.
STRAW— 35060c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
These markets reflect the usual quietness of
the end of the year and there are no changes
to report.
BEAXi- — Bayos, $2 "5@3; Pea. nominal:
Butter. M«3 25: small White, $3 15(&3 30;
large White. $2 *0@2 6T>: Pink. $2 75«33 15; j
Rtrd, $4 25® 4 50; Lima, *4 10®4 2O: Red Kid
neys, f4 50; Blackeyps,. $2 C0@2 75 per ctl;
Horse Beans. $1 85®2 40. —
SEEDS — Brown Mustard." nominal — no good
: lots olferinK: Yellow Mustard, 3li@3%c; Flax.
$2«f2 75; Canary, fi'ic: Alfalfa, 12^@13c:
, Rape. lV><ij2%c; -Timothy. 5%c; Hemp, o%@
3*«ic per "lb; Millet. 2%@3%c; Broom Corn
Seed, $20<ff21 per ton.
: DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75$2 50; Green
j Peas, $1 75<02 50 per ctl.
i Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
! Receipts of river Potatoes have fallen off
I somewhat lately, but with fully 25,000 sacks
I ot low grade stock lying on the wharves and
with quite an accumulation at the stores, the
' market continues very much depressed and
prices are unchanged. Fancy lots sell off well
enough at the top quotation, but dealers find
it impossible to diminish 5 the supplies of poor
stock. Salinas Burbanks were reported steady
at the old quotation. A carload of choice
> Oregon stock, received on the preceding day.
! was firmly held at $1 15 per ctl. but was not
gold. $1 per ctl being the highest price jobbers
cared to pay.' Stocks of Onions were light and
prices had another advance. : '->
I Receipts of (southern Vegetables wore light,
• as Is almost always the case on Tuesday, and
I carried over Ftock sold at previous prices. Re
: ccipts from nsarby point* were liberal and all
i descriptions stood as previously quoted, .
1 POTATOES — Burbanks . from ■ the river, • 40®
I 70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 10@l 42% per
! ctr Oregon Burbanks, 75c6$l per ctl; River
I Reds. C0@70c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, 65@75c
ner ctl. •
ONIONS — $2 "o'ii- 50' per . ctl for. local and
Oregon, and $2 for Utah stock.. ■>
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3©5c per lb;
String Beans, 4® 5c per lb; Wax Beans, 465c:
Lima Beans. 4Q T>c per lb; Tomatoes. 50c«5$l
per box: Summer, Squash. . 75c per box: Cab
bage. «0c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cu
cambers.. 75cS$l per box; Garlic. 4%©5c, pjr
lb* EgK Plant, largeboxes, 75o*?$l; do south
ern i&Oc per lb: Dried Peppers, nominal:
Green Peppers, 4CS- r >Oc per box:, Marrowfat and
! Hubbard Squash. $8glO per, ton. . , v
■■■■.■:.■>- -~" — : " ' ■
Poultry, and Game.
The car of Western Poultry that .was re
norted close at 1 hand -. yesterday came in and
: was nlaced on-sale, making the fifth car for
the week The market had a weak; tone gen
erally with Fryers. Broilers and Turkeys only
being in fair demand.' Three cases of Dressed
Turkeys came in and met ■ with prompt sale at
the quotations. Game ' was - rather dull and
several descriptions were quoted lower. , .
POULTRY — Dressed 'Turkeys, 22323c per
lb- Live Turkeys, ' l&'KlSc per lb: Geese, per
pair. $2®2 25; Goslings, $2 2562 50; Ducks,
«^50 per dozen ' for . old and $8@8" for young; j
Hens, *4®4 50 for small and $5@5 50 for ;
large; ; young." Roosters. $4 50@5 60; old Roos- !
ters, $4®4 5<>: Fryerg. $464 SO: Broilers, $3^1; i
Pigeons $1 25: Squabs, $2^2 50. -'"45*WMflt3W
'GAME— Mallard .Ducks, $3@3 5O per. dozen;
Canvasback, $3f?4; Teal. $1 50: - Sprig, $2^
2 50: .Widgeon, $1 25®1 50; Red Heads,, fl 50
JT2; small Ducks.- $125®1 50; Gray Geese. $2
®3: r White i Geese. ?1@1 75; = Brant," $1 25R2:
Honkers." $3®5; Snipe, $3' for English and-
I $1 BO for common; Doves, $1 25; Hare. $1 80; .
Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and |1 50 for
Brush. (
Butter, Cheese and Eers.
Stocks of Butter have now got down to a
point where they are no longer troublesome,
and most of the trade report a steady feeling
In consequence, though there Is no Improve
ment In prices. Only a very few dealers now
find their stocks Inconveniently large, and the
demand for fresh goods is better, as consum
ers are coming back to them In preference to
cold storage and Kastern goods, as already
mentioned.
. Cheese Is coming In more freely, as stated
yesterday, and the feeling Is easy In conse
quence. . ;
Esres are being affected by the continued ;
cold weather. Receipts are lighter than for
some time and as the demand Is good the '
market rules steady at unchanged prices.
Receipts were 23,000 lbs Butter, 444 cases
Eebs and 12.000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 21c
for extifes and 18©2Oc for lower to medium
grades: dairy. 17$ilsc: cold storage, nominal:
store Butter, 10©14c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed. 154jlCc.
CHEESE-^-lligll^c for choice mild new and
9®10c for old; cold storage. liHiQllc; Young
Americas, 12'ul2«ic: Eastern, 10@15c per lb.
EGOS — Ranch, 35^i38c for good to fancy and
£SS32Vje for common: cold storage. 26#30c;
Eastern. 25<#2Sc for choice. 22@24c for stand
ards and 19@21c for seconds.
Deciduous ami Citrus Fruits.
Aside from some narrow fluctuations In ■
rrioes of Berries and Grapes, there is nothing
new to report In fresh fruits, quotations for all
other descriptions being unchanged. Stocks of :
Apples and Oranges are excessive and ara be- •
Ing added to daily. and nearly all dealers are :
trying to effect clearances by cutting prices. ;
Oranges are moving slowly, as most cf the of- ;
ferings are lacking In color and the top quota- j
tlon Is obtained only for small lots of well i
known brands of fancy stock. $1 75 being an
extreme price for the general run of offerings. !
.All other Citrus fruits are weak, although '.
th*re has been no actual decline In prices, i
Receipts of Berries and Grapes ara mostly :
poor, and t}s deliveries of the latter are Irregu- |
lar it Is impossible for dealers to clean up from »
day to day. Pears and Persimmons are In j
light; b'lt ample supply, and prices are without j
change.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $S©12 per
chest: Cheneys, ?-g. r >; Malindas and Brandy
wines. $1 50®4. ■
RASPBERRIES— $768 per chest. '
CRANBERRIES — $10®lt per bbl for East- |
em and $2 T.Va:: per box for Coos Bay.
APPLES— $1 23 per box for, fcxtra fancy. 73c !
6$1 for ordinary fancy and 40<p«5c for common I
to choice; Lady Apples. $2ft2 2."» per box..
PEARS— Winter Nellis, $1 5001 75 per box; j
cooking varieties. M)cf?$t per box. {
PERSIMMONS— 5Ca€5c per bcx.
■GRAPES — Crates, 40<3S5c; small boxes. 800 •
50c: open boxes. 7.">c<5$l. ,
CITRU3 FRUITS— Oranges. Navels. $1©2 per
boat; Seedlings. 75c#$l: Tangerine*. 75c for !
small and $11*1 25 for large boxes; Japanese :
Mandarins. $1®1 25 per box; Lemons. * 2 5003
for fancy, $1 7G<g2 25 for choice "and $1©1 50
for standards; Grape Fruit. S175®2K0: Mexi- '
can Limes, $4 per case; Bananas. $2@3 p«r j
bunch for Central American and $1©2 for Ha- f
walian; Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins, Honey, j
Local dealers and brokers report -very quiet J
markets all around, as It Is so close to the end I
of the year that there Is no disposition among ;
buyers to Increase their holdings for the pres- j
ent. Prices show no further change.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8glO%c for Royals and '
»^ei2c for iMoorparks: Nectarines. 6%S^Hc !
for White and 6»*<g7c for Red: Peaches. "%& t
$%c per lb; Pears. 71?12c; Plums, pitted, t& 1
6^jc for black*. 7Vi l ?8V4c for red and 7©3Hc ;
for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks, 5Oc: 3-crown. [
65c; 4-crown. 60c; 6-crown. 65c: bulk white, j
2?i<?3c; black. 2>3©5%c; Evaporated Apples. '
4VJ©ti'4c per lb.
PRUNES— l**,@l*ic p«r lb for thejour sires ;
and -'ac basis for the large slzea.
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno— Im- \
perlal clusters. 42 25<32 50; Dehesa. $1 3031 35;
London Layers, 90c€Jl 10; Locse Muscatels. 4- I
crown. .VuoVtc; 3-crown. 4*4c; 2-crown. 3*i© .
3%c: Seeded. 4-i@<J 1 ,ic; Thompson's Seedless, ;
4H©»'4c: Seedless Sultanas. Zfi.Sc per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12j|13c; No.
2 lOtg'llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c: i
Almonds, 16@17c for Nonpareils, 14@14»^c for ;
I X L 13',014MiC for Ne Plus Ultra and lie for j
Languedoc; Peanuts, CffTc for Eastern: Pe- |
cans, ll©13c; Cocoanuts, $4 5C@5; Chestnuts, I
8®0c per lb for Italian.
HONEY — Comb ll*i#13c for whits and Mnf ;
lie for amber: water white extracted. 5«4©«c; i
light amber extracted. 5©5^ic; dark, 3©4^ic. '
BEESWAX— 27@2»c per lb. .
Provisions.
Hams and Lard are easy and quiet at the ;
reduction noted yewtenlay. Bacon snd bar- ;
reled good* have shewn no change for some i
little time. The Western markets continue
Inactive and featureless. ,
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 10&c per lb for
heavy 10%c for light medium. 13c for light,
143 for extra light and 14&c for sugar-cured: I
i dry Salt Sides. 10c: Bellies, lie; Eastern su-
I gar-cured Hama, 12 to 14 lbs. 12V4c; 15 to ..
! 16 lbs 12c: 17 to 20 lbs. llfcc; California ;
i Hams," ll«ic: Mese Beef. $10010 50 per bbl: !
1 extra Mess. $10 50^11 ; Family. $12©12 50: j
prime Mesa Pork. $14 50: /extra clear, $22: j
Mess, $1« 50; Pie Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
Smoked Beef. 1 4c per lb. <
LARD — Tierces quoted at OVic per lb for i
i California compound. 7c for Eastern compound ;
i and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure. 9}ic; 10- ;
lb tins, 8^c:5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins. 10c. I
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8*4c; three |
half barrels. 8'ic: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces, I
i 8*ic; five tierces, 8*4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops. !
Hops are no*' nuoted dull, not only here. I
but East and In Europe. Local quotations are [
again somewhat lower. Some contracting for i
1900 crop at 20c is reported.
f Hides continue in active demand and firm,
with receipts passing out of receivers' hands
Immediately ui>on arrival. Price* «>bow a
number of advances.
The situation In Wool remains as before
stated, the market being firm and practically
bare of stock, with most of the fall clip dls-*
posed of.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about %<51c under quotations. : Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9%©10c; Cow
Hides, O'/iSlOc for heavy and »H©10c for
light; Stags. 7@7 1 £c; Salted Kip, lOtjc; Salted I
Veal, 1191Hic: Salted Calf. im®12^c; dry ,
Hide*. 17V461*c; dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c; ;
Sheepskin*, shearlings.* 25@40e each: short j
Wool 50675c each; medium. UfM.iJl 10: long ;
Wool, $1 25<51 75; Horse Hides, salt. $3 for ,
large and $2 50 for medium. $1 50@2 for small ;
and COe for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for |
large and $1 50 fcr medium, $1 for small. 50c '
for Celts. Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c: dry t
salted Mexican. 2Sc: dry Central American. I
30c; Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra !
large do. $1 25; large, 60c; medium, 33c; j
email 20c. !
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 484 We per lb: j
No. 2. 34c: Grease. 2«4^3c. ;
WOOL— Fall cli» — San Joaquln and South- j
ern. Ofillc: Southern. S'gOc; Southern Moun- I
tain. »©llc: Middle Counties, free, 12©14c; I
do defective, 10iQ12c: Northern free. 12814c: !
do defective. 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo- I
cino. IC&IHc ver lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 25@30c p«r lb: 1905 crop.
.'lOUt jliuu* t. •
The market rule* firm with advancing prices j
for Beef, Veal and Mutton. There Is no over- i
: supply, while the demand for all descriptions j
Is fully us to receipts. Good fat Beef and j
Mutton are especially firm.
DRESSED MEATS. ;
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are an follows: .
BEEF — «®7c fcr Steer« and 4»4©6c per lb j
for Cows. ; !
VEAL-Large, 6%@9c: small. 8©9c per lb. !
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©Sc; Ewes. «Vi«i 7Hc J
per !b. ',
LAMB-^S'iGOH*" P*r lb. j
PORK— Dressed Hog«, 6H6S^c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. -j
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less -J.Vd
45 ier cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%@7 1 ,ic: Cows and Heif
t-r*. S'i'aiiVic: thin Cows, AQ5c per lb.
CALVES — 4eH4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 3ta@3?ic; Ewes, :rn"3Uc
per lb (gross welaht).
LAMBS— $2 f.0«J2 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 2C0 to 250 lbs. 4»;@4%c:
j ISO to 200 lbs. o®5»4c: 80 to 130 lbs, 4^Sta 4 c;
• soft Hoes, not wanted: Sows. 20 per cent off:
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent "
off. from above . quotations.
General '
\ BAGS— Grain Bags. 5>,c spot and 6c for |
! next year; Wool Bags, 30®32c; Fleece Twine. I
1 7*,4c.
. CANNED FRUITS — Following are prices foi
the 1004 pack; • j
m5 S S >!
e ■ a ? 5 i
FRUITS. h a £ 2"
~ c. '. '■ i
■ ' • '.' '• "■
Apples .~. $1 55 $1 30 $1 20 $1 10'
Apricots 1 25 1 15 1 05
Blackberries 160 135 125 l'lftr
Cherries. Royal Anne... 2 10 1-80 1 65 .*.. }
Do .White • 200 165 150
i ' Do Black IN) 1C5 150...
i Grape*. Muscat ....:... 125 110 100 oo »
I Nectarines 1 50 1 25 115 1 05 }
, Teaches. Yellow 1 75 1 35 1 25 1 15 i
Pears. Bartlett l»0 160 150 ISO'
Plums." Green Gage 135 110 100 »o;
; Do Damson 140 1 15 1 00 1 00 !
Raspberries 2 50 2 25 2 00 1 90 i
Strawberries 2 00 175 I 60 1401
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 2%-Ib. '
standards, 65<S70c; gallon standards. ■ $2; 3-lb, |
solid pack, 87H©OOc: Green Peas — Petlts pols.
$1 35; extra sifted, $115; standard sifted. $1;
standards, 85®9<»c: Marrowfats, 85©87>/ic f.
o. b. San Francisco.
> COAI*— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $« 50;
Beaver Hill.-. $."> 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos , Bay.
$5 50; Richmond, $8; Cumberland, $13 In built
AUCTION SALES
£> AUCTION
60 Horses
On THURSDAY. December 9.
At It o'clock, at
INTERNATIONAL HORSE MARKET.
Twelfth and Harrison sts..
I will sell 60 head of *RANGE HORSES,
weighing from 900 to 1100. from 5 to 7 year*
old. If you want sound young horses at your
own prices, be mire and attend this sale, m
they must and will be sold.
S. WATKINS. AuctloneT.
£s» S* £a
TV1/O GARt~Qf*DS
Of HEAVY HORSES at 220 VALENCIA ST.
WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
E. STEWART * CO,
ia ~~ £&
NO AUCTION— PRIVATE SALE— Just from
the ranch. IS tare*. TOUNO HORSES, four
matched 'teams from 1100 to 1500 pound*; caa
be seen at 210ft MISSION ST.. near 17th.
and $14 25 la tacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $H; Welsh Anthracite En. $13; Welsh
Lump, ill 50: Cftnnel. $;> per ton; Cok*. $11 SO
<S13 per ton In bulk and $13 la sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $8 SO per short ton.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per IX
4'^c: cases, regular, $5 55; cases, extra, large.
tiV; Eastern style. 6\c; boneless. «i t c.
••Norway," ttiic; "Narrow Gauge," 6Sic; "Sll
ver Kins;." 7^d; blocks, "Oriental," 6%c;
Mocks. "SeabiiKht." 7c; tablets, 7>*c; mid
dies. 7©9%c;. fancy boneless, »He»%c; pickled
Cod. bbls. IS; pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 75.
iijRDAOj: — Another He advance Is noted.
The local company quotes aa follows. 60 days*
or '-j per cent discount for cash, no sales un
der 10.000 lbs: Manila. 15c; Sisal. 10%0; Du
plex. !»■%«•; llale Rope. 11\@ 1 12 1 *3 p«r lbk
COFFKE>— Costa R4ea— Nominal; «tock. 1284
ba^s; H'cfl54c for strictly prim* ta tuBcy
washed: 12^ttl3^e for prtm* washed; 11)49
11* Uc for eood washed; ll>iO13o tor Kood to
prime washed peaberry; KMfllo for good to
prime peaberry; U'ar- l jc for good to prim*;
VQlU^c for fair; 7H6&>4o for common to or
dinary.
Salvador— Stock. 7740 bars; U&l*o tor faaey
washed, nominal; HH£fl24c for itrlctly prim*
washed, nominal; lliMQllo for good to prim*
washed; 8g9Ho for fair washed; KKtflUio tor
fair to prime washed peaberry; »*4Q10c for
good to crim« semi-washed; SV&tfS^o for rj
perior unwashed; O'-jo for good green trawaab
ed; »> 3 <£fioc for good to superior unwashed
peaberry; t>* t &~Kc for Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — Nominal: stock. 623 ban: 11 \k
ifl34c for prtmo to fancy washed; 8UUK>Ho
for fair to strictly good washed; S\e«"^o for
eood to superior unwashed; •%S16o for rood
to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala (stock. 19.612 bars) and iNxioaa
(stock. 682 bajts) — MH^Htjo for fancy wash
ed, nominal; HVi®13c for prim* to strictly
prime washed, nominal; lt>V»®llc for s«rlctly
(food washed; 10OUH4c for good washed; &<-j^
» : **c for fair washed; S{? v >\e for mediant;
5»4©7»io for Inferior to ordinary: 10U©llVtO
for good to prime- washed peaberry: 9V&O10o
for rood to prime unwashed' peaberry; 9)i&
9%c for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Continues firm and actlYtw with
an advance In medium and lirht sols. Sols,
heavy. 29031c; extra heavy. S1933c per 1b;
medium. 2&g30c: light. 27G29e; Rough Leath
er, 2.1830c ; Harness Leather, heavy. 85O37a
for No. 1 and 32^34c for No. 2: medium. 80®
S7c; 11 Kht. 2»e.*Uc: skirtlnr. No. 1. 40943c:
No. 2. Sd'SS-Sc; Collar Leather. I&9I80 per foot:
Trace Leather. 40044c; Kip unfinished. 409
50c per lb; Veal, finished. BO^COc per 1T>; Calf.
finished. 65c©$l per lb; Wax Sides. 18017c per
foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14916c; Rough Splits,
8310c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, 125523 per ton; stick.
$16 50@18 per cord.
OILf — Linseed in 4c higher. Quotations ar*
for barrels: for cases add 6c; Unseed 55o p«r
gallon for boiled and 53c for raw; Castor Oil.
in cases. No. 1. 7Uc: Bakers' A A, cases. 11 Id
61 12: X.ucol. 50c for boiled and 4Sc for raw;
China Nut. cases. «5©50c per gallon; Cocoanut
Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 33c for
Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm Otl.
65c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 67c; natural Wha!«
Ol!, 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 73c:
No. 1 Lard Oil. 60c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c: light Herring Oil.
42c: dark Herrins; Oil. 40c; Salmon Otl. 84e:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. .lie; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water Whits Coal Otl In bulk,
13'; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19t£c: Astral. 19tie;
Star. lOHc: Extra Star. 22*,c: E2alne. 2Sc:
Eocerf*. 2H*jc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, tn
bulk, 16c: In cases. 22 %e: Benzine, in bulk.
13c: in cases. 19Vjc: 86-degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 75c per gallon In cases and
63c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. TH»
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7>i©7?ic. according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $40S« 50 for local use and
$3S i 83') per flask for export.
SALT — Bale*. 90c for common and ft for
granulated: Dairy, $5 CO per ton: Granulated.
$&8« SO; Half Ground. 100-lb bag*. $3 25: do.
50-lb be*s, *3 73: Rock Salt. $2 734J3 In 100
and $3 25 in .V>-lb bafts; Genuine. Liverpool.
ill SO. $12 50 and $13 SO per ton In packages
of 224. 110 and 50 Ib», respecUvely.
SUGAR— The Western 8u*tr R«flnJn« Com
pany quote* as follows, per lb. In 100-lb ba*s:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c: Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated. Cne. 6c; Dry Granulated, eo&rs*.
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet GraaulatM
(100-lb bap only), 5 90c: Confectioners' A. «<?:
Magnolia A. S.COc; Extra C. 5.50c; Goldan -C.
5 40c: i- D." 5.20c: barrels. 10c more: half
barrels 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb- bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half Barrels,
6.50c: boxes. 6.73c: H. & E. Crystal Domino*.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than •«▼•
enty-flve barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pin*, ordinary sizes. $15319: ex
tra sixes hUher; Redwood. $19Q23: Lath. 4
fe«t. $3 75$M: Pickets. $17*fr25: Shlnjlea. S3
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2: Shakes. $14 for
split and $15 for sawn: Rustic. $33«959. >
Receipts of Prodnc«.
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER i.
Flour, ar sk«... 7.2S6!Hldet. f?o S8t
Wheat ctls 7fl.«X< I.lrm*. bb!s 183
Barley' ctla .... 2.845 Pm per roll* 4*
cSTcti? f* 1 * — -H-IS
Tallow, ctls .... 215 J\ln». (■!• ......M.JCO
Suyar ctls 440 B*an». •*■ 5'2S!
Broomcorn. b<JH. 80lPotatoe«. sks ~.. 4.JT5
Raisins bx« .... l.SOnj Middlings. s)t» «. 8^0
Qulck»Uver. flak* 89 Hay. ton* JJl
leather, rolls .. 412! Wool, bales ...- 155
STOCK MARKET.
Trading Still Uschter, Both In Stock*
and Bonds.
Trading was still lighter yesterday. b<rtS» la
stocks and bonds, though there wm consider
able fluctuation In the former., Tbe> aogS9
were weak, wfth Honokaa lower at $T7 *a&
several of the others showtnr fractional d«
cllnea. There w«r» aales of Maria Coomty
Water at $60 and California,- street Cabl* at
$199
The otl stocks were quiet. Ther» wm art^T,
good' business in the mining stocks, thm TOno
pahs particularly, which were firm aa a rule.
Quotations for the Corastocks showed n->
market! changes. ,'..•»_
Ex-dividend yesterday: Imperial. ZOo per
share, amountinsr to $20,000; TWrty-tnre». loo,
nmountlng to $10,000. • '
The Central Trust Company of Calif ornlsnas)
Increased the number of Its directors from
eleven to nineteen.
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the San Francisco Savings Union, at which tn»
directors, whosr nominations were annoqnct<S
some time ago. will be voted for, ha* beea
called for the 20th inst. .
The Daly West Mining Company of XTtah ha»
declared a monthly dividend of 40c per share,
payable December 15.
Mexican has levied an assessment of 15c.
The recent strength In Union OH stock \m
explained by press report* of a gusher whlcfi
has been developed on the Union claim. Santa
Maria County. '
A special meeting of the stockholders of th»
Portland Traction Company will be held at
the offlce of the Crock^r-Woolworth National
Bank In thte city December 19 to ratify th«
sale of th« property of th« corporation and to
pass a resolution to dissolve the company and
distribute Its assets among ■ the stockholders.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Dec. 8—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Cld. Ask.l Bid. As*.
4* qr coup..ltW*ilO«H:4« qr ep new. Wl 131*4
4» qr THt...\0Z-\\0Ci*i,i3i qr coup.. .104H1C5
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Ba. — - lOak T Co 6..12O -
aS^rpc ttioi ms I Do con s-.iosmos
Cal C O 'C«. — 105 IOc*anlc S Bi - —
Cal O & E K lOra Cable 6«. — 124
m & rt 3^ — 85 IPac O Iai 4«. — —
CaT-.f C fill* - |P E Ry 3,.. - 11%,
ccwlt 5' — #> IP A C H 6S.194 —
PA C H C* 1H 1 * — iPowell-«t 6«. —
H 5«^!lO5 — ?F A SJV3a.l»Vi —
Do 53 ....ICOTi — ISlerra R «». — —
HonR T ««.1O6 — IS P. oT Adi
LA Eire SilM — I nnon > ICB :.-■ — -■;
r. A Ry 5s..llC%U7 I (1910> UOfiUOH
L A L Co 6i - — iS P of C ft
Do Ktd ««. — — I <19OS)3r A.101 lftlU
no Ktd — I nnr5)Sr b. — ira*i
LAP lcm 5».1CC*4 — I (1»C«> IW«4 —
Mkt-st c fia.u« — t nnm ihh 1 -
Do lcm 59.11«*; ■ — tSPC 1 CK 3m: — — ' ,
MV& MtT5».lC5 110 i Do utaraTvi. JC« 108H
NRR «»f C6s.lf>fl*i — IS P B R «a.l34>(- —
Do 5s ii^llO* S V War «a.1(M% —
N P C R 5«.10o4 — I Do 4s 2di».lrt> —
jj C Rjr6».. — — f Do 4s 3<Im. 99 —
Continued on Pa^je Fourteen
1516
JOE RpSEX"DERG'S.
YOU'LL SAY SO
When You Wear Them.
For Women and Children
Merode
AND
Mentor
Underwear
Made of the FINEST cotton
grown; patent Jersey knit;
velvet feeling; cooling to the
most sensitive skin (a joy to
those that have not worn
them); they come in three
different weights — light, me-
dium and heavy; -high neck
and long or short sleeves;
also low neck and no sleeves;
no better fitting garment
made than these; knit to fit.
CHILDREN'S SHIRTS AND
PANTLETS — Small ?nd
medium size 2.">c
Large size 35c
CHILDREN'S COMBINA-
TION SUITS oOc
LADIES* VESTS, TIGHTS
AND PANTS noc
Extra large size 75c
LADIES' COMBINATION
SUITS ......75c
Extra large $1.OO
LADIES' KNITTED COR-
SET COVERS— Kid fitting. .
oOc
LADIES' DRAWERS — New
patent; knit kind; umbrella
shape; trimmed with a deep
crochet lace;- no ironing or
starching needed. Price. U5c
JOF ROSENBERG
*9 *l La THE p R|CE CUTTER
8!6 Market St. I! O'Farrell St.
Mail Orders Solicited.
Let Your Trip Be to Tahiti
A recent traveler says: "A delightful
sea voyage — a grood ship, spotlessly
clean and officered by grood fellows — a
cuisine equal to the best hotels. Tahiti!
a dreamland — a different world — balmy
climate — a variety of 6eenery and the
rreenost of all preen foliage. One meets
at Papeete a most delightful people,
kindly, generous, who extend a broad
welcome to their visitors."
The .midwinter excursion leaves San
Francisco December 3lst. Only $125 00
there and back. Ask the Oceanic Steam
ship Company. 643 Market street, for
folder and particulars. . , . •
BOY ACCUSED OK ROBBING HOUSE —
Georpe Henderson, 16 yearn eld, waa charred
at the Seventeenth-street Police Station yes
terday with burglary. He Is accused of hav
ing robbed the heme of James M. Horue at &30
Alabama street. '
'■. Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters re
moves uric acid from the system by dis-
Bolvlns the uric acid formation. •
INJURIES RESULT FATALLY. — Edward
Hurt, the thre«-year-old boy who was knocked
down by a milk wa«ron at Thirteenth and
IJelcher etreets last Saturday, died last nteht
from the injuries he received.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRUG CO.
\ PL-A(\ Xhll»#I Q* Phone Bush 51.
O O-**U 1 niru 51. open all night
. There is a reason for' these bargains:. A
certain manufacturer needed ready cash.
His goods jvere first class and we bought
them at a discount of 40 per cent below ; jf'
the regular wholesale price. We are willing
to share this advantage with you. This is
an opportunity you r cannot afford to ignore.
■ ■ V • ■ "~"s ' ' i — \ \
In aluminum, either plain, fancy
Toilet Or fi S ured - Also' in celluloid, stag
' hor nandebonized. Excellent qual-
OC15 ities and make beautiful gifts.
$ 1 .50, $2.00, $2.50, $3.00, $3.50, $4.00
BobV In pink and w nite, plain white, plain
Toilet P-* nk » blue and red celluloid. Ex-
C ♦ ceptional values. Gradually ad-
5etS vancing in price from* 75c up.
Package and bulk gcods. All odors
Per- °* t^ ie rnost Popular, makes. A
fffiri^c dainty bottle of perfume makes a
IUmeS handsome Christmas remem-
brance. 50c to $2.50.
A beautiful Bisque Image given
Free 'free- with^each purchase amount-
TORTONI'S NOW
THING OF PAST
Furnishings of Famous Re
sort Will Be Sold Under
the Auctioneer's Hammer
SCENE OF WILD GAYETY
Passing of Kestaurant Be
calls Days of Kevelry When
It Was in Its Prime
The Maison Tortoni, for over thirty
years, a resort for merrv gatherings
and midnight revelry, will soon be ojily
a memory, for to-morrow the strident
tones of the auctioneer's voice will
sound in the rooms where once noth
ing but reckless mirth was heard. The
rich furnishings of the resort will be
knocked down to the highest bidders.
The carpets over which once dainti
ly slippered feet trod lightly will be
torn up and sold — perhaps to a board
ing-house. The pianos that *,Jlngled
gay ditties from midnight lo dawn
may go to quiet homes. The heavy mir
rors that reflected brilliant lights and
the passing beauty of the women who
used to frequent the place will go — who
knows where?
If those furnishings could speak they
could tell tales of the pace that kills,
tales of reckless prodigality. But all
who know are as dumb as these inani
mate things. The proprietors of Tor
toni's always kept the secrets of their
patrons.
In the davs of the mining stock ex
citement Tortonl's stood fod wine, wom
en and sons in San Francisco. Then
the resort was at the height of its pros
perity. But prosperity of the kind that
visited Tortoni's Is short lived and the
maison was crowded out bv younger
competitors. The glamour of the name,
however, helped to keep it up — now
even that must pass. The gaudy fur
nishings will be scattered far and wide
and the glittering lights will never
again lure any one along the "prim
rose path."
The license of the last proprietor. S.
Constantini, was revoked by the Po
lice Commissioners on- complaint of
M. P. Scott of the Cooks* and "Waiters'
Union. Two waiters, both giving the
name of Peterson, gathered evidence
that made the board take that step.
It meant the end of Tortoni's. Tor
toni's \fllhout wine could not exist, so
Constantini was forced to sell out.
Tartaric Acid From Grapes.
Percy T. Morgan. W. B. Bundschu,
Professor Hilgard of the University
of California, C. de Guitme and An
drea Sbarboro. appointed a jury to
consider the awarding of a prize of
$25,000 to the successful competitor
who solves the problem of producing
tartaric acid In commercial quanti
ties from California grapes, met yes
terday at the rooms of the California
Promotion Committee and opened
communications on the subject from
375 persons, representing all parts of
the civilized world. These communi
catiojis will now be considered care
fully and a decision will be given if
the jury finds that any suggested
process is effective.
Had Weak Eyes.
I am uilnr George Mayerle's Eyewater and
find tt very eood for red, ■weak, painful, tired
and watery eyes, also floating spots. Win.
Longhoen. Hobart Mills. Cal. At druggists' 01
1071 H Market et.. 60e; by mall," 62c. •
Postal Appointments.
The following appointments and
promotions were reported yesterday
by Postmaster Fisk: John A. Mc-
Kee. laborer, resigned; Joseph A.
Kelly, promoted from $600 to $700;
John T. Welby, appointed to Kelly's
place; Carrier W. R. Foster re
moved; Hermann During promoted
from substitute carrier to regular car
rier, at $600. vice Foster.
Will Close Thursday, December 8.
t Mr. George Mayerle, the optician, will close
his store Thursday on account of holiday. Re
open Friday. ■ December ft. at 0 a. m. •
CHARGED WITH SHOPLIFTING.— Special
Policeman John J. Allen secured a warrant
from Police Judge Conlan yesterday for the
arrest of Marie Anderson on a charge of petty
larceny. It Is alleged that the woman on
Tuesday stole from the Emporium eight pins
of the total value of $40 75.
\ ■ ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER <7, 1904.
MUST WAIT THREE LONG
MONTHS BETWEEN DRINKS
Mrs, Albert ■■■ McKMnon. Has
: Promised 'to Be Good.
TAKES THE OATH IN COURT
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Mrs. Albert McKinnon, a buxom
housewife, accused of cruelty to her
two-year-old chjld, warmly resented
her husband's opinion that she was
Indissolubly wedded to the cud that
Inebriates. If she did imbibe ar
dent snlrlts once In a while it was
with reluctance, as she had no craving
for sucrt stimulants, and drank them
for medicinal purposes only. As for
noglecting her babe, how her spouse
could stand there and swear to such
a thing without fear of being stricken
dumb was more than she could under-
stand, although she had been taught
by bitter experience that he would not
allow moral scruple to stand between
him and the attainment of his de
sire, which in this case was her in
carceration, for reasons well known
to her, but which she would keep to
herself with a view of averting scan
dal. • • ...
"That's not true, Judge," said Mr.
McKinnon, a middle-aged artisan
with careworn countenance. "I don't
want to have her sent to Jail, but I
would like to have her compelled to
swear that she will stop drinking.
When sober she's a good wife and
mother."
"We can fix that right here," said
his Honor Cabaniss, "provided the
lady prefers voluntary abstinence In
freedom to enforced sobriety In
prison. If it is true, as she states,
that the drink habit has not hopeless
ly enslaved her. she can file no rea
sonable objection to making oath that
she will abjure the use of intoxicants
for a given period."
Mrs. McKinnon promptly accepted
the semi-challenge and Clerk Barney
Conlan was instructed to administer
the oath. With due solemnity he re
quested her to hold up her right hand
and repeat the pledge he was about to
dictate. She obeyed his instruction
most tractably until he said "for a
period of one calendar year from this
date," when her hand suddenly de
scended and she sharply demanded
what he meant by that.
"To swear you off for a year," the
clerk explained. "**
"Not much!" vociferated the lady.
"What do you take, me for? Why
don't you try to make it a century?
The i-dee-ah!" .
With folded arms she stood and
turned deaf ear 1 to both suasion and
Intimidation from Judge, clerk and
husband. She would .rather spend
the remainder of her earthly tenure
behind prison bars, she asserted, than
accede to' the proposed unnecessarily
protracted deprivation of ''malt or
spiritous liquor. Not that she be
lieved herself incapable of living up
to such a covenant — no, Indeed — but
she would never, submit. to -have her
good nature so grossly -imposed upon.
Then the Judge, by way of compro
mise, suggested that the term be re
duced to six months, but the sugges
tion was waved aside with a derisive
hand. . •
"Don't you think," she asked, "that
if I worried through three months
without taking a .drink I would be
pretty .jwell ; weaned?"
So three months rwas the period
agreed on, and the lady qualified her
acquiescence by informing the : court
that she wouldn't swear off for one
minute if she hadn't become tired of
the proceedings.
"Don't^ 'urt me character, yer wa
shup," said Henry Mathieson, steward
of the British ship Linton, when Judge
Mogan asked him what he meant by
displaying a large revolver in a Bar
bary Coast dance-hall and thus creat
ing great agitation among the femi
nine habitues thereof. "Wot I means
by that 'ere remark, sir," he continued,
"is that I 'ates f, be jugged, 'cause I
never 'ave bin scragged — in fac',' this
'ere is my first happearance before a
beak. This 'ere bobby can tell] yer
washup that I hoff ered no resistance
w'en he nailed me. Please don't ''urt
me character, sir!"
' "What did you carry a deadly wea
pon for— to kill- somebody?" the bench
inquired.
"Bless yer 'art, . no, sir. Me . maties
'inted that it would be a wise pre
caution to harm meself afore going
ashore, 'cause there was lots o' 'lgh
waymen halong th' docks. I didn't
hlntend t' 'arm hobuddy, yer washup,
an* ye can talke me word for It."
His word was taken.. ,
■ • ' • •;■■■'•
! Manager Ed Ackerman of the Cali
fornia Theater told Judge Conlan that
the newspaper photographer who was
battered by Comedian Charles Dox of
"The Runaways", company had ob
tained his (Mr. A.'s) permission to go
behind the scenes | and . investigate the
j reported attempted suicide of Miss
I Daisy Dale, soubrette. Prior to the
I photographer's arrival, .Mr. Ackerman
i added, a physician had examined Miss
! Dale and declared her swoon was not
I genuine. -
."What's that?" Inquired the Judge.
"The doctor said Mie was shamming,"
replied the manager.
"Ho, ho!" Quqth'. the, Judge,., "that
puts a new aspect on ; the case, •; and I
must continue it; for further^ investiga
tion. We'll have Miss Dale here, also
{ the physician ■ who . opined she <was
j shamming, and • then '. we may be : better
I able to declderwhether.it; Is Justifiable
! for.' an actor to assault a newspaper
man. who is permitted to go behind the
scenes to obtain the details of a re
ported attempt at suicide."
. The stage manager of "The Runa
ways" told the Judge that Miss Dale
had been much given to fainting spells,
and that for some unexplained reason
he had handed her a two weeks' no
tice to quit. His Honor was not visibly
impressed by the information.
Miss Lillian Stanley, actress, con
fessed to Judge Fritz that she lost her
temper^ arid did induce In fisticuffs
with several feminine habitues of an
O'Farrell street music-hall. But her
act waa~not unprovoked, Miss Stanley
added, as she had been "Joshed" and
"picked, on" by the other ladies until
a saint on earth could not have forbore
doing what she did. Her husband, an
actor, was employed in the music-hall,
she explained, and for reasons which
she did not consider it necessary, to
state, but which probably were obvi
ous, she deemed it proper to await his
dismissal for the night and accompany
him home. She was thus engaged, an,d
saying nothing to anybody, when sev
eral women at an adjoining table be
gan discussing her wifely devotion,
which they ascribed to Jealousy on her
part, and their remarks were appar
ently intended for her hearing. . She
stood the twitting Just as long as her
temper could bear up under the strain,
and then — well, her husband separated
the .combatants.
Case dismissed.
A tardy echo of the Jockeys' ball
wafted into Department No. 1, where
John Mason and Kittie, his wife, were
accused of disturbing the peace of the
200 block on Powell street at, 6 o'clock
last Sunday morning. They were en
gaged in fierce conflict when Patrol
man W. Kavanagh intrepidly dashed
into their apartment and stopped hos
tilities by arresting them. /
The primal cause of the infelicity.
as explained to Judge Mogan, was
Kittie's irrepressible desire to attend i
the jockeys' ball and John's resolute
opposing attitude. Not only did he
decline to escort her to the great terp
sichorean function, but also objected ;
to her proposed enlistment of a mu- !
tual masculine friend to serve In that
capacityi and informed her that if she i
attempted to go unprotected he would
"loosen her slats." But she went
It was 5 o' th* clock when Kittle,
fatigued but fearless, tripped into her
boudoir, and John at once proceeded
to fulfill his threat of slat loosening.
Kittie, however, failed to accept the
promised penalty of her disobedience
with expected supineness. As her
spouse aimed his first kick she adroit
ly sidestepped, deftly picked up an
alarm clock and hurled it at his head.
He ducked and. the missile flew wide.
Then she clinched and hung on while
he vainly endeavored to deliver the
delayed kick, and both of them were
doing some nifty short arm punching
when the policeman, attracted by the
screams of affrighted female neigh
bors, stepped In anfi tore them asun
der. - '
"I didn't go to the dance Just be
cause I wanted to go to the dance,"
said Kittle to Judge, Mogan, "but just
to show him that- he couldn't bluff me
Into staying at home." j
John's promise to abstain from fu
ture . enforcement of his demands by
applying his feet resulted in dismissal
of the case.
Joseph Ellenbok'a face '— 7 or as
much of it as was visible — bore un
mistakable signs ,of recent and severe
pummellng. His eyes were environed
by mounds of . purple flesh, ■ his nose
was lopsided .and his mouth awry,
bandages concealing. the remainder of
his visage. Yet he stood. before Judge
CabanLss a defendant, the charge be
ing assault with a deadly weaoon, to
wit, one knife, with which he punc
tured a leg belonging to Charles Can
ning, blacksmith of 215 Tehama street,
while the twain were engaged In acri
monious discussion of a -future sport
ing event. It was Mr. Canning's
gnarled fists that effected the decora
tion of Mr. Ellenbok's countenance,
and the Judge's opinion that the .de
fendant had been amply punished for
his 'knife play was supplemented with
an O. R. order.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H RINGS' . |y
are, perhaps, more pleas-
ing: to ■ more women than ;
any other article of Jew-
elry. To possess too
many is Impossible.
. WE HAVE'RINGS MOD-
EST TONE AND
PRICE. -^WE HAVE
.others: more ef-
fective and expen-
sive, the • price. in
. all cases, is just.
Bohm-Bristol Co.
/ J e wel er s a n d' * - r .
.•_ Stiver smiths . Vx
p¥) ■ 104-1 10 Geary Street. Y^\
MISS JOLLIFFE
WINS THE DAY
Lawyer Johnson Vanquished
by a Bright Eetort From
Charming Society Belle
CALL MANY WITNESSES
Railroad Agent Is Sure Miss
Dolbeer/Was Sane on the
Horning Before Fatality
In the' Dolbeer will, case yesterday
there was an Interesting contest ' of
wits.. Miss Virginia Jolliffe flashed her
pretty black eyes in vexation as Hiram
Johnson plied questions in cross-exam
ination, but the next moment there
would be dimpling smiles, for the suave
attorney would quickly relent when he
saw that he gave annoyance. A face
tious or pleasing turn to his queries
would quickly restore good cheer. Aside
from Miss Jolliffe's experience on the
stand there was nothing in the pro
ceedings to arouse Interest.
The young society woman ■ was a
strong witness for the proponent. She
had known Miss Dolbeer intimately for
several years, and ,was with her in
Paris the few weeks preceding her
death In New York. The witness swore
that Miss Dolbeer was at all times in
normal frame of mind and free of the
suspicion of "melancholia.
While the testatrix participated in
the many diversions offered by the gay
city, she complained that she was not
enjoying herself as much as she had
expected, for the reason that she had
no gentleman friend to escort her to
all the places she would like to visit.
However, Miss Dolbeer was in good
spirits and cheerfully, entered into the
gayeties wherever she went. Sh*e suf
fered from a^cold, but otherwise had
no ailment, so far as the witness knew.
"You say that Miss Dolbeer was a
strong girl, and that there was little
possibility that anything could tire,
her?" asked Johnson toward the end
of his protracted cross-examination,
and in a tone that bordered on sar
casm.
"Oh, yes, there are things that would
tire her," and Miss Jolllfie's eyes shot
a merry glance at the lawyer.
The answer came so sweetly and so
brightly that Johnson soon excused
Miss Jolllffe from the cross-examina
tion that she thought would weary even
Hercules.
W. H. Mangels, a salesman at
Shreve's, testified that on April 23, the
day the testatrix made her will, she
bought a sliver dish from him that
was sent to Miss Wilson of Berkeley.
The witness was positive Miss Dolbeer
was sane that day.
G. M. Koeppel and P. W. Morehouse,
employed in a local railroad office, told
of the sale to Miss Dolbeer and Miss
Warren of tickets to New York. The
witnesses noticed nothing unusual
about the testatrix.
Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase, who
was an Intimate social acquaintance,
also expressed the opinion that Miss
Dolbeer was of sound mind.
Professor George Davidson, Captain
Charles Nelson, John A. Hooper, Hugh
Huddleston, Senator A. P.: Williams,
Isaac P. Owens and Charles Laton, who
were friends for many years of John
3LARKS BROS.
Sant>a Claus
Will Be at,
Marks Bros.
TO-DAY \.
From 10 to 12 a. m. and from 2 to
5 p. m. He will give presents to all
children accompanied by parents.
2 BIG LEADERS FOR
FLANNELETTE KIMONA
LIKE CUT, made with the GRACEFUL
KJ.WNA SLEEVES-trimmid with WIDE
BORDER cf FLANNELETTE to JUTCH
the PREVAILING COLOR. All sizes.
WW<6to/4Ks
} f m f)jL\ T HJW-t-' 1&*
3ROWW & VW™^
BLUE. I J$US^'
■ ■ ■■*■.-. y
MARKS BROS,
"The Home of Honest Values."
1220-1224 MARKET STREET
■ ■ .. .■ ' ■ : ■ ■ ■;'■ / " ; , V, ' ■
advektiskmeStts. "\ : y_'--J.
O'CONNOR, MOFFATT ®> CO.
for
A most suitable gift for Chirstmas is something in Hou3e
Furnishings. We are displaying an elegant stock of all kinds of
such goods. Table Linens, Lunch and Dinner Sets, Fine Bed-
ding, Lace Bed Sets and many other useful articles.
LACE BED SETS
Handsome Ruffled Lace Bed Sets, on heavy French net, both
in white and Arabian, with showy center-piece and insertion —
bolster piece to match,
' $6.50 and $7.50 Set*
SATEEN EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS
Best quality French sateen-covered Down Comforters, heavy
filling and well quilted. Choice line of colorings, some with plain
color on one side, figured on reverse, .
$5.50 to $9.50 Each
SILK COMFORTERS
The stock of Silk and Satin Comforters is the best we have
ever shown, and consists of plain and figured silks in all the
leading shades. These are filled with either lambs' wool or eider-
down, and are a most acceptable 'gift.
$10.00 to $25.00 Each
BLANKETS
We carry the best grades of California, Oregon and Eastern
Blankets. The winter stock is compfete. in all sizes. A soft,
warm blanket is most useful. A good grade can be had from $5x0
to $8.00 a pair. The fine selected wool from
$10.00 to $18.00 Pair _^
FRINGED LUNCH SETS
■ Table Linens are always in demands The white linen ehsth
with beautiful colored border and doylies to match, with heavy
knotted fringe, or the plain colors in pink or blue, also fringed.
Cloth, and dozen doylies to a set. These are 3 yards, *yi yards
and 3 yards long. Prices from
$6.00 to $8.50
HEMSTITCHED DINNER SETS
These sets are of Irish and German manufacture, and all the
designs are the latest. The quality is the best and will wear for
years. Cloths are from 2# yards to 4 yards long, with full-size
dinner napkins to match: All arc hemstitched. Prices from
$1 1.00 to $25.00 Per Set,
NOTE*. A mOSt acce P table and useful gift for
1 th« holidays is a Glove or a Merchandise
Order, which we issue for any amount and which is
received at any time in all departments for any goods.
HI to 121 Post Street
Dolbeer, father of the testatrix, testi
fied that his mind was at all times
sane. - ' '.'•'■■
Mrs. Helen A. Chase, the widow of a
nephew of John Dolbeer, was called to
tell of her acquaintance with Calvin
Dolbeer," her father-in-law, many years
ago, but it developed on cross-exam
ination that she could say nothing of
his mental condition, which the con
testants allege to have been unbalanced
for several years previous to his
death.
C. A. Gray, attorney for the safety
deposit bank, told • of the opening of
the box In which was found Miss Dot
beer's will after her death.
The deposition of Charles H. "Wilson
of Raymond & Whitcomb, New York,
was read, in which he described the
visit of Miss Dolbeer on the morning
of the day of her death to his office
to arrange for train accommodations.
She planned to leave for San Francisco
on the Wednesday following the Sat
urday on which she met her death. To
the deponent she appeared to be of
sound mind. The trial will be resumed
this morning.
PERSOXAIj.
' Dr. E. C. Dunn of Fresno Is at the
Dr. I* A. Perce of Long Branch Is
at the Lick.
! J. B. Chandler, a lumberman of Va
caville. is at the Lick.
L. J. Rose Jr., a fruit grower of
Oxnard, is at the Palace.
H. S. Kirk, a merchant of Sacra
mento, is at the California. pj<
J. R. Duffleld, a 'mining: naan of
Goldflelds, is at the Palace.
P. H. Northy, a mining man of Sut
ter Creek, is staying at the Lick. .
J. D.' BIddel. a banker of Hanford.
registered at the Lick yesterday.
Fred T. Duhring, a lawyer of So
noma, is registered at the Occidental.
W. E. Crothers, a well known attor
ney of San Jose. Is staying at the Pal
ace. .
United States Marshal H. Z. Os
borne of Los Angeles is at the St.
Francis.
Reese Llewellyn,' a prominent young
business man of Los Angeles, is
among the latest arrivals at the Pal
ace.
George W. Patterson of Stockton la
at the Grand. He is here in connec
tion with the business, affairs of the
woolen mills in the Slough City.
Among .yesterday's arrivals at the
St. ., Francis from Honolulu were Col
onel George Macfarlane and Major
Samuel Parker and their families.
Banker George P. Nixon of Winne
mucca, who will succeed 'William M.
Stewart ,as United States Senator from
Nevada, arrived at the Palace yester
day.
J. C. Mitchelson. a wealthy tobac
co nfSrchant of Chicago, and his wife
arrived yesterday at the California
from the Orient. They are complet
ing a tour of the -world.
Green Estate Settled.
The William Arthur Green estate,
which has been in trust- for sixteen
years, has been settled aud will be di
vided between Lady Amy Eliza Home
and Sydney H. Peddar and his daugh-.
ter, of London, England. Peddar and
y». H. Lloyd, the trustees, ■ have made
their final report and'Judi-e Coffey has
allowed them $10,000 for their sef-'
vices. The heirs get two valuable
pieces- of' property, at the southeast
corner of O'Farrell . and Jones streets
and one piece on Howard near Fourth
street, and there Is $2779 In cash. Au
gustus R. : Green, a brother of the de
ceased, living In Alameda County, has
renounced his right to i 1 0 0 a month
annuity under. the will. Another piece
of property on Market street was sold
tor 5381, SS4 and out of this a mort
sa&e of $142,000 was paid, the balance
being Kiven to the heirs.
Bnrnett'n Vanilla Extract la io!d
tjr all th* beat grocer* everywhere, try It •
TROUBLE BETWEEN PARTNERS.— A raft
for the absolution of the partnership la th«
N'crth Side Varieties on Keaxny street has be»n
begun by Mlcaela Hallett against James j\
Hallstt, the brother of her deceased husband
They went Into bualness on September 21 and
three days later tha brother took exclusive
possession of tha business, which Is sail to b*
worth $5CCO. Sh« says ha employed members
of his own family at extravagant waxes and
appropriated th« profits to his own ass.
APVEKTlSEMEyTS.
I Chickering
I A Name Wedded *
,| With Quality \
a In Pianos : t t : |
I Curtaz I
I A Name Linked jj
I With Honor in j
J . Piano Dealing I
1 Benj. CDRTAZ * Son I
I 16 O'Farrell St., S. F. f
n San Jose-Alaraeda-Fresno f
I Sheet Music at Half Price I
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUSS 70S M£XT.
EABMLZSS ZXTJSCTIOK. Cures ordinary
• easfs In a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. HO OT3IS T2&EAT2CE27T
REO.TJIKEI?. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. VBE7EKTS CO3TASION. Harm-
- less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
P. 8. KELLY'S PHAS2IACT. 102 Eddy.
Always Remember . the F£U J*i™2
Ij-axative S^roino ffjnimEB
Cnres a Cold in Ono Day, CrJ?ta 2 DaysPages ii to 20
PRESIDENT'S FUTURE POLICY IS REVEALED
TO CONGRESS IN A STRONG MESSAGE
JUST treatment for all citizens, with special privileges for none, in the administration of the laws; a firm foreign policy, combined with advocacy of the principle of arbitration
to promote the world's peace; the upbuilding of the navy and merchant marine, the one to safeguard the Monroe doctrine, the other to carry American commerce to the
remotest portions of the globe; fair dealing with territories and dependencies; the reclamation of the, arid lands of the West; restraint of immigration to the extent of
excluding undesirable aliens; greater uniformity in the criminal laws of the States— these are some of* the important features of the policy of President Roosevelt as outlined in
his message to Congress. No mention is, made of tariff revision. Currency reform is suggested; the President recommending that the Senate and the House join in an inquiry
to determine what changes would be most beneficial. • J \
Document Recommends Much Legislation
for the Nation's Betterment.
PRINCIPAL POINTS OF THE MESSAGE:
CAPITAL — Great corporations should be managed with due regard to the public interest as a whole. Where this can be done un
der the present laws, it must be done. Where these laws fall short, others should be enacted to supplement them.
LABOR — The wage workers have the right to organize and by all peaceful means to endeavor to persuade their fellows to join
them in organizations. They have under no circumstances the right to commit violence upon those, whether capitalists or
wage workers, who refuse to support their organization, or who side with those with whom they are at odds; The Govern
ment can neither discriminate for nor against non-union meen who are in its employ. Where Government employes band them
selves together for the purpose of extorting improperly high? salaries from the Government they are guilty of a grave im
propriety.
REBATES — The highways of commerce must be open to all and it is necessary to put a stop to all rebates.
MODEL. CITY — Washington, the capital of the nation, should be made an example to other American municipalities by enact
ing and enforcing needed laws for the District of Columbia. .
AGRICULTURE — Two thousand specialists in the employ of this department of the Government are making research into all
the sciences of production. Marked "benefits to the tillers of the soil has resulted. ~
IRRIGATION — Plans for the larger problems for the reclamation of arid lands have been solved, and it now remains, to execute
r-OTvicTTT a D^crrDfnrr ai c ? U .* , .. . . ... . . . . .;. ... .v . 4 4 .
t/CJlMtjULAR SERVICE — Salaries should be substituted for fees. A competitive system of examination for appointments is
NATIONAL QUARANTINE LAW — It is undesirable that a State should, on its own initiative, enforce quarantine regula
tions which are a restraint upon interstate commerce.
CURRENCY — Retirement of the greenbacks is urged. Every silver dollar should be made by law redeemable in gold at the
MERCHANT MARINE — Immediate attention is called to the need of encouraging American shipping by appropriate legis-
IMMIGRATION — We should not admit masses of men whose standards of living and whose personal customs are such that :
they tend to lower the level of the'Arnerican wage worker. --■ ■* ■:-.-. - ■-,./:. '■•'■■ ■■'::" '-%■ ■'-.• -^W^v s-';~-~^5]f£c~ : >.'^'. ■-;;■{?
PROTECTION OF ELECTIONS — The enactment of a law directed against bribery and. corruption is recommended.
CRIMINAL PROSECUTIONS — A system of procedure has grown up in the Federal courts which- makes the law. easy of en
forcement against the man who has no money and difficult of enforcement against the man who has money.. In criminal cases ;
the writ of the United States should run throughout its borders. The wheels of justice should not* be: clogged.
FOREIGN POLICY — American rights will be safeguarded at all times. The United States is an earnest advocate of the policy
of arbitration. iK-'S . f
THE NAVY — No more patriotic duty confronts us as a people than to keep the navy adequate to the needs of this country's con
1 rifc- ARMY — It must be kept at a high state of proficiency. The service should be made more attractive. More officers are
THE PHILIPPINES— At present the island tribes are utterly incapable of existing in independence. They must be helped
to rise in the higher scale of civilization and the capacity for self-government.
CALL, BUREAU. HOTEE.
BARTON, WASHINGTON.
Dec. 6.— The full text of
President Roosevelt's mes
sage to Congress follows:
To the Senate and House of Rep
resentatives—The nation continues to
enjoy noteworthy prosperity. Such
prosperity is of coarse primarily due to
the high individual average of our cit
izenship, taken together with our great
natural resources; but an important
factor therein is the working of our
long-continued governmental policies.
The people have emphatically express
ed their approval of the principles un
derlying these policies, and their de
sire that these principles be kept sub
stantially unchanged, although of
course applied in a progressive spirit
to meet changing conditions.
The enlargement of scope of the func
tions of the National Government re
quired by our development as a nation
involves, of course, increase of expense:
and the period of prosperity through
which the country is passing justifies
expenditures for permanent Improve
ments far greater than would be wise
in hard times. Battleships and forts,
public buildings and improved water
vays are investments which should be
made when we have the money; but
abundant revenues and a large surplus
always invite extravagance and con
stant care should be taken to guard
against unnecessary increase of the or
dinary expenses of government- The
cost of doing Government business
should be regulated with the same rigid
scrutiny as the cost of doing a private
business.
Capital and Labor
Have Equal Rights
Federal Government Should Set
Example io the States in En
forcing the Lckv.
In the vast and complicated mech
anism of our modern civilized life the
dominant note is the note of Industrial
ism; and the relations -of capital and
labor, and especially of organized cap
ital and organized labor, to each other
and to the public at large come second
fn importance only to the intimate ques
tions of family life. Our peculiar form
of government, with its sharp division
of authority between the nation and the
several States, has been on^the whole
far more advantageous to our develop
ment than a more strongly centralized
government. But it is undoubtedly re
sponsible for much of the difficulty
of meeting: with adequate legislation
the new problem* presented by > the to
tal change in industrial conditions on
this continent during the last half cen-
tury. In actual practice It has. proved
exceedingly difficult, and in many cases
impossible, to get unanimity of wise
action among the various States on
these Fubjects. From the very nature
of the case this is especially true of
th*» laws affecting the employment of
capital in huze masses.
With regard to labor the problem Is
no less important, but It is simpler.
As long as the States retain the pri
marv control of the police power the
circumstances must be altogether ex
treme which require interference by the
Federal authorities, whether in the way
of safeguarding the rights of labor or
in the way of seeing that wrong is not
done by unruly persons who shield
themselves behind the name of labor.
If there is resistance to the Federal
courts, interference with the malls, or
interstate commerce, or molestation of
Federal property, or If the State au
thorities in some crisis which they are
unable to face call for help, then the
Federal Government may interfere; but
though such Interference may be
caused by a condition of things aris
ing out of trouble connected with some
question of labor, the interference itself
simply takes the form of restoring or
der without regard to the questions
which have caused the breach of order
— for to keep order is a primary duty
and in a time of disorder and violence
all other questions sink into abeyance
until order has been restored. In the
District of Columbia and in the Terri
tories the Federal law covers the entire
field of government, but the labor ques
tion is only acute In populous centers
of commerce, manufacturing or mining.
Nevertheless, both In the enactment
and In the enforcement of law the Fed
eral Government within its restricted
sphere should set an example to the
State governments, especially In a mat
ter so vital as this affecting labor. I
believe that under modern industrial
conditions it is often necessary, and
even where not necessary it is yet often
wise, that there should be organization
of labor In order better to secure the
rights of the individual wage worker.
All encouragement should be given to
any such organization, so long as it is
conducted with a due and decent re
gard for the rights of - others. There
are in this country some labor unions
which have habitually, and other labor
unions which have often, been among
the most effective agents In working
for good citizenship and for uplifting
the condition of those whose welfare
should be closest to our hearts. But
when any labor union seeks improper
ends, or seeks to achieve proper ends
by Improper means, . all good citizens
and more especially all honorable pub
lic servants -must oppose the wrong
doing as resolutely as they would op
pose the wrpngdoing of any great cor
poration. Of course any violence;; bru
tality or corruption should not! for one
moment . be tolerated. ' Wage-workers
have an entire ' right to 'organize and
by all peaceful and honorable means to
tndeavor to persuade their, fellows • to
Join with them in organizations. .: They
have a legal right, which, according to
circumstances, may > or . may r not be ■ a
moral right, to refuse to work in com-
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1904.
pany with men who decline to Join
their organizations. They have under
no circumstances the right to commit
violence upon those, whether capitalists
or wage-workers, who refuse to support
their organizations, or who side with
those with whom they are at odds; for
mob rule is intolerable In. any form.
EMPLOYERS' LIABILITY.
Employes of the Government
Should Be Safeguarded.
I The wage-workers are peculiarly en
titled to the protection and the encour
agement of the law. From the .very, na
ture of their occupation railroad men,
for instance, are liable to be maimed
an doing the legitimate work of their
profession, unless the railroad compa
nies are required by law to make ample
provision for their safety. The admin
istration has been zealous in enforcing
the existing law for this purpose. That
law should be amended and strength
ened. Wherever the National Govern
ment has power there should be a strin
gent employer's liability law/which
should apply to the; Government itself
where the Government is an employer
of labor.
In my message to the Fifty-seventh
Congress, at its second session, I urged
the passage of an employer's liability
la;v for the District of Columbia. I now
renew that recommendation, and fur
ther recommend that the Congress ap
point, a commission to make a com
prehensive study of employer's liabil
ity with the view of extending the pro
visions of a great and constitutional
law to all employments within the scope
of Federal power.
MEDALS'OF HONOR.
Acts of Conspicuous Bravery
Ought to Be Rewarded.
The Government has recognized hero
ism upon the water, and bestows medals
of honor upon * those, persons who by
extreme and heroic darinc have endan
gered their lives in savins or endeavor
ing to save lives from , the perils of
the sea in • the waters over which the
United States has Jurisdiction, or upon
an American vesseLr . This • recognition
should be extended to cover cases of
conspicuous • bravery ; and \, self-sacrifice
in the saving of life in private I employ
ments under, 1 the jurisdiction of :the
United States, . and particularly in '• the
land commerce. of; the nation.
TOO MANY ACCIDENTS.
Casualty List UpomRailroads
Matter of Public Concern.:
. The ever-increasing casualty, list up
on our ' railroads • is a matter ? of ; grave
public concern, and urgently calls for
action by the Congress. In the matter
of speed and comfort of railway travel
our railroads give at least as good
service as those of any other nation,
and there is no reason why this. serv-t
ice should not also be as safe as human
Ingenuity can make it. Many of our
leading roads have been foremost in
the adoption of the most approved safe
guards for >, the , protection of travelers
and employes, yet the list of. clearly
avoidable accidents continues unduly
large. The passage of a law requir
ing the adoption of a signal sys
tem has been proposed to the Congress.
I earnestly concur in that recommenda
tion, and would also point out to the
Congress the urgent nerd of legislation
in the interest of the public safety lim
iting the hours of labor for railroad em
ployes in train service upon railroads
engaged in interstate commerce, and
providing that only trained and expe
rienced persons be employed in posi
tions of responsibility connected with
the operation of trains. Of course noth
ing can ever prevent accidents caused
by human weakness or misconduct;
and there should be drastic punish
ment for any railroad employe, whether
officer or, man, "who by Issuance of
wrong orders or by disobedience ' of or
ders causes disaster. The law of 1901;
requiring interstate railroads to make
monthly reports of all accidents to pas
sengers and employes on duty,' should
also be amended so as to empower the
Government to make a personal Inves
tigation, through proper officers, of all
accidents : Involving loss of life which
seem to require investigation, with a
requirement that • the results of such
Investigation be made public.
The safety : appliance law, as amend
ed by the act of March 2. 1903, has
proved beneficial to railway employes*
and In order that its provisions may be
properly carried ' out, the force of in
spectors provided for .by appropriation
should be largely increased. This serv
ice is analogous *to : the Steamboat In
spection Service, and deals with J even
more important interests. It has pass
ed the experimental stage and demon
strated its utility, and should receive
generous recognition * by the- Congress.
FEDERAL "OPEN SHOP"
Non-Union Men Cannot ■ Be
'Discriminated Against.
.There is no objection to employes ; of
the; Government i forming • or belongin s
to : unions ; but / the ; Government can
neither discriminate for , nor. discrim
inate against" non-union men who are in
its "employment, or . who seek 1 to j be em
ployed under.it:; ; Moreover, it is a very
grave ; impropriety ; for, Government'em
ployes to , band themselves ; together for.
tie *- purpose i of ' ; extorting i- improperly
higb : salaries . from - Ti the . Government.
Especially, is ■ this true of those ? within
the classified - f service, r. The letter car
riers,*: both] municipal ' and '. rural, iT are ' as
a 'whole •' an T , excellent ; body ; of - public
servants. '} They; should be amply, paid.'
I PRESIDENT THEODORE ROOSE- I
VELT. WHO HOLDS ALL MEN
EQUAL UNDER THE LAW. j
But their payment must be obtained by
arguing: their claims fairly and honor
ably before the Congress, and- not by
banding together for. the defeat of those
Congressmen who refuse to give prom
ises which they cannot in conscience
give. The administration - has already
taken steps to prevent and ;■ punish
abuses of this nature; but it will be
wise for the Congress to supplement
this action by legislation.
BUREAU OF LABOR.
Requiring Early Solution.
Much can be done by the Govern
ment In labor- matters merely by giving
publicity to certain conditions. The
Bureau of Labor has done excellent
work of this kind in many different
directions. I shall shortly lay before
you In a special message the" full re
port of the investigation 'of the Bureau
of ? ; Labor into the Colorado mining
strike, as this Is a strike in which cer
tain very evil forces, which are more or
less at work everywhereunder the con
ditions of modern industrialism, be
came startllngly prominent. It is great
ly, to ■ be wished that the, Department of
Commerce and Labor,; through the La
bor Bureau, should compile and arrange
fcr;* the Congress a list of the labor
laws of ; the various States, and should
be ; given the \ means to investigate and
report , to : the Congress upon the labor
conditions in the- manufacturing and
mining regions throughout the country,
b?th asito .wages, as to hours of labor,
as to the labor of women and children,
and as to the effect in the various labor
centers of immigration from abroad. In
this - investigation . especial . attention
should be paid to the conditions of child
labor and child labor legislation "in the
several j States.^ Such an investigation
must ; necessarily take . Into account
many.,of -the problems with which;thls
question of "child labor : Is .. connected;
These problems can be actually. met. In
most , cases, ,• only by the States them
selves; .-but;, the lack of 'proper legis
lation z in one State , in such : a matter
as • child ; labor of ten renders it exces
sively, difficult to establish 'protective
restriction upon the ■ work In another
State, having,; the " same > industries, so
that' the i worst: tends to drag down Ithe
better. 0 For: this reason It would be well
for 'the -nation at ; least to : endeavor: to
secure 5 comprehensive ; information * as
to" the Vconditions of. '.labor of ; children
initbe different States. Such investiga
tion and publication - by the / National
Government would tend toward the se-
curing of approximately uniform legis
lation of the proper character among
the several States. -
Laws to Regulate
Great Corporations
Elimination of Present Abuses
One' Duty of the Washing
ton Government.
When we come to deal with great
corporations the need for the Govern
ment to act ■ directly . 13 far ' greater
than in « the case of labor, because
great corporations can , become such
only by engaging in interstate com
merce, and interstate commerce Is
peculiarly the field of the General
Government. It is an absurdity to ex
pect to eliminate the abuses in great
corporations by State action. It is dif
ficult'to" be patient with an argument
that such matters should be left to
the States, because more than one
State*: -pursues the policy of creating
on easy terms corporations which are
never " operated within that State at
all, but In other States whose laws they
ignore. The National Government
alone can deal adequately with these
great^ corporations*. To try. • to deal
with 'them, in an intemperate, destruc
tive or demagogic spirit would, in all
probability, 'mean that nothing what
ever would be accomplished, and. with
absolute certainty.' that vif anything
were accomplished It would be' of a
harmful } nature. The> American peo
ple need : to : continue : to ; show - the very
qualities -that they have shown-r-that
is,' moderation, good sense, the earnest
desire to avoid doing any damage,' and
yet the quiet determination. to proceed.
Pages 17 to 20
step by step, without bait and without
hurry, in eliminating or at least in
minimizing whatever of mischief or of
evil • there Is to Interstate commerce
in the conduct of great corporations.
They are acting in no spirit of hos
tility to wealth, either individual or
corporate. They are not against the
rich man any more than against the
poor man. On the contrary, they are
friendly alike toward rich man and
toward poor man. provided only that
each acts In a spirit of Justice and
decency, toward his fellows. Great cor
porations are necessary, and only men
of great and singular mental power can
manage such corporations successfully,
and such men must have great re
wards. But these corporations should
be managed with due regard to the
interest of the public as a whole.
"Where this can be done under the pres
ent laws it must be done. Where these
laws come short others should be en
acted to supplement them.
Yet we must never forget the deter
mining factor In every kind of work.
of head or, hand, must be the man's
own good sense, courage and kindliness.
More important than any legislation is
the gradual growth of a feeling of re
sponsibility and forbearance among
capitalists and wage- workers alike; *
feeling of respect on the part of each
man for the rights of others; a feeling
of bread community of interest, not
merely of capitalists among themselves,
and of wage-workers among them
selves, but of capitalists and wage
workers In their relations to each other,
and of both In their relation to their
fellows who- with them make up the
body politic. There are many captains
of Industry, many labor leaders, who
realize this. A recent speech by the
president at- one of our great railroad
systems to the employes of that system
contains sound common sense. It runs
In part as follows:
"It is my-belief we can better serve
each other, better understand the man
as well as his business, when meeting
face to face, exchanging views, and
realizing from personal . contact we
serve but one interest, that of our
mutual prosperity.
"Serious misunderstandings cannot
occur where personal good will exists
and opportunity for personal explana
tion Is present.
"In 'my early business life. I had ex
perience with men of affairs of a char
acter to'make me desire to avoid creat
inc a *lik$- feeling of desentment to my
self and the Interests in my charge,
should fortune ever place me In au
thority, and I am sdicitou3 of a meas
ure of confidence on the part of the
public and -our employes that I shall
hope may be warranted by the fair
ness and good fellowship I intend shall
prevail in our relationship.
Continued To Pare 18, Column 1.18
\A/ A /^C AA/HD J/CDC ARE BENEFITED BY ORGANIZATION, SAYS THE MESSAGE,
VVAUC VVVJI\KEl\O BUT VIOLENCE AND MOB RULE CANNOT BE TOLERATED
Continued From Pace 17, Column 7
"But do not feel I am disposed to
gram unreasonable requests, spend the
money of our company unnecessarily
or without value received, nor expect
the days of mistakes are disappearing,
or that cause for complaint will not
continually occur; simply to correct
such abuses as may be discovered, to
better conditions as fast as reasonably
may be expected, constantly striving,
with varying success, for that improve
ment we all desire, to convince you
there is a force at work in the right
direction, all the time making progress
— i« the disposition with which I have
come among you. asking your goodwill
and encouragement.
• T e day has gone by when a cor
poration ran be handled successfully
In defiance of the public will, even
though that will be unreasonable and
wrong. A public may be led, but not
driven, and 1 prefer to go with it and
Fhape or modify, in a measure, its
opinion, rather than be swept from
my bearings, with loss to myself and
the interests in my charge.
••Violent prejudice evists toward cor
porate activity and capital to-day,
much cf it founded in reason, more in
apprehension, and a large measure is
due to the personal traits of arbitrary,
unreasonable, incompetent and offen
sive men in positions of authority. The
accomplishment of results by indirec
tion, the endeavor to thwart the Inten
tion if not the expressed letter of the
law (the will of the people), a disre
gard of the rights of others, a disposi
tion to withhold what is due, to force
by main strength or inactivity a result
not justified, depending upon the weak
ness of the claimant and his indisposi
tion to become involved in litigation,
have created a sentiment harmful in
the extreme and a disposition to con
sider anything fair that gives gain to
the individual at the expense of the
company.
"If corporations are to continue to
do the world's work, as they are best
fitted to, these qualities in their rep
resentatives that have resulted in the
present prejudice against them must
be relegated to the background. The
corporations must come out into the
open and see and be seen. They must
take the public into their confidence
and ask for what they want, and no
more, and be prepared to explain satis
factorily what advantage will accrue
to the public if they are given their
desires; for they are permitted to exist
not that they may make money solely,
but that they may effectively serve
those from whom they derive their
power.
"Publicity, and not secrecy, will win
hereafter, and laws be construed by
their intent and not by their letter,
otherwise public utilities will be owned
and operated by the public which cre
ated them, even though the service be
less efficient and the result less satis
factory from a financial standpoint."
♦
CORPORATIONS BUREAU
Special Report Will Be Made
on the Beef Industry.
The Bureau of Corporations has made
careful preliminary investigation of
many important corporations. It will
make a special report on the beef in
dustry.
The policy of the bureau is to accom
plish the purposes of its creation by
co-operation, not antagonism; by mak
ing constructive legislation, not de
structive prosecution, the immediate
object of its inquiries; by conservative
investigation of law and fact, and by
refusal to issue incomplete and hence
necessarily inaccurate reports. Its pol
icy being thus one of open inquiry into,
and not attack upon, business, the
bureau has been able to gain not only
the confidence, but better still, the co
operation of men engaged in legitimate
business.
The bureau offers to the Congress the
means of getting: at the cost of produc
tion of our various great staples of
commerce.
Of necessity the careful investigation
of special corporations will afford the
Commissioner knowledge of certain
business facts, the publication of which
might be an improper infringement of
private rights. The method of making
public the results of these investiga
tions affords, under the law, a means
for the protection of private rights.
The Congress w ill have all facts except
such as would pive to another corpo
ration information which would Injure
the legitimate business of a competitor
and destroy the-incentive for individual
superiority and thrift. \
The bureau has also made exhaustive
examinations into the legal condition
under which corporate business is car
ried on in the various States; into all
Judicial decisions on the subject; and
into the various systems of corporate
taxation in use. I call special atten
tion to the report of the chief of the
bureau; and 1 earnestly ask that the
Congress carefully consider the report
and recommendations of the Commis
eioner on this subject-
The business of Insurance vitally
affects the great mass of the people of
the United States and is national and
not local in its application. It involves
a multitude of transactions among the
people of the different States and be
tween American companies and foreign
Governments. I urge that the Congress
carefully consider whether the power
of the Bureau of Corporations cannot
constitutionally be extended to cover
interstate transactions in insurance.
QUESTION OF REBATES.
Abuse of Carrier Privileges
Must Be Checked.
Above all else, we must strive to
keep the highways of commerce open
to all on equal terms; and to do this
Jt is necessary t^ put a complete stop
to all rebates. "Whether the shipper
or the railroad is to blame makes no
difference; the rebate must be stopped,
th* abuses of the private car and pri
vate terminal-track and «!de-track sys
tems must be stopped, and the legisla
tion of the Fifty-eighth Congress which
declares it to be unlawful for any per
son or corporation to offer, grant, give
ftollcit. accept or receive any rebate,
concession or discrimination in respect
of the transportation of any property
in interstate or foreign commerce
whereby such property shall by any
device whatever be transported at a
Jess rate than that named in the tariffs
published by the carrier must be en
forced. For some time after the enact
ment of the act to regulate commerce
it remained a mooted question whether
that act conferred upon the Interstate
Commerce Commission the power, after
It had found a challenged rate to be
unreasonable, to declare what there
after should, prima facie, be the rea
sonable maximum rate for the trans-*
portation in dispute. The Supreme
Court finally resolved that question in
the negative, so that a« the law now
stands the commission simply possess
the bare power to dem/unce a partlcu
• .I ate as unrea *onable- While I am
of the opinion that at present it would
,. e K? dc *i ral ? Ie ' lf lt * cr * noi imprac
.i t b!e : « n »» y <° clothe the.commis
sion with genera] authority to fix rail-
road rates, I do believe that, as a fair
security to shippers, the commission
should be vested with the power, where
a given rate has been challenged and
after full hearing found to be unrea
sonable, to decide, subject to judicial
review, what shall be a reasonable
rate to take its place; the ruling- of the
commission to take effect immediately,
and to obtain unless and until it is
reversed by the court of review. The
Government must in increasing degree
supervise and regulate the workings of
the railways engaged in interstate com
merce; and such increased supervision
is the only alternative to an increase
of the present evils on the one hand
or a still more radical policy on the
other. In my judgment the most im
portant legislative act now needed as
regards the regulation of corporations
is this* act to confer on the Interstate
Commerce Commission the power to
revise rates and regulations, the re
vised rate to a' once go into effect,
and to stay in effect unless and until
the court of review reverses it.
Steamship companies engaged in
interstate commerce and protected in
our coastwise trade should be held to
a strict observance of the interstate
commerce act.
♦
Capital of Nat ion to
Be a Model City
District of Columbia Legislation
Should Seme as an
Example.
In pursuing the set plan to make the
city of Washington an example to other
American municipalities several points
should be kept in mind by the legisla
tors. In the first place, the people of
this country should clearly understand
that no amount of industrial pros
perity, and above all no leadership in
international industrial competition,
can in any way atone for the sapping
of rtie vitality of those who are usually
spoken of as the working classes. The
farmers, the mechanics, the skilled and
unskilled laborers, the small shop keep
ers, make up the bulk of the population
of any country; and upon their well
being, generation after generation, the
well-being of the country and the race
depends. * Rapid development in wealth
and industrial leadership is a good
thinj, but only if it goes hand in hand
with improvement, and not deteriora
tion, physical and moral. The over
crowding of cities and the draining of
country districts are unhealthy and
even dangerous symptoms in our
modern life. We should not permit
overcrowding in cities. In certain
European cities it is provided by law
that the population of towns shall not
be allowed to exceed a very limited
density for a given area, so that the
Increase in density must be continually
pushed back Into a broad zone around
the center of the town, this zone hav
ing great avenues or parks within it.
The death-rate statistics show a ter
rible increase in mortality, and espe
cially In infant mortality, in over
crowded tenements. The poorest
families in tenement houses live in
one room, and it appear that,, in
these one-room tenements the aver
age death-rate for a number of
given cities at home and abroad is
about twice what it is in a two-room
tenement, four times what It Is in a
three-room tenement, and eight times
what it is in a tenement consisting of
four rooms or over. These figures vary
somewhat for different cities, but they
approximate In each city those given
above; and in all cases the increase of
mortality, and especially of infant mor
tality, with the decrease In the number
of rooms used by the family and with
the consequent overcrowding is start
ling. The slum , exacts a heavy total
of death from those who dwell therein;
and this is the case not merely in the
great crowded slums of high buildings
in New York and Chicago, but in the
alley slums of Washington. In Wash
ington people cannot afford to ignore
the harm that this causes. No Chris
tian and civilized community can af
ford to show a happy-go-lucky lack of
concern for the youth of to-day; for,
if so, the community will have to pay
a terrible penalty of financial burden
and social degradation in the to-mor
row. There should be severe child la
bor and factory inspection laws. It Is
very desirable that married women
should not work in factories. The prime
duty of the man is to work, to be the
breadwinner; the prime duty of the
woman is to be the mother, the house
wife. All questions of tariff and finance
sink into utter Insignificance when com
pared with the tremendous, the vital
importance of trying to shape condi
tions so that these two duties of the
man and of the woman can be fulfilled
under reasonably favorable circum
stances. If a race does not have plenty
of children, or if the children do not
gTow up, or if when they grow up they
are unhealthy In body and stunted 'or
vicious in mind, then that race is de
cadent and no heaping up of wealth,
no splendor or- momentary material
prosperity, can avail in any degree as
offsets.
The Congress has the same power of
legislation for the District of Colum
bia which the State Legislatures have
for the various States. The problems
incident to our highly complex modern
Industrial civilization, with its mani
fold and perplexing tendencies both for
good and for "evil, are far less sharply
accentuated in the city of Washington
than in most other cities. For this
very reason it is easier to deal with
the various phases of these problems
in Wpjshington, and the District of Co
lumbia government should be a model
for the other municipal governments of
the nation, in all such matters as su
pervision of % the housing of the poor,
the creation of small parks in the dis
tricts inhabited by the poor, in laws
affecting labor, in laws providing, for
the taking care of the children, in
truant laws, and in providing schools.
In the vital matter of taking care of
children, much advantage could be
gained by a careful study of what has
been accomplished in such States as
Illinois and Colorado by the Juvenile
courts. The work of the Juvenile court
is really a work of character building.
It is now generally recognized that
young boys and young girls who go
wrong should not be treated as crim
inals, not even necessarily as needing
reformation, but rather as needing to
have their characters formed, and for
this end to have them tested and de
veloped by a system of probation. Much
admirable work has been done in many
of our commonwealths by earnest men
and women who. have made a special
study of the needs of those classes of
children which furnish the greatest
number of - : Juvenile offenders, and
therefore the greatest number of adult
offenders; and by their aid, and by
profiting by the experiences of the dif
ferent States and cities in' these mat
ters, it would be easy to provide a good
code for the District of Columbia.
Several considerations' suggest the
need for a systematic investigation
Into and improvement of housing con
ditions In' Washington. The hidden res
idential alleys are breeding grounds of
vice and disease, and should be opened
Into minor streets. ' For a number: of
years influential citizens have joined
with the district commissioners' In the
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, DECEMBER 7, 1904.
President's Attitude Toward Unions.
WAGE- WORKERS have an entire right to organize and by all peaceful and honorable
means to endeavor to persuade their fellows to join with them in organizations. They
have a legal right, which, according' to circumstances, may or may not be a moral right,
to refuse to work in company \v*ith men who decline to join their organizations. They have un
der no circumstances the right to commit violence upon those, whether capitalists or wage-work
ers, who refuse to support their organizations, or who side with those with whom they are at
odds; for mob rule is intolerable in- any form. * * * There is no objection to employes of
the Government forming or belonging to unions; but the Government can neither discriminate
for nor discriminate against non-union men who are in its employment, or who seek to be em
ployed under it. Moreover, it is a very grave impropriety for Government employes to band
themselves together for the purpose of extorting improperly high salaries from the Govern
ment. Especialy is this true of those within the classified service.
vain endeavor to secure laws permit;
ting the condemnation of insanitary
dwellings. The local death rates, espe
cially from preventable diseases, are so
unduly high as to suggest that the ex
ceptional wholesomeness of Washing
ton's better sections is offset by bad
conditions in her poorer neighborhoods.
A special "Commission on Housing and
Health Conditions in the National Cap
ital" would not only bring about the
reformation of existing evils, but would
also formulate an appropriate building
code to protect the city from mammoth
brick tenements and other evils which
threaten to develop here as they have
in other cities. That the nation's cap
ital should be made a model for other
municipalities is an ideal which ap
peals to all patriotic citizens every
where, and such a special commission
might map out and organize the city's
future development in lines of civic
social service, just as Major L'Enfant
and the recent Park Commission plan
ned the arrangement of her streets
and parks.
It Is mortifying to remember that
Washington has no compulsory school
attendance law and that careful in
quiries indicate the habitual absence
from school of some 20 per cent of all
chi'dren between the ages of 8 and 14.
It must be evident to all who consider
the problems of neglected child life or
th<» benefits of compulsory education in
other cities that one of the most urgent
needs of the national capital is a law
requiring the school attendance of all
children, this law to be enforced by
attendance agents directed by the
Board of Education.
Public playgrounds are necessary
means for the development of whole
some citizenship In modern cities. It
Is important that the work Inaugu
rated here through voluntary efforts
should be taken up and extended
through Congressional appropriation of
fund? sufficient to equip and maintain
numerous convenient small playgrounds
upon land which can be secured with
out purchase or rental. It is also de
sirable that small vacant places be pur
chase! and reserved as small park
playgrounda In densely settled sections
of the city which now have no public,
open spaces and are destined soon to be
built up solidly. All these needs should
be met immediately. To meet them
would entail expenses; but a corre
sponding savins: could be made by stop
ping the building of streets and leveling
of ground for largely specu
lative in outlying parts of the city.
■ There are- certafn 5 Offenders, whose
criminality takes the shape of bru
tality and cruelty toward the weak,
who need a special type of punishment.
The wife-beater, for example, is inade
quately punished by imprisonment; for
imprisonment may. often mean nothing:
to him, while It may cause hunger and
want to the wife and children who
have been the victims of his brutality.
Probably some form of corporal pun
ishment would be the most adequate
way of meeting this kind of crime.
Government Assists
Tiller of the Soil
Splendid Results Achieved by. the
Federal Department of
Agriculture.
The Department of Agriculture has
grown into an educational institution
with a faculty of 2000 specialists mak
ing research Into all the sciences of
production. The Congress appropriates,
directly and indirectly, $6,000,000 annu
ally to carry on this work. It reaches
every State and Territory in the Union
and the islands of the sea lately come
under our flag. Co-operation is had
with the State experiment stations, and
with many other Institutions and in
dividuals. The world 1st carefully
searched for new varieties of grains,
fruits, grasses, vegetables, trees and
shrubs, suitable to various localities
in our country; and marked benefit to
our producers has resulted.
The activities of our age in lines of
research have reached the tillers of the
soil and inspired them with ambition
to know more of the principles that
govern the forces of nature with which
they have to deal. Nearly half of the
people of this country devote their en
ergies to growing things from the soil.
Until a recent date little has been done
to prepare these millions for their life
work. In most lines of human, activity
•college trained men are the leaders.
The farmer had no opportunity for spe
cial training until the Congress made
provision for it forty years ago. Dur
ing these years progress has been made
and teachers have been prepared. Over
5000 students are in attndanco at our
State agricultural colleges. The Fed
eral Government expends $10,000,000 an
nually toward this education and for
research in Washington and in the sev
eral States and Territories. The De
partment of Agriculture has given fa
cilities for post graduate work to 500
young men during the last seven years,
preparing them for advanced lines of
work in the department and in the
State institutions.
The facts concerning meteorology and
its relations to plant and animal life are
being systematically inquired into.
Temperature and moisture are controll
ing factors In all agricultural opera
tions. The seasons of . the cyclones of
the Caribbean Sea and their paths are
being forecasted with increasing accu
racy. The" cold winds that^ come from
the north ' are . anticipated and their
times and" Intensity told to farmers,
gardeners and fruiterers in all southern
localities.
"We sell $250,000,000 worth of animals
and animal products to foreign coun
tries every year, in addition to supply
ing our own people more cheaply and
abundantly than any ; other nation is
able to provide for its people. Success
ful manufacturing depends primarily
on cheap food, which accounts to a con
siderable extent for our growth in this
direction. The Department" of Agricul
ture, by careful inspection- of ' meats,
guards the health of - our ■- people and
gives clean bills of health to deserving
exports; it is prepared to deal promptly
with imported diseases of animals, and
maintain the excellence" of ' our ? flocks
and herds In this respect.*- There should
be an annual census of the livestock
of the nation, -fgttg
-We sell abroad about $600,000,000
worth of plants and their products
every year. Strenuous efforts are be
ing made to Import from farelpm coun
tries such grains as are suitable to our
varying localities. Seven years ago we
bought three-fourths of our. rice; by
helping the rice growers on the Gulf
coaht to secure seeds from the Orient
suited to their conditions, and by giv
ing them adequate protection, they now
supply home demand and export to the
islands of the Caribbean Sea and to
other rice growing countries. Wheat
and other grains have been imported
from light rainfall countries to our
lands in the West and Southwest that
have not .grown crops because of light
precipitation, resulting In an extensive
addition to our cropping area and our
home-making territory that cannot be
irrigated. Ten million bushels of flrst
class macaroni wheat were grown from
these experimental Importations last
year. » Fruits suitable to our soils and
climates are being imported from all
the countries of the Old World— the
fig from Turkey, the almond from Spain,
the date from Algeria, the mango from
India. We are helping our fruit grow
ers to get their crops into European
markets by studying methods of pres
ervation through refrigeration, packing
and handling, which have been quite
successful. We are helping our hop
growers by importing varieties that
ripen earlier and later than the kinds
they have been raising, thereby length
ening the harvesting season. The cot
ton crop of the country is threatened
with root rot, the bollworm and the boll
weevil. Our pathologists will find im
mune varieties that will resist the root
disease and the bollworm can be dealt
with, but the boll weevil is a serious
menace to the cotton crop.- It is a
Central American insect that has be
come acclimated in Texas and has dono
great damage. A scientist of the De
partment of Agriculture has found the
weevil at home in Guatemala being
kept in check by an ant, which has been
brought to our cotton fields for obser
vation, it is hoped that it may serve
a good purpose.
The soils of the country are getting
attention from the farmer's standpoint,
and Interesting results are following.
We have duplicates of the soils that
grow the wrapper tobacco in Sumatra
and the filler tobacco in Cuba. It will
be only a question of time when the
large amounts paid to these countries
will bo paid to our own people. The
reclamation of alkali land is progress
ing, to. give object lessons to our people
in methods by which worthless lands
may be made productive.
The insect friends and enemies of the
farmer are getting attention. The ene
my of the San Jose. scale was found
near the Great Wall of China, and is
now cleaning up all our orchards. The
flg fertilizing insect imported from Tur
key has helped to establish an indus
try in California that amounts to from
fifty to one hundred tons of dried figs
annually, and is extending over the
Pacific Coast. A parasitic fly from
South Africa is keeping in subjection
the black scale, the worst pest of the
orange, and lemon industry in Califor
nia. -
Careful preliminary work ia being
dene toward producing our own silk.
The mulberry is being distributed in
large numbers, eggs are being Imported
and distributed, improved reels were
imported from Europe last year, and
two expert reelers were brought to
Washington to reel the crop of cocoons
and teach the art to our own people.
The crop reporting system of the De
partment of Agriculture is being
brought closer to accuracy every year.
It has 250,000 reporters selected from
people in eight vocations in life. It has
arrangements with most European
countries for interchange of estimates,
so that our people may know as nearly
as possible with what they must com
pete.
Irrigation Projects
and Forest Reserve
Rapid Progress Toward the Re
clamation of Arid Lands
in the West.
During: the two and a half years
that have elapsed since the, passage of
the reclamation act rapid progress
has been made in the surveys and ex
aminations of the opportunities for
reclamation in the thirteen States and
three Territories of the arid West. Con
struction has already, been begun on
the largest and most important of the
Irrigation works, and plans are being
completed for works which will utilize
the funds now available. The opera
tions are being carried on by the Re
clamation Service, a corps of engineers
selected through competitive civil ser
vice examinations. This corps Includes
experienced consulting and construct
ing engineers as well as .various experts
in mechanical and legal matters, and Is
composed largely, of men who have
spent most of their lives in practical
affairs connected with irrigation. The
larger, problems have been solved and
It now remains to . execute with 'care,
economy and thoroughness the work
which has been laid out. All Important
details are being caref ul.y. considered
by boards of consulting engineers, se
lected for . their thorough knowledge
and practical experience. Each project
is taken up on the ground by competent
men and viewed from: the standpoint
of the creation oJ prosperous homes,
and of promptly refunding ' to the
Treasury the cost of construction. The
reclamation act' has been found to be
remarkably complete and effective, and
so broad in its provisions that. a wide
range of undertakings has been possible
under it. ''At the same time, economy
is guaranteed by the fact that the
funds must ultimately be returned to be
used over again.
It is the cardinal principle of the for
est reserve policy of this administration
that the reserves are for use. "Whatever
Interferes with the use of their, re
sourcesls to be avoided by every pos
sible means. But these resources must
be us*d in such a way as to make them
permanent.
The forest policy of the Government
i8/3U8tlnow a subject of vivid public
Interest throughout the West and to the
people 1 of. the United States in general.
The , forest * reserves : .themselves are " of
extreme value to^he present as .well as
to the future welfare of all the Western
public land States. They powerfully
affect the use and disposalof the public
land,?. They are of special . importance
because they preserve the water supply
and the supply of timber for domestic
purposes, and so promote settlement
under the reclamation act. Indeed, they
are essential to the welfare of every
one of the great interests of the West.
Forest reserves are created for two
principal purposes. The first is to pre
serve the water supply. This is their
most important use. The principal users
of the water thus preserved are irriga
tion, ranchers and settlers, cities and
towns to whom their municipal water
supplies are of the very first impor
tance, users and furnishers of water
power, and the users of water for do
mestic, manufacturing, mining and
other purposes. All these are directly
dependent upon the forest reserves.
The second reason for which forest
reserves are created is to preserve the
timber supply for various classes of
wood users.. Among the more impor
tant of these are settlers under the re
clamation act and other acts, for whom
a cheap and accessible supply of timber
for domestic uses is absolutely neces
sary; miners and prospectors, who are
In serious danger of losing their timber
supply by fire or through export by
lumber companies when timber lands
adjacent to their mines pass into pri
vate ownership; lumbermen, transpor
tation companies, builders and commer
cial Interests in general.
Although the wisdom of creating for
est reserves is nearly everywhere hear
tily recognized, yet, in a few v localities
there has been misunderstanding and
complaint. The following statement is
therefore desirable:
The forest reserve policy can be suc
cessful only when It has the full sup
port of the people of the West. It can
not safely and should not In any case
be imposed upon them against their
will. But neither can we accept the
views of those whose only interest in
the forest Is '-temporary; who are anx
ious to reap what they have not sown,
and then move away, leaving desolation
behind them. On the contrary, it is
everywhere and always the interest of
the permanent settler and the perma
nent business man, the man with a
stake in the country, which must be
'considered and which must decide.
The making of forest reserves within
railroad and wagon road land grant
limits will hereafter, aV for the past
three years, be so managed as to pre
vent the issue, under the act of June 4,
1S97, of base for exchange or lieu se
lection (usually called scrip)." In all
cases where forest reserves within
areas covered by land grants appear to
be essential to the prosperity of settlers,
miners or others, the Government lands
within such proposed forest reserves
will, as in the recent past, be with
drawn from sale or entry pending the
completion of such negotiations with
thf owners of the land grants as will
prevent the creation of so-called scrip.
It was formerly the custom to make
forest reserves without first getting
definite and detailed information as to
the character of land and timber with
in their boundaries. This method of
action often resulted in badly chosen
boundaries and consequent injustice to
settlers and others. Therefore, this ad
ministration adopted the present meth
od of first withdrawing the land from
disposal, followed by careful examina
tion on the ground and the preparation
of detailed maps and descriptions, be
fore any forest reserve is created.
I have repeatedly called attention to
the confusion which exists in govern
ment forest matters because the work
is scattered among three independent
organizations. The United States Is
the only one of the great nations In
which the forest work of the Govern
ment is not concentrated under one
department, ift • consonance with . the
plainest dictates of good administration
and common sense. The present ar
rangement is bad from every point of
view. Merely to mention it is to prove
that It should be terminated at once.
As I have repeatedly recommended, all
the forest work of the Government
should be concentrated in the Depart
ment of Agriculture, where the larger
part of that work is already done,
where practically all of the trained for
esters of the Government are employed,
where chiefly In Washington there is
comprehensive first-hand knowledge of
the problems of the reserves acquired
on the ground, where all problems re
lating to growth from the soil are al
ready gathered, and where - all the
sciences auxiliary to forestry are at
hand for prompt and effective co-oper
ation. These reasons are decisive in
themselves, but it should be added that
the. great organizations of citizens
whose interests are affected by the for
est reserves, such as the National Live
Stock Association, the National Wool
Growers' Association, the American
Mining Congress, the National Irri
gation Congress and the National
Board of . Trade, have uniformly, em
phatically and most of them repeat
edly, expressed themselves in favor of
placing all Government forest work in
the Department of Agriculture because
of the peculiar adaptation of that de
partment for it. It is true, also, that
the forest services of nearly all the
great nations of the world are under
the respective departments of agricul
ture, while in but two of the smaller
nations and in one colony are they
under the Department of the Interior.
This is the. result of long and varied
experience and It agrees fully with the
requirements of good administration In
our own case. - 4
The creation of a forest service in the
Department of Agriculture will-nave
for its important results: ',
. First— A better handling of all forest
work, because It wlllbe under a single
head, and because the vast and indis
pensable experience of 'the , department
in all matters pertaining to the forest
reserves, to forestry in general, and to
other forms of production from the
soil, will be easily and rapidly access
ible. ' >
Second— The reserves themselves, be
ing handled from -the point of view of
the man in the field, Instead of the man
in . the office. . will be more easily and
more ;. widely, useful to the people of
the West than has been the case hith
erto. :• „ '-.' ; ■-'■.::■-•«
Third— Within a comparatively short
time the reserves ,will;become self-sup
porting. -This - is important,] ; because
continually ' and rapidly increasing ap
propriations >will r be \ necessary, for the
proper, care of this ; exceedingly "import
ant • interest ' of the f nation, and ■ they
can and should be offset by returns
from the national forests. Under simi
lar circumstances the forest possessions
of other great nations form an import
ant source of revenue to their Govern
ments.
Every administrative officer concerned
is convinced of the necessity for the
proposed consolidation of forest work in
the Department of Agriculture, and I
myself have urged it more than once
in former messages. Again I commend
it to the early and favorable consid
eration of the Congress. The interests
of the nation at large and of the West
in particular have suffered greatly be
cause of the delay.
I call the attention of the Congress
again to the report and recommenda
tion of the Commission on the Public
Lands forwarded by me to the second
session of the present Congress. The
commission has prosecuted its investi
gations actively during the past season,
and a second report is now in an ad
vanced stage of preparation.
In connection with the work of the
forest reserves I desire again to urge
upon the Congress the importance of
authorizing the President to set aside
certain portions of these reserves or
other public lands as game refuges for
the preservation of the bison, the
wapiti and other large beasts once so
abundant in our woods and mountains
and on our great plains, and now tend
ing toward extinction. Every support
should be give to the authorities of the
Yellowstone Park in their successful
efforts at preserving the large creatures
therein;, and at very little expense por
tions of the public domain In other
regions which are wholly unsuited to
agricultural settlement eould be simi
larly utilized. We owe it to future
generations to keep alive the noble
and beautiful creatures which by their
presence add such distinctive character
to the American wilderness. The limits
of the Yellowstone Park should be ex
tended southward. The Canyon of the
Colorado should be made a national
park: and the national-park system
should include the Yosemite and as
many as possible of the groves of giant
trees in California.
Nation Owes Much
to Its War Heroes
Present Management of the Pen-
sion Bureau Is Entirely
Satisfactory.
The veterans of the Civil War have
a claim upon the nation* such as no
other body of our citizens possess. The
Pension Bureau has never in its history
been managed in a more satisfactory
manner than is now the case.
Indians Zrrogressmy
TJoward Civilization
Benefited by Nezv Policy That
Compels Them to Work for
Subsistence.
The progress of the Indians toward
civilization, though not rapid, is per
haps all that could be hoped for in
view of the circumstances. Within the
past year many tribes have shown, in
a degree greater than ever before, an
appreciation of the necessity of work.
This changed attitude is in' part due to
the policy recently pursued of reduc
ing' the amount of subsistence to th-
Indians, and thus - forcing them,
through sheer necessity, to work for
a livelihood. The policy, though severe,
is a useful one, but it is to be exercised
only with judgment and with a fall
understanding of the conditions which
exist in each community for which it
is intended. On or near the Indian res
ervations there is usually very little
demand for labor, and if the Indians
are to earn their living and when work
cannot be furnished from outside
(which is always preferable), then it
must be furnished by the Government.
Practical instruction of this kind won id
in a few years result in the forming of
habits of regular industry, which would
render the Indian a producer and would
effect a great reduction in the cost of
his maintenance.
It is commonly declared that the slow
advance of the Indians is due to the
unsatisfactory character of the men
appointed to take immediate charge of
them, and tu some extent this is true.
While the standard of the employes in
the Indian Service shows great Im
provement over' that of bygone years,
and while actual corruption or flagrant
dishonesty is now the rare exception,
it is nevertheless the fact that the
salaries paid Indian agents are not
large enough to attract the best men to
that field of work. To achieve satis
factory results the official in charge of
an Indlun tribe should possess the
high qualifications which are required
in the manager of a large business, but
only in exceptional cases is it possible
to secure men of such a type for these
positions. Much better service, how
ever, might be obtained from those
now holding the places were it prac
ticable to get out of them the best
that is in them, and this should be
dc-ne by bringing them constantly into
closer touch with their superior officers.
An agent who has been content to draw
his salary, giving in return the least
possible equivalent in effort and ser
vice, nyiy, by proper treatment, by
suggestion a-nd encouragement, or per
sistent urging, be stimulated to greater
effort and induced to take a more
active personal interest in his work.
Under existing conditions an Indian
agent . in the distant West may be
wholly out of touch with the office of
the Indian Bureau. He may very well
feel that no one takes a personal in
terest In ~ him or his efforts. Certain
routine duties in the way of reports
and accounts are required of him, but
there is no one with whom he may
intelligently consult on matters vital
to his work, except after lemg delay.
Such a man would be greatly encour
aged and aided by personal contact
with some one whose interest In Indian
affairs and whose authority in the
Indian Bureau were greater than his
own, and such contact would be certain
to arouse and constantly increase the
interest' he takes in his work.
The distance which separates the
agents — the workers in the field—from
the Indian Office in, Washington is a
chief obstacle to Indian progress.
Whatever shall more closely unite these
two branches of the Indian service and
shall enable them to co-operate more
heartily and more effectively, will be
for the Increased efficiency of the work
and the betterment of the race for
whose improvement the Indian Bureau
was established. The appointment of
a field assistant to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs would be ° certain to
insure this good end. Such an official,
if possessed ' of the requisite energy
and deep Interest In 'he work, would
be^ a" most efficient factor in bringing
into ; closer . relationship and a more
direct union- of effort the ' Bureau in
Washington and its agents In the field;
and with the co-operation of Its
branches thus secured the Indian Bu
reau would, in measure fuller than ever
before, lift up the savage toward that
self-help and self-reliance which con
stitute the man.
In 1907 there will be held at Hampton
Roads the tricentennlal celebration of
the settlement of Jamestown, Virginia,
with which the history of what has
now become the United States really
begins. I commend this to your favor
able consideration. It is an event of
prime historic significance, in which all
the pecple of the United States should
feel, and should show, great and gen
eral interest.
POSTAL SERVICE.
Increased Efficiency Shown
in This Branch.
In the Postofflce Department the ser
vice has increased in efficiency, and
conditions as to revenue and expendi
ture continue satisfactory. The in
crease of revenue during the year was
$9,358,181 10. or 6.9 per cent, the total
receipts amounting to $143,382,624 34.
The expenditures were 1132.362,116 70,
an Increase of abtrut 9 per cent over
the previous year, being thus $3,979,
492 36 In excess of the current revenue.
Included in these expenditures was a
total appropriation of $12,956,637 33 for
the continuation and extension of the
rural free-delivery service, which was
an increase of $4,902,237 35 over the
amount expended for this purpose in
the preceding fiscal year. Large as
this expenditure has been the beneficent
results attained In extending the free
distribution of mails to the residents
of rural districts have justified the wis
dom of the outlay. Statistics brought
down to the 1st of October, 1904, show
that on that date there were 27,108
rural routes established, serving ap
proximately 12,000,000 people in rural
districts remote from postofflces. ar.d
that there were pending at that time
3S59 petitions for the establishment of
new rural routes. Unquestionably some
part of the general Increase in receipts
is due tcr the increased postal facilities
which the rural service has afforded.
The revenues have also been aided
greatly by amendments in the classi
fication of mail matter, and the cur
tailment of abuses of the second-class
mailing privilege. The average in
crease in the volume of mail matter for
the period beginning with 1902 and end-
Ing June, 1905 (that portion for 1905
being estimated), is 40.47 per cent, as
compared with 25.46 per cent for the
period Immediately preceding, and 15.92
for the four-year period immediately
preceding that.
Our consular system needs improve
ment. Salaries should be substituted
for fees, and the proper classification,
grading and transfer of consular offi
cers should be provided. I am not pre
pared to say that a competitve system
of examinations for appointment would
work well, but by law it should be pro
vided that Consuls should be familiar,
according to places for which they
apply, with the French? German or
Spanish languages, and should possess
acquaintance with the resources of the
United States.
The collection of objects of art con
templated in section 5586 of the Revised
Statutes should be designated, and es
tablished as a National Gallery of Art:
and the Smithsonian Institution should
be authorized to accept any additions
to said collection that may be received
by gift, bequest or devise.
It is desirable to enact a proper na
tional quarantine law. It is most unde
sirable that a State should on its own
initiative enforce quarantine regula
tions which are" in effect a restriction
upon interstate and international com
merce. The question should properly
be assumed by the Government alone.
The surgeon general of the National
Public Health and Marine Hospital
Service has repeatedly and convincing
ly set forth the need for such legisla
tion.
I call your attention to the great ex
travagance in printing and binding:
Government publications, and especial
ly to the fact that altogether too many
of theae publications are printed. There
is a constant tendency to increase their
number and their volume. It is an
understatement to say that no appre
ciable harm would be caused by, and
substantial benefit would accrue from,
decreasing the amount of printing now
done by at least one-half. Probably the
great majority of the Government re
ports and the like now printed are
never read at all. and furthermore the
printing of much of the material con
tained in many of the remaining ones
serves no useful purpose whatever.
CURRENCY SYSTEM.
Houses of Congress Charged
With Its Betterment.
The attention of the Congress should
be especially given to the currency
question, and in the two houses
the standing committees on the
matter charged with the duty
should take up the matter uf
our currency and "see whether
it is not possible to secure an agree
ment in the business world for better-
Ing the system: the committees should
consider the question of the retirement
of the greenbacks and the problem of
securing in our currency such elasticity
as is consistent with safety. Every
silver dollar should be made by law
redeemable in gold at the option of the
holder.
Ttferchant 9/farine
and Our 7/farkets
President Recommends Legisla
tion for the Encouragement
* of Shipping.
I especially commend to your imme
diate attention the encouragement of
our merchant marine by appropriate
legislation.
I The growing importance of the Orient
j as a field for American exports drew
from my predecessor. President Mc-
Klnley, an urgent- request for its spe-
I cial consideration by the Congress. In
* his message of 1S3S he stated:
"In this relation, as showing the
peculiar volume and value of our trade
with China and the peculiarly favorable
coiMltions which exist for their expan
sion in the normal course of trade, I
refer to the co-mmunication addressed
to the Speaker of the House of Repre
: sent&tives by the Secretary of the
j Treasury on the 14th of last June, with
: its accompanying letter of the Secre
, tary of State, recommending an appro
priation for a commission to study
j the industrial and commercial condl
• tions in the Chinese Empire and to re-
I port as to the opportunities for and the
j obstacles to the enlargement of markets
tin. China for the raw products and man
ufactures of the United States. Action
Continued 'fo Page 19, Column 1.P O P C I f^ W DH I I PV X>OF TH^ ADMINISTRATION WILL SAFEGUARD AMERICAN
1 \J IVCI VJlN rULlU I RIGHTS FEARLESSLY AND. WITH JUSTICE TO NATIONS
Continued From Page 18, Column ".
v.es not taken thereon during the last
Kcssion. 1 cordially urge that the cec
ominendation receive at your hands the
consideration which its Importance and
timeliness merit."
In his annual message of 1S99 he
apain called attention to this recom
mendation, quoting it^and stated fur
ther:
"I now renew this recommendation,
as the importance of the subject has
steadily grown since it was first sub
mitted to you. and no time should be
loct in studying for ourselves the re
sources of this preat field for American
trade and enterprise."
> "Hie importance of securing proper in
formation and data with a view to the
enlargement of our trade with Asia is
undiminished. Our consular represen
tatives In China have strongly urged
a place for permanent display of Amer
ican products In some prominent- trade
center of that empire, under Govern
ment control and management, as an
effective means of advancing our ex
port trade therein. I call the attention
of the Congress to the desirability of
carrying out these suggestions.
■J'arQtgn Smmfgrantd
and 7f aiuralization
Citizenship of the United State*
Should Be Guarded Against
Debasement.
In dealing with the questions of Im
migration and' naturalization it is in
dispensable to keep certain facts ever
before the minds of those who share
in enacting the laws. First and fore
most, let us remember that the ques
tion of being a good American has
nothing whatever to do with a man's
birthplace any more than it has to do
with his creed. In every generation
from the time this Government was
founded men of foreign birth have
stood in the very foremost rank of good
citizenship, and that not merely in one
but in even* field of American activity;
while to try to draw a distinction be
tween the man whose parents came to
this country and the man whose ances
tors came to it several generations
back is a mere absurdity. Good Amer
icanism is a matter of heart, of con
science, of lofty aspiration, of sound
common Fense. but not of birthplace
or of creed. The medal of honor, the
highest prize be won by those who
serve in the army and the navy of the
United States, decorates men born here,
and it also decorates men born in
Great Britain and Ireland, in Germany,
in Scandinavia, in France and doubt
less in other countries also. In the
field r.t statesmanship, in the field of
business, in the field of philanthropic
endeavor, it is equally true that among
tb* men of whom we are most proud
as Americans no distinction whatever
can be drawn between those who them
selves or whos*- parents came over in
sailir.e ship or steamer from acrcss the
water and those whose ancestors step
;>ed ashore into the wooded •wilderness
at Plymouth or at the mouth of the
Hudson, the Delaware or the James
nearly three "centuries ago. No fellow
citizen of ours is entitled to any pe
culiar regard because of the way in
which he worships his Maker, or be
cause of the birthplace of himself or
his parents, nor should he be in any
way discriminated against therefor.
Each must stand on his worth as a
man and each is entitled to be judged
solely thereby.
There is no danger of having too
many immigrants of the right kind.
It makes no difference from what coun
try they come. If they are sound In
body and in mind, and, above all. if
they are of good character, so that we
can rest' assured that their children and
grandchildren will be worthy fellow
citizens of our children and grand
children, then we should welcome them
with cordial nospitality.
But tho citizenship of this country
should not be debased. It is vital that
we ghouH keep high the standard of
well-b^inp Among oar wage-workers,
an* therefore we should not admit
masses of men whose standards of liv
ir.e and whose personal customs and
habits are such that they tend to lower
the level of the American wage- worker;
and above ail we should not admit any
m*n of an unworthy type, any man
concerning whom we can say that he
will himself be a bad citizen, or that
his children and grandchildren will de
tract from instead of addin? to the sum
nf the good citizenship of the country-
Similarly we should take the greatest
'-arp about naturalization. Fraudulent
naturalization, the naturalization of
improper persons, is a curse to our
Government; and It is the affair of
every honest voter, wherever born, to
*ee that no fraudulent voting is al
lowed, that no fraud In connection with
naturalization is permitted.
In the past year the cases of false,
fraudulent and improper naturalization
of aliens coming to the attention of the
executive branches of the Government
have increased to an alarming degree.
.Kxteasive sales of forged certificate*
of naturalization have been •discovered,
as well as many cases of naturalization
secured by perjury and fraud; and in
addition, instances have accumulated
showing that many courts issue certifi
cates of naturalization carelessly and
upon insufficient evidence,
• Under the constitution it is in the
power of the Congress "to establish a
uniform rule of naturalization," and
numerous law? have from time to time
been enacted for that purpose, which
have been supplemented In a few States
by Ftm* laws having special applica
tion. The Federal statutes permit nat
uralization by any court of record In
the United States having common law
Jurisdiction and a seal and clerk, ex
cept-ih«? police court of the District of
Columbia. ;ind nearly all these courts
exercise this important function. ; It
rorults that where so many courts of
such varying grades have Jurisdiction.
ther» is lack of uniformity in the rules
applied in conferring naturalization.
Some courts are strict and others lax.
An alion rrho may secure naturalization
in one £lac« might be denied it In au
oth^r. and the intent of the constitu
tional provision is in fact defeated.
Furthermore, the certificates of natur
alization issued by the courts differ
widely In wording ar.d appearance, and
when they are brought into use in for
'ign countries are frequently subject to
suspicion.
CITIZENSHIP LAWS.
Problem That Requires In
quiry and Legislation.
There chould be a comprehensive re
vision ot the naturalization laws. The
court* having: power to naturalize
phould h» definitely named by national
authority: the testimony upon which
naturalisation may be conferred should
b* definitely prescribed; publication of
imp*ndfnjr naturalization application?
should t*i required . in advance of their
hearing in court:. the form and wording
< f all certificates irsued should be uni
to^m thrcuphout the country, and the
eonrtr should be required 'to make re-
turns to the Secretaryof State at stated
periods of all naturalizations conferred.
Not only are the laws relating to nat
uralization uotv defective, but those re
lating to citizenship of the United
States ought also to be made the sub
ject of scientific inquiry with a view
fo probable further legislation. By what
acts expatriation may be assumed to
have b«vn accomplished, how long an
American citizen may reside abroad
and receive the protection of our pass
port, whether any degree of protec
tion should be extended to one who has
maile the declaration of intention to
become a citizen of the United States
but has not secured naturalization, are
questions of serious import, involving
personal rights and often producing
friction between this Government and
foreign Governments. Yet upon these
questions our laws are silent. I recom
mend that an examination be made into
the subj*.-cts of citizenship, expatria
tion and protection of ■ Americans
abroad, with a view to appropriate leg
islation. " . . "-
The power of the Government to pro
tect the integrity of the elections of its
own officials is inherent and has been
recognized and affirmed by repeated
declarations of the Supreme Court.
There is no enemy of free government
more dangerous and none so insidious
as the corruption of the electorate. No
one defends or excuses corruption, and
it would seem to follow that none would
oppose vigorous measures to eradicate
it- I recommend the enactment of a
law 'directed against bribery and cor
ruption in Federal elections. The de
tails of such a law may be safely left
to the wise* discretion of the congress,
but it should go as far as under the
constitution it is possible to go, and
should include severe penalties against
him who gives or receives a bribe in
tended to influence his act or opinion
as an elector; and provisions for the
publication not only of the expendi
tures for nominations and elections of
all candidates but also of all contribu
tions received and expenditures made
by political committees.
CRIMINAL TRIALS. !
Justice Defeated by Peculiar
Operation of Laws, v j
Xo subject is better worthy the at«4
tention of the CongTess than that por
tion of the report of the Attorney Gen
eral dealing win the long- delays and
the great obstruction to Justice expe
rienced in the cases of Beavers, Green
and Gaynor and Benson. Were these
isolated and special cases, I should
not call your attention to them; but
the difficulties encountered as regards
these men who have been indicted for ,
criminal practices are not exceptional;
they are precisely similar in kind to
what occurs again and again in the**
case of criminals who have sufficient
means to enable them to take advant
age of a system of procedure which
has grown up in the Federal courts,
and which amounts In effect to making
the law easy of enforcement against
the man who has no money, and diffi
cult of enforcement, even to the point
of sometimes securing immunity, as re
gards the man who ha* money. In
criminal cases the writ of the United
States should run throughout its bor
ders. The wheels of Justice should not
be clogged, as they have been clogged
in the cases above mentioned, where It
has proved absolutely impossible to
bring the accused to the place appoint
ed by the constitution for his trial. Of
recent years there has been grave and
Increasing complaint of the difficulty,
of bringing to justice those criminals
whose criminality, instead of being
against one person in the republic, Is
against all persons in the republic, be
cause it is against the republic itself.
Under any circumstance and from the
very nature of the case it is often ex
ceedingly difficult to secure proper pun
ishment of those who have been guilty
of wrongdoing against the Government.
By the time the offender can be brought
into court the popular wrath against
him has generally subsided; and there
is in most instances very slight danger
Indeed of any prejudice existing in the
minds of the jury against him. At pres
ent the interests of the Innocent .man
are amply safeguarded; but the inter
ests of the Government, that Is, the In
terests of honest administration, that
is the interests of thej people, are not
recognized as they should be. No sub
ject better warrants the attention of
the Congress. Indeed, no subject bet
ter warrants the attention of the bench
and the bar throughout the United
States.
jilaska Resourceful
SSeyond Sxpectatton
Territory's Progress Necessitates
i. Many Reforms in Laws
Affecting It.
Alaska, like all our Territorial acqui
sitions, has proved resourceful beyond
the expectations of those who made
the purchase. It has become the home
of many hardy, industrious, and thrifty
American citizens. Towns of a perma
nent character have been built. The
extent of its wealth in minerals, timber,
fisheries and agriculture, while great,
is probably not comprehended yet in
any Just measure by our people. We
do know, however, that' from a very
small beginning its products have
grown until they are a steady and ma
terial contribution to the wealth of the
nation. Owing to the immensity of
Alaska and its location In the far north,
it is a difficult matter to provide many
things essential to its growth and to
the happiness and comfort of its people
by private enterprise alone. It should,
therefore, receive reasonable aid from
the Government. The Government has
already done excellent work for Alaska
in laying cables and building telegraph
lines. This work has been done in the
most economical and efficient way by
the signal corps of the army.
In some respects ft has outgrown its
present law*, while In others those laws I
have been found to be inadequate. In
order to obtain information upon which
I could rely I caused an official of the
Department. of Justice, in whose Judg
ment I have confidence, to visit Alaska
during the past summer for the pur
pose of ascertaining how government
is administered there and what legisla
tion is actually needed at present. A:
statement of the . conditions found to
exist, together with some recommenda
tions and the reasons therefor, in which
I strongly concur, will be found In thf
annual report of the Attorney General.
In some instances I feel that the legis
lation suggested is so imperatively !
needed that I am moved briefly to em
phasize the Attorney General's propo
sals. jB&GB
Under the code of Alaska as it now
stands many purely administrative
powers and duties, including by far the
most important, devolve upon ; the dis
trict judges or. upon . the clerks of the
district court acting under the direc
tion of the Judges, while the Governor,
upon whom these, powers and duties
should logically fall, has noting spe
cific to' do 'except to make actual re-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 7. 1901.
Trust Abuses Must Be Eliminated.
WHEN we come to deai with great corporations the. need for the Government to act di
rectly is far greater than in the case of labor, because great corporations can become such
only by engaging in interstate commerce, and interstate commerce is peculiarly the field of
the General Government. It is an absurdity to expect to eliminate the abuses in great corporations
by State action. It is difficult to be patient with an argument- that such matters should be left
to the States, because more than one State pursues the policy or creating on easy terms corpora
tions which are never operated within that-State at all, but in other States, whose laws they
ignore. * * * Great corporations are necessary, and only men of great and singular men
tal power can manage such corporations successfully, and such men must have great rewards.
But these corporations should be managed with due regard to the interest of the public as a
whole. Where this caw be done under the present laws it must be done. Where these laws
come short others should t be enacted to supplement them.
ports, issue Thanksgiving 1 - day procla
mations, and appoint Indian police
men and notaries public. I believe it
essential to good government in Alaska
and therefore recommend that the Con
gress divest the district Judges and. the
clerks of their courts of the adminis
trative or executive functions that they
now exercise and cast them upon the
Governor. This would not be an in
novation; it would simply conform the
government of Alaska to fundamental
principles, making the Governorship a
real instead of a merely nominal office,
and leaving the judges .free to give
their entire attention to 'their judicial
duties and at the same, time removing
them from a great deal of the 6trife
that now embarrasses the judicial of
fice in Alaska.
I also recommend that the salaries of
the district judges and district attor
neys in Alaska be increased so as to
make them equal to those received by
corresponding officers in the United
States after deducting the difference in
the cost of living; that the district at
torneys should be prohibited from en
gaging in private practice; that United
States Commissioners be appointed by
the Governor of the Territory instead
of by the district judges, and that a
fixed salary be provided for them to
take the place of the discredited "fee
system," which should be abolished in
all offices; that a mounted constabu-
lary be created to police the territory
outside the limits of incorporated towns
— a vast section now wholly without
police protection; and that some pro
vision be made to at least lessen the
oppressive delays and costs that now
attend the prosecution of appeals from
the District Court of Alaska. There
should be a division of the existing
Judicial districts and-an increase in the
number of judges.
Alaska should have a delegate in the
Congress, where possible, the Congress
should aid in the construction of needed
wagon roads. Additional lighthouses
should be provided. In my Judgment
it is especially important to aid in such
manner as seems Just and feasible in
the construction of a trunk line of
railway to connect the Gulf of Alaska
with the Yukon River through Ameri
can territory- This would be moet ben
eficial to the development of the re
sources of the Territory,' and . to the
comfort and welfare of its people.
Salmon hatcheries should be estab
lished in many different streams, so as
to secure the preservation of this valu
able food fish. Salmon fisheries and
canneries should be prohibited on cer
tain of the rivers where the mass of
those Indians dwell who live almost
exclusively on fish.
The Alaskan natives are kindly, in
telligent, anxious to learn and willing
to work. Those who have come under
the influence of civilization, even for
a limited period, have proved their
capability erf becoming self-supporting,
self-respecting citizens, and ask only
for the Just enforcement of law and
intelligent instruction and supervision.
Others, living in more remote regions,
primitive, simple hunters and fisher
folk, who -know only the life of the woods
and the waters, are daily being con
fronted with twentieth-century civiliza
tion with all of its complexities. Their
country is being overrun by strangers,
the game slaughtered and driven away,
the streams depleted of fish, and hith
erto unknown and fatal diseases
brought to them, all of which com
bine to Droduce a state of abject pov
erty and want which must result in
their extinction. Action in their inter
est is demanded by every consideration
of Justice and humanity.
The needs of .these people are:
The abolition of the present fee sys
tem, whereby the r : native is degraded.
Imposed upon and taught the injustice
of law.
The establishment of hospitals at
central points, so that contagious dis
eases that are brought < to them con
tinually by incoming whites may be
localized and not allowed to become
epidemic, to spread death and destitu
tion over great areas.
The development of the educational
system in the form of practical training
in such industries as will assure the
Indians self-support under the changed
conditions in which they •will have to
live.
The duties of the office of the Gov
ernor should be extended to include the
supervision of Indian affairs, with nec
essary assistants in. different districts.
He should be provided with the means
and the power to protect and advise
the native people, to furnish medical
treatment in time of epidemics, and to
extend material relief in periods of
famine and extreme destitution.
The Alaskan natives should be given
the right to acquire, hold and dispose
of property upon the : same conditions
as given other inhabitants; and the
privilege of citizenship should be given
to such as may be able to meet certain
definite requirements. In Hawaii Con
gress should give' the Governor power
to remove all the officials appointed
under him. The harbor of Honolulu
should be dredged. The Marine Hospi
tal Service should be" empowered to
study leprosy in the islands. I ask spe
cial consideration for the report and
recommendations of the Governor of
Porto Rico.H*&KBBHM
Sreat 9/avy to S&ac/r
Itp^onroo 'Doctrine
Firmness and Justice Arc-Key
notes of the United States'
Foreign Policy.
In treating of our foreign policy and
of the attitude that this great nation
should assume in the world at large, it
is absolutely necessary to consider the
army and the navy, and the Congress,
through which the thought of the
nation finds its expression, should t keep
ever vividly in mind the fundamental
fact that it is impossible .to treat our
foreign policy,. whether this policy. takes
shape in the effort to secure justice 'for
others or justice for ourselves, save as
conditioned upon the* attitude we s are
willing to take toward our army, and
especially toward our navy. -, It. is not
merely,- unwise. . it is contemptible -. for.
a . nation, as - for an individual, to use
high-sounding : language to proclaim I its
ourooses.'or to take positions .which arc
ridiculous if unsupported by potential
force, and then to refuse to provide this
force. • If there is no intention of pro
viding: and of keeping the force neces
sary. to back up a strong attitude, then
it < is far better not to assume such an
attitude.
The steady aim of this nation, as of
all enlightened nations, ' should be. to
strive to bring ever nearer the day
when there shall prevail throughout
the world the peace of justice. There
are kinds of peace which are highly
undesirable, wfcich are In the long run
as destructive as any war. Tyrants
and oppressors have many times made
a wilderness and called it peace. M£ny
times peoples who were slothful or
timid or shortsighted, who had been
enervated by ease- or by luxury, or
misled by false teachings, have shrunk
in unmanly fashion from doing duty
that was stern and that needed self
sacrifice, and have sought to hide from
their own minds their shortcomings,
their ignoble motives, by calling them
love of peace. The peace of tyrannous
terror, the peace of craven— Weakness,
the. peace of injustice, all these should
be shunned as we shun unrighteous
war. The goal to set before us as a
nation, the goal which should be set
before all mankind, is the attainment
of the peace of justice, of the peace
which comes when each nation is not
merely safeguarded in its own rights,
but scrupulously recognizes and per
forms its duty toward others. Generally
peace tells for righteousness; but if
there is conflict between the two, then
our fealty is due first to the cause of
righteousness. Unrighteous wars are
common, and unrighteous peace is rare;
but both should be shunned. The right
of freedom and the responsibility for
the exercise of that right cannot be
divorced. One of our great poets has
well and finely said that freedom is
not a gift that tarries long in the hands
of cowards. Neither does it tarrS' long
in the hands of those too slothful, too
dishonest, or too unintelligent to exer
cise it. The eternal vigilance which Is
the price of liberty must be exercised,
sometimes to guard against outside
foes; although of course far more oftei*
to guard against our own selfish or
thoughtless shortcomings.
If these self-evident truths are kept
before us, and only If they are. so kept
before us, we shall have a clear idea of
what our foreisn policy in its larger
aspects , should be. It is our duty to
remember that a nation has no more
right to do injustice to another nation,
strong or weak, than an individual has
to do injustice to another' individual;
that the same moral law applies in one
case as in the other.' But we must also
remember that »It ia^aa- much' the duty
of the nation to guard its own rights
and its own interests as it is the duty
of the individual so to do.- Within the
nation . the individual has now dele
gated this right to the state, that is, to
the representative of all the individ
uals, and it is a maxim of the law that
for every wrong there Is a remedy.
But in international, law we have not
advanced, by any means as far as we
have advanced in municipal law. There
is as yet no judicial way of enforcing
a right in international law. When
one nation wrongs another or wrongs
many others, there is no tribunal be
fore which the wrongdoer can be
brought. Either It Is necessary su
pinely to acquiesce In the wrong, and
thus put a premium upon brutality and
aggression, or else it is necessary for
the aggrieved nation valiantly to stand
up for its rights. Until some method is
devised by which there shall be "a de
gree of international control over of
fending nations, it would be a wicked
thing for the most civilized powers, for
those with most sense of international
obligations and with keenest and most
generous appreciation of the difference
between right and wrong, to disarm.
If the great civilized nations of the
present day should" completely disarm,
the result would mean an immediate
recrudescence of barbarism in one form
or another. Under any circumstances
a sufficient armament would have to
be kept up to serve the purposes of
international police; and until inter
national cohesion and the sense of in
ternational duties and rights are far
more advanced than at present, a
nation desirous both of securing re
spect for itself and of doing good to
others must have a force adequate for
the work which it feels is allotted to it
as its part of the general world duty.
Therefore, it follows that a self-re
specting, just and; far-seeing nation
should on the one hand endeavor by
every means to aid in the development
of the various movements which tend
to provide substitutes for war, which
tend to render nations In their, actions
toward one another, and indeed. toward
their own peoples, more responsive to
the general sentiment of humane and
civilized mankind; and on the other
hand that : it should keep prepared,
while scrupulously, avoiding wrong
doing itself, to repel -any wrong, and
in exceptional cases "_ to take action
which in a more advanced stage of in
ternational relations would come under
the head -. of the . exercise of the inter
national police. A great free people
owes. it to itself and to all mankind not
to \ sink into helplessness before the
powers of evil.
ARBITRATION TREATIES.
America Takes Lead Toward
Insuring World's Peace.
We are in every way endeavoring to
help on; with cordial good will, every
movement which** will tend. to bring us
Into more ; friendly relations with the
rest of mankind. ■_ In pursuance , of this
policy I shall shortly lay before the
Senate treaties^ of arbitration with' all
powers which are. willing to enter into
these ' treaties with us. It Is not pos
sible at this' period; of the world's.de
velopment to", agree to arbitrate all
matters, but - there , are many matters
of possible "' difference [ between us and
other whichtcan.be thus arbi
trated. /Furthermore, at the request of
the Interparliamentary .Union, an emi
nent body, composed of practical states
men frem all countries, I haveasked the
powers ; to.'Join ;,with ' this Government
in a second Hague conference," at which
it;is ; hoped j that; the, work ; already so
happily I begun * at 'The * Hague £ may be
carried some.! steps f urther, toward ; com
pletion. This carries " out the ■' desire
expressed by the first Hague conference i
itself.
It is not .true that the United States
feels any land hunger or entertains any
projects as regards the other nations
of. the Western Hemisphere save such
as are for their welfare. All that this
country desires is to ses the neighbor
ing countries stable, orderly and pros
perous. Any country whose people con
duct themselves well can count upon
our hearty friendship. If a nation
shows that, it knows how to act with
reasonable efficiency arid decency in
social and political matters, if it keeps
order and pays its obligations, . it need
fear no interference from the United
States. Chronic wrongdoing, or an im
potence which results in a general
loosening of the ties of civilized society,
may in America, as elsewhere, ulti
mately require intervention by some
civilized nation, and in the Western
Hemisphere the adherence of the
United States to the Monroe doctrine
may force the United 'States, however
reluctantly, in flagrant cases of such
.wrongdoing or impotence, to the exer
cise of an international police power. If
every country washed by the Carib
bean Sea would show the progress in
stable and just civilization which with
the aid of the Platt amendment Cuba
has shown since our troops left the
island, and which so many of the re
publics in both Americas are constantly
and brilliantly showing, all question of
interference by this nation with their
affairs would be at an end. Our nter
ests and those of our southern neigh
bors are in reality identical. They have
great natural riches, and if within their
borders the reign of law and Justice
obtains, prosperity is sure to come to
them. While they thus obey the prim
ary laws of civilized society they may
rest assured that they will be treated
by us in a spirit of cordial and help
ful sympathy. We would interfere with
them only in the last resort, and then
only if it became evident that their
inability or unwillingness to do Justice
at home and abroad had violated the
rights of the United States or had in
vited foreign aggression to the detri
ment of the entire body of American
nations. It is a mere truism to say
that every nation, whether in America
or anywhere else, which desires' to
maintain its freedom, its independence,
must ultimately realize that the right
of such independence cannot be sepa
rated from the responsibility of making
good use of it.
In asserting the Monroe doctrine, in
taking such Pters.as -we have taken in
regard to Cuba, Venezuela - and Pan
ama, and in . endeavoring to circum
scribe the theater of war in the Far
East, and to secure the open door | in
China, we have acted in our own inter
est as well as in the Interest of human
ity at large. There are, however,* cases
in which, while our own interests are
not greatly Involved, strong appeal Is
made to our sympathies. Ordinarily It
is very much wiser and more useful for
us to concern -ourselves with striving
for our own moral and material bet
terment here at home than to concern
ourselves with trying to better the con
dition of things in other nations. We
have plenty of sins of our own to war
against, and under ordinary circum
stances we can do more for the general
uplifting of humanity by striving
with heart and soul to put a stop to
civic corruption, to brutal lawlessness
and violent race ; prejudices here at
home than by passing resolutions about
wrongdoing elsewhere. Nevertheless
there are occasional crimes committed
on so vast a scale and of such peculiar
horror as to make us doubt whether it
is not our manifest duty to endeavor at
least to show . our disapproval of the
deed and our sympathy with. those who
have suffered by it. The cases must
be extreme in which such a course is
justifiable. There must be- no effort
made to remove the mote from our
brother's eye if we refuse to remove
the beam from our own. But in ex
treme cases action may be justifiable
and proper. What form the action
shall take must depend upon the cir
cumstances of the case; that is, upon
the degree of the atrocity, and upon our
power to remedy it. The cases in
which we could interfere by force of
arms as we interfered to put a stop to
intolerable conditions in Cuba are nec
essarily very few. Yet it is not to be
expected that a people 'like ours, which,
In spite of certain very obvious.short
comings, nevertheless as a whole shows
by its principles of civil and religious
liberty and of orderly freedom, a people
among whom even the worst crime, like
the crime of lynching, isrtever more than
sporadic, so that individuals and not
classes are molested in their funda
mental rights, it is inevitable that such
a nation should desire .eagerly to give
expression to its horror on an occasion
like that of the massacre of the Jews
in KIshenef, or when- it witnesses such
systematic and long-extended ., cruelty
and oppression as the cruelty and op
pression of which the Armenians have
been the victims, and which have won
for. them the indignant pity of the.civ
ilized world.
AMERICANS ABROAD.
Rights of Country's Citizens
•Must Be Respected. )
■ Even where it is not possible to se
cure in other nations the observance of
the principles which •tCe accept as axio
matic, it is necessary for us firmly to
insist UDQn the rights of our own citi
zens without regard to their creed or
race; without regard to whether they
were. born , here or born abroad. It has
proved .very difficult to : secure from
Russia v the right for our Jewish fellow
citizens to receive passports and travel
through , Russian territory. Such con- ;
ductfis not- only unjust and irritating
toward - us, but it is difficult to see its
wisdom' from Russia's standpoint. No
conceivable good is accomplished by i it.
If Can-: American Jew or an American
Christian - misbehaves .himself in Rus
sia ; he can • at ; once be-, driven out, but
the 5 ordinary ; American Jew, . like the
ordinary "American . Christian, would
behave, just. about as he behaves here,
that * is, behave as any ; good citizen
ought to behave; : and where this is the
case - it is >:&"; wrong against which we
are: entitled i to ?protestv to. refuse' him
his; passport i. without regard to his coni
duct and character, ■ merely on racial
and i religious grounds. . In Turkey our
difficulties .arise] less » from! the .i way ' ij\
which "our. citizens are sometimes treat-
ed than from the indignation inevitably
excited* in seeing such fearful misrule
as has been witnessed both in Armenia
and Macedonia.
The strong arm of the Government in
enforcing respect for its Just rights in
international matters is the navy of
the United States. I most earnestly
recommend that there be no halt in the
work of upbuilding the American navy.
There is no more patriotic duty before
us as a people than to keep the navy
adequate to the needs of this country's
position. We have undertaken to build
the Isthmian Canal. We have under
taken to secure for ourselves our just
share in the trade of the Orient. We
have undertaken to protect our citizens
from improper treatment m foreign !
lands. We continue steadily to insist I
on the application of the Monroe doc- I
trine to the Western Hemisphere. Un- I
less our attitude in these and all simi-*j
lar matters is to be a mere boastful (
sham we cannot afford to abandon our
naval programme. Our voice is now
potent for peace, and is so potent
because we are not afraid of war. But
our protestations upon behalf of peace
would neither receive nor deserve the
slightest attention if we were impotent
to make them good.
The war which now unfortunately
rages in the Far East has emphasized I
in striking fashion the new possibilities
of naval warfare. The lessons taught
are both strategic and tactical, and are
political as well as military. The ex
periences of the war have shown in
conclusive fashion that while sea-going
and sea-keeping torpedo destroyers are j
indispensable, and fast lightly armed
and armored cruisers . very useful,
yet that the main reliance, the main
standby, in any navy worthy the name
must be the great battleships, heavily
armored and heavilv gunned. Not a
Russian or Japanese battleship has
been sunk by a torpedo-boat, or by
gunfire, while among the less protected
ships cruiser after cruiser has been
destroyed whenever the hostile squad
rons have got within range of one
another's weapons. There will always
be a large field. of usefulness for cruis
ers, especially of the more formidable
type. We need to increase the number
of torpedo-boat destroyers, paying less
heed to their having a knot or two ex
tra speed than to their capacity to keep
the seas for weeks, and, if necessary,
for months at a time. It is wise to
build submarine torpedo-boats, as under
certain circumstances they might be
very useful. But most of all we need
to continue building our fleet of battle
ships, or ships so powerfully armed
that they can inflict the maximum of
damage upon our opponents, and so
well protected that they can suffer a
severe hammering in return without
fatal impairment of their ability to
fight and maneuver. Of course ample
means must be provided for . enabling
the personnel of the navy to be brought
to the highest point of efficiency. Our
great fighting ships and torpedo-boats
must be ceaselessly trained and
maneuvered in squadrons. The officers
and men can only learn their trade
thoroughly by ceaseless practice on the
high seas. In the event of war it would
be -far better to have no ships at all
than to have ships of a poor and in
effective type, or ships which, however
good, were yet manned by untrained
and unskillful crews. The best officers
and men In a poor ship could do noth
ing against fairly good opponents; and
on the other hand, a modern warship
is useless unless the officers and men
aboard her have become adepts in their
duties.' The marksmanship- in our
navy has improved in an extraordinary
degree during the last three years, and
on the whole the types of our battle
ships are improving; but much remains
to be done. Sooner or later we shall
have to provide for 'some method by
which there will be promotions for
merit as well as for seniority, or else
retirement of all those who after a
certain age have not advanced beyond
a certain grade: while no effort must
be spared to make the service attrac
tive to the enlisted men in order that
they may be kept as long as possible In
it. Reservation public schools should
be provided wherever there are navy
yards.
MILITARY NEEDS.
Army Should Be Kept at High
Grade of Proficiency.
"Within the last three years the
United States has set an example in
disarmament where disarmament was
proper. By law our army is fixed at
a maximum of one hundred thousand
and a minimum of sixty thousand men.
When there was insurrection in the
Philippines we kept the army at the
maximum. Peace came in the Philip
pines, and now our army has been re
duced to the minimum at which it is
possible to keep it with, due regard to
its efficiency. The guns now mounted
require twenty-eight thousand men. if
the coast fortifications are to be ade
quately manned. Relatively to the na
tion, it is not now so large as the
police force of New York or Chicago
relatively to the population of either
city. "We need more cfficers; there are
not enough to perform the regular
army work. I> is very Important
that the officers of the army should be
accustomed to handle their men in
masses, as it is also important that the
National Guard of the several States
should ' be ' accustomed to actual field
maneuvering, especially in connection
with the regulars. For this reason we
a.re to be congratulated upon the suc
cess of the field maneuvers at Manassas
last fall, maneuvers in which a larger
number* of regulars and National
Guard took part than was ever before
assembled together in time of peace.
No other civilized nation has, relatively
to its population, such a -diminutive
army as ours; and while the army is
so small we are not to be excused if we
fail to keep it at a. very high grade of
proficiency. It must be incessantly
practiced; the standard for the enlisted
men should be kept very high, while
at the same- time the service should be
made as attractive as possible; and the
standard for the officers should be kept
even higher— which., as regards the
upper ranks, can best be done by
Introducing some system of selection
and rejection- into the promotions.
We should be able, in the event
of some sudden emergency, to put
Into the field one first-class army corps,
which should be, as a" whole, at least
the equal of any body of .troops of like
number belonging to any other nation.
Great progress has been made in pro
tecting our coasts " by adequate forti
fications with sufficient guns. We
should, however, pay much more heed
than at present^ to . the development of
an extensive system of floating mines
for use in all pur more important har
bors. These mines have been proved
to be a most formidable safeguard
against hostile fleets.
: I earnestly call the attention of the
Congress to the need of amending the
existing 'law relating to the award/of
Congressional medals of honor in the
navy so as to provide that they may be
awarded to : commissioned , officers and
warrant officers as well as to enlisted
men. .These Justly prized medals are
given in' the- army alike to the officers
and .the enlisted men, and, it is most
unjust that the commissioned officers
and warrant officers of the v nayy should
"not in this respect have the same riffhts.
as their brethren in the army and aa
tho enlisted men of the navy.
,
S'liipinos Sncapable
of Sclf~Sovcrnmcnt
Islanders Must Be Helped to Rise
to a Higher Plane of
In the Philippine Islands there has
been during the pa^t year a continua
tion of the steady progress which has
obtained ever since our m*>ps definitely
«cot the upper hand of the insurgents.
Ine Philippine people, or, to speak
more accurately, the many tribes, and
even races, sundered from one another
more or less sharply, who go to make
up the people of the Philippine Isl
ands, contain many elements of good
and some elements which we have a
right to hope stand for progress. At
present they are utterly incapable oi
existing in independence at all or of
building up a civilization of their own.
I firmly believe that we can help them
to rise higher and higher In the seal©
of civilzation and of capacity for self
government, and I most earnestly hope
that in the end they will be able to
stand, if not entirely alone, yet in soma
such relation to the United States as
Cuba now stands. This end is not yet
in sight, and it may be Indefinitely
postponed If our people are foolish
enough to turn the attention of the
Filipinos away from the problems of
achieving moral and material prosper
ity, of working for a stable, orderly
and just government, and toward fool
ish and dangerous intrigues for a com
plete Independence for which they ar»
as yet totally unfit.
On the other hand our people must
keep steadily before their minds the
fact that the Justification for our stay
in the Philippines must ultimately rest
chiefly upon the good we are able to
do in the islands. I <3o not overlook the
fact that in the development of our
interests in the Pacific Ocean and alonff
its coasts the Philippines have played
and will play an important part, and
that our interests have been served la
more than one way by the possession
of the islands. But our chief reason for
continuing to hold them must be that
we ought in good faith to try to do
our share of the world's work, and
this particular piece of work has been
Imposed upon us by the results of the
war with Spain. The ' problem pre
sented to us in the Philippine Islands
is akin to, but not exactly like, the
problems presented .to the other great
civilized, powers wftlch have posses
sions In the O-ient. There are points
of resemblance in our work to the
work which is being done by the Brit
ish in India and Egypt, by the French
in Algiers, by the Dutch in Java, by
the Russians in Turkestan, by the Jap
anese in Formosa; but more distinctly
than any of these powers we are en
deavoring to develop the natives them
selves so that they shall take an ever
increasing- share in their own govern
ment, and as far as is prudent we are
already admitting their representatives
to a governmental equality with our
own. There are commissioners, judges
and governors in the islands who are
Filipinos and who have exactly the
same share in the government of the
islands as have their colleagues who
are Americans, while ia the lower ranks
of course the great majority of the
public servants are Filipinos. "Within,
two years we shall be trying the ex
periment of an elective lower bouse in
the Philippine Legislature. It may be
that the Filipinos win misuse this Leg
islature, and they certainly will misuse
it If they are misled by foolish persons
here at home into starting an agitation
for their own Independence or Into
any factious) or improper action. In
such case they will do themselves no
good and will stop for the time being
all further effort to advance them and
give them a greater share In their own
government. But if they act with wis
dom and self-restraint, if they show
that they are capable of electing a Leg
islature which in its turn is capable
of taking a sane and efficient part in
the actual work of government, they
can rest assured that a full and in
creasing measure of recognition will be
given them. Above all, they should re
member that their prime needs ara
moral and industrial, not political. It
is a good thing to try the experiment
of giving them a Legislature; but it is
a far better thing to give them schools,
good roads, railroads which will enable
them to get their products to market.
honest courts, an honest and efficient
constabulary, and all that tends to
produce order, peace, fair dealing as
between man and man, and habits of
intelligent Industry and thrift. If they
are safeguarded against oppression,
and if their real wants, material and
spiritual, are studied intelligently and
in a spirit of friendly sympathy, much
more good will be doge them than by
any effort to give them political power,
though this effort may In its own
proper time and place be proper
enough.
Meanwhile our own people should re
member that there Is need for the
highest standard of conduct among tho
Americans sent to the Philippine Isl
ands, not. only among the public serv
ants but among the private Individuals
who go to them. It Is because I feel
this so deeply that In the' administra
tion of these islands I have positively
refused to permit any discrimination
whatsoever for political reasons and
have insisted that in choosing the pub
lic servants consideration should be
paid solely to the worth of the men
chosen and to the needs of the Islands.
There is no higher body of men in oui*
public service than we have in tho
Philippine Islands under Governor*
Wright and his associates. So far as
possible these men should be given a.
free hand, and their suggestions should
receive the hearty backing both of the
executive and of the Congress, There
is need of a vigilant and disinterested
support of our, public servants in the
Philippines by good citizens here In the
United States. Unfortunately, hitherto
those of our people here at home who
have specially claimed to be the cham
pions of the Filipinos have in reality
been their worst enemies. This will
continue to be the case as long as
they strive to make the Filipinos inde
pendent, and stop all industrial devel
opment of the Islands by crying out
against the laws which would bring?
it on the ground that capitalists must
not .."exploit" the Islands. Such pro
ceedings are not only unwise, but ar«
most harmful to the Filipinos, who do
not need independence at all. but who
do need good laws, good public servants
and the industrial development that
can only come if the Investment of
American and foreign capital In the
Islands is favored in all legitimate
ways.
Every measure taken concerning the
islands should be taken primarily with
a view to their advantage. We should
certainly give them lower tariff rates
on" their exports to the United States:
If this is not done it will -be a wrong 1
to'extend our shipping laws to them.
I earnestly hope for the immediate en
actment into law of the legislation now
pending to encourage American capital
to seek investment in the islands In
railroads, in factories, in plantations
and in lumbering and mining.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
The White House, December Iw IWt.
1920
ffiO 0o$®e9e9Od«©«e©oe«oe9®©©©©©o8®e©©0eod©e»e9e90®e«©e9eo9«9®o©(^\^^^^^^9®
I I ' I
i I A Garden of the Latest and Most Beautiful Roses for Call Readers :
S I . . . : — |
| We Have the Following Varieties I
0 I he Cail^ with its usual enterprise and interest in its &%J avIvC i I 1 aOIH a : I S
§ ; readers^ arranged over a year ago with the largest growers of Mile* Q Berthbd t a beautiful Yellow |
1 ! ROSES in the world to plant and grow especially for Call Bride, a beautiful White |
S I readers, under our direct supervision, several hundred thousand o >j *j t 'M t^o* f I •
3 i ' -I'';' . . x r t t r -bridesmaid, a beautiiul rink •
§ I Rose rlants (20 ditterent varieties) 01 the latest, most fra- f t r t n f I °
§ I grant and beautiful ROSES to be obtained, and is now pre- Maman Cochet, a beautiful Pink |
I I pared to place these plants in the hands of its patrons free of Cornelia Cook, a beautiful White ' •
0 I « t « . « T?i_ *f f T if «*f 1 \7 ft I S
SO all cost and ready to plant in growing condition* IltOlle de Lyon> a beautiiul Yellow • I %
Catherine Mermet t . a beautiful Soft Pink C*
Send to this office a Six Months' Sub- Deep Center
1 SCliption to THE DAILY and SUNDAY Helen Gould, a beautiful Red I
8 I CALL and SIX; of these beautiful health v Mile. F. Kruger, a beautiful Fawn and _ , •
2 B « a *n l -- ■ i 4» • « « creamy i lnK , ? -4S
s s Dlants will be sent, to address furnished nff i-> R r .. ; ,.r T^. c r. 8
3 | Mrs. !<♦ t>* L,ant, beautiiul Crimson ocarlet \ %
| I |without flny cost to you : : : : :| p res< Camot, a beautiful Blush Rose. I
I I AU plants will be delivered in good condition. Each and Marie VoriHoutte,a beautiful Creamy White, I J
| I every plant delivered through this offer is at least one year oid, Blush Tints i . •
| I absolutely healthy, and will, if planted at once, produce its first Ivory a beautiful Snow White ' I 5
I I supplyofroses during the summer of 1905. The varieties of Golden Gate, a beautiful White with Pink Border I I
1 I ROSK included in this offer are the very latest and are un- MUe. Lambard, a beautiful Salmon Pink I !
8 i / iimpress khugeme, a, beautiiul oilvery rink | g
I I . L Elise Heyrnan, a beautiful Salmon Pink 1 |
2 3 •'=■'■»''.* « ■ •■• . ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■. . ■. .. j • ■■ • ■ mmmmmmm 9 ' ' 2
] ' I Wh en Sending Orders to This OfffceBe Sure to Use Care in Writing the Name and Address in Order to Prevent Error in SMpping j |
m • . . ■ _-•■."■•■■_■.- .-."■■ • ■ * f«
§ %,i,i M ,i ■umiiiiiiii i .: - •■ ■,,,i.,,i,i,n, i^ ■■■■■ii^.if ■ : v: '^ '^ji^i£^: -l:I^_-^Ii':iil-_.!ii._' ■ - - : ; J ' 2
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; WEDNESDAY; -DECEMBER 7, 1904.