TEE WEATHER.
Forecast ranie at Ban Francisco for
thirty hours eni'.rg midnight, Deeeta- j
ber 22:
Baa Frmaelaeo and ndnlty — Cloudy !
mad unsettled weather Thureday. with
showers; southerly winds, changing to
westerly. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 22.
RAILWAY RATE
LAWS MUST BE
FORTHCOMING
President Will Not Brook
Delay by Congress.
Regards ihe Subject as of Paramount Im
portance at the Present Time.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU. POST BUILDING.
"WASHINGTON. Dec 2L— President
Roosevelt, very much dissatisfied •with
the proposition of the Senators to car
ry over railroad rate legislation to an
other Congress and have a Congres
sional Committee investigate during
the summer, has renewed his campaign
for action at this time. He is very
much Inclined to use the full power of
the administration in this effort-
The President had a conference to-
Cay with Attorney-General Moody,
Secretary Morton, Speaker Cannon,
Senator Allison and 13. P. Bacon, the
last named representing In "Washing
ton the organization of shippers. The!
President left no doubt in the minds;
cf his visitors that he considers this
the burning Question cf the hour and
that the necessity for legislation at the
present session was altogether para
mount in Congress.
The President and other members of
his administration meet the argument
in favor cf a Congressional committee
end consequent further delay by the
plain statements that the adjustment
of fair and ;ust rates has been before
Congress at least eight years; that the
Industrial commercial body approved
by the President of the United States,
pursuant to the resolutions of Congress
composed of four Senators, four Rep
resentatives and ten permanent citi
rer.s, at an expense of hundreds of
thousands of dollars investigated this
question exhaustively for four years
and resorted to Congress in favor of
legislation In terms quite as emphatic as
the President's message: that the neces
sity for action has been pointed out
In every annual report of the Interstate
Commerce Comrnision for at least six
years: that the commerce committees
of the Senate and House have had the
enbject before them In one form or an
other icr nearly ten years — have held
hearings a.na published volume "after
■volume of reports on the subject; that
the Interstate Commerce Convention
In St. Louis exhaustively considered .
PLATT'S CLAN MEETS IN COUNCIL
Senator Thinks Odell
Will Be "Toned Down"
NEW YORK. Dec 2L — The confer
ence of Republicans called by United
States Senator Thomas Platt, in the
interest of the re-election of Senator
3>>pew by the coming State Legislature,
was he!d according to programme in
the Fifth-avenue Hotel to-day. - It was
in session about three hours and ad
journed without day. after appointing
a committee of seven, headed by for
mer Lieutenant Governor Woodruff, to
wait upon Governor Odell, who was
not invited, and inform him of the sen
timent as expressed at the conference.
Woodruff did meet Governor OdelL
H* drove to the Douch mansion, where
the New England Society dinner was
held to-night, accompanied by Senator
Depew. There they Joined the Gov
ernor. Later the three left the man
sion with the expressed intention of
proceeding to the Union League or
Republican Club for an extended con
ference.
Asked regarding Senator Platt's con
ference. Governor Odell said he was
cot cogriizant cf It. *
T do not know what took place at
th*> conference in the Fifth-avenue
Hotel to-day, but I do know that who-
CHRISTMAS GIFTS FOR TOILERS
Employers to Share Profits
Special Dispatch to The Gall.
CHICAGO. Dec. 2L— Banks, broker
age firms, manufacturing establish
ments and other large corporations
that make a practice of sharin? their
profits with their employes will dis
tribute more than 51.000.000 among Chi
cago wage-earners as Christmas Klfts
on Saturday.
The Crane Company alone will eive
away J2SO.O0O to its 5000 employes. This
company was one of the first in Chicaco
to share its profits with its offlce force
end workingmen. Each of the em
ployes of the Crane Company, from the
12 a week offlce boy to the heads of
departments. Is to receive 10 per cent
cf the total of his salary for the year.
Nowhere will the gilts be more gen
erous than along La Salle street and
on the Board of Trade, where the brok
ers always vie with one another in
sharing with their clerks the profits of
a prosperous year. The bljr packing
firms will remember the heads of de
partments and trusted members of the
clerical forces.
Among the banks that will rive
money to employes are the Corn Ex
change National Bank., the Merchants'
The San Francisco Call.
the question last fall and published its
conclusions broadcast throughout the
country.
The President has very seriously im
pressed the members of Congress and
others with whom he has talked In the
last two days with his earnestness in
the matter and the Attorney-General,
at his request, has devoted much time
to the subject, for the purpose of draw
ing a bill to be presented to Congress
with the hope of action this session, at
least in the House.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2L— That "Wall
street is suffering from an attack of
"nerves'* was developed Jo-day when
the annual report of Commissioner of
Corporations Garfield was published,
severely denouncing present conditions
surrounding the laws governing cor
porations engaged to interstate com
merce. The language employed by
Commissioner Garfield shocked Wail
street's sensitive temperament and the
stock market had a fit of the blues.
Industrial shares, led by Amalgamated
Copper, became weak and timid ones
threw blocks of stock on the market
"Here is Secretary Shaw telling us
one day that there is not a cloud on
the financial horizon." said one eminent
broker, "and the next day we are in
formed "that governmental control of
railroads is necessary, while on the
third day we are confronted with an
announcement virtually stating that
the industrial enterprises of the coun
try should be regulated by the Federal
authorities. With these momentous
questions, affecting every security
holder in the United States, under dis
cussion, it is plain that there are a
great many ominous clouds hovering
around us."
While timid ones were frightened, as
they were over President Roosevelt's
recommendations concerning the regu
lation of interstate commerce carriers,
the managements of great corporations
djd" nojt 'seem ..disturbed - to r,apy .-r great
extent. T Some corpora tlonv lawyers ' de j
dared it would, be^ Impossible .to force
a Federal charter and Federal, control
of corporations., , ~ V" . ," /
ever Is chosen by the Republican or
ganization will be elected."
The morning conference was attend
ed by seventy-five well known Repub
licans, most of them classed as being
in favor of Senator Depew, but there
were also not a few who are believed
to be opposed to his candidacy. The
speeches in the conference were almost
without exception strongly In favor of
Senator Depew's re-election. No vote
was taken and estimates of the numer
ical classification of those present vary
with the sympathies of those estimat
ing.
After the conference Senator Platt
declared himself as greatly pleased
with its character and personnel.
"I am proud of it," said he. "It was
truly representative and clearly showed
what I have all along claimed, that
the sentiment of the people of the State
is strongly for the re-election of Sen
ator Depew. I imagine its result may
be to tone down Mr. Odell."
Senator Platt himself called the con
ference to order and. at his suggestion,
William Barnes Jr. of Albany, chair
man of the executive committee of the
Republican State Committee, presided.
Twenty-seven members of the new
Legislature, who will have actual votes
upon the Senatorship, were present.
Loan and Trust Company and the
American Trust and Savings Bank.
The Auditorium" and several other
hotels will give money to their em
ployes.
FATHER OF SYVETOX
SAYS SOX WAS SLAIN
Asks for an Investigation Into the
Death of the French
Deputy.
PARIS, Dec 21. — M. Syveton.
father of the late Deputy Syveton, to
day made a formal complaint to the
Criminal Court, alleging that his son
had been a vicym of an assassin. The
accused person* was not specifically
named, as the examining magistrate is
to make a specific charge after an in
vestigation of the complaint;
Harvard Honors m Negro.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Dec. 21. — w.
C. Matthews, the negro football and
baseball player, has been elected one
of Harvard's senior class day-officers.
This is among the highest honors in
the gift of Crimson undergraduates.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1904.
ETZE FORT
AGAIN HELD
BY SLAVS
Port Arthur Garri
son Retakes the
Position.
Nogi Is Preparing lor a
: Hitherto Unprecedented .
Assault.
Blockade-Runner Reaches the Strong
hold With Food Supplies and
Ammunition.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— The Dally Tele
graph's Chefu correspondent says that
the steamship Lady Mitchell, which
sailed from Tsingtau with supplies,
ammunition and dynamita, reached
Port Arthur during a snowstorm four
nights ago. He also says that it is
rumored that the Japanese were com
pelled to evacuate their position on
Ktze Mountain owing to a flanking fire
from other forts and the explosion of
Russian mines, from which they lost
heavily.
The Japanese, the correspondent
adds, are employing thousands of
coolies in making strong forts at Dainy
and around Port Arthur. They ex
press a determination to capture Port
Arthur before the Chinese New Year.
An attack Is now being prepared that
will be on a hitherto unequaled scale
and it will mean either success or ter
rible disaster to the besiegers.
The correspondent concludes by say
ing that General Nogi has asked for
60,000 reinforcements from Japan.
The correspondent at Peking of the
Times telegraphs:
"China having consented to pay the
indemnity growing out of the Boxer
troubles, in gold, the Ministers of Rus
sia, Germany and France are now dis
puting among themselves as to what
fresh terms they can _ extort from the
Chinese, and seeking to force -an ar
rangement whereby certain banks l will
make : further, pxofli-out of I the ■ indem
nity. Great I Britain ' supports China,
who*' counts upon' : • the assistance of
America and Japan also, to secure a
Just settlement." ; -
HOLD FTVE 3UNOR FORTS.
Japanese Open the Way to Capture
of East Keekwan Mountain.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE JAPA
NESE THIRD ARMY, BEFORE
PORT ARTHUR. Dec. 21.— The capture
of the north fort of East Keekwan
Mountain on December 18 by the Japa
nese is of much importance, because
it opens a way up the gorge to the
higher hills and will -render easier the
capture of the mountain. It gives
much additional foothold for a general
assault on the western half of the east
ern fortified ridges. The Japanese now
hold five of the seven protecting forts.
TOKIO, Dec. 20.— Admiral Togo, who
has personally made a series of obser
vations of the Russian battleship Se
vastopol, telegraphs to the Navy De
partment, expressing the opinion that
the Sevastopol Is disabled. Great
weight Is attached to Togo's personal
observations and opinion, instanced by
the fact that when the Russian bat
tleship Petropavlovsk was sunk Togo
was one of the few officers of the en
tire Japanese fleet whose eye caught
the vision of speedy disaster. ■
Commander Yezoe, who was killed
while torpedoing the Sevastopol, has
been promoted and has been given oth
er posthumous honors.
The Japanese army besieging Port
Arthur reported to-day as followed the
trophies captured by the Japanese In
the fort of North Keekwan Mountain:
, "Further Investigation shows that we
captured five 8.2 quick-firing Held guns,
two 47-millimeter quick-firing guns,
one of them being serviceable; two 24
millimeter guns, one being serviceable;
four machine guns, all serviceable; six
teen rifles, 461 rounds of great gun am
munition; 250 rounds of 47-millimeter
ammunition; 240 rounds of 24-mllllmeter
gun amunition; 1160 rounds of machine
gun ammunition; 15,000 rounds of small
arms ammunition; 80 grenades and
nine star shells, all serviceable; six
cases of oowder and timber, sandbags,
clothing, etc.".
The following report from Manchu
rian headquarters was received last
night and made public to-day:
"On Monday at 5 o'clock in the after
noon the enemy's artillery east of Da
Mountain bombarded the neighborhood
of Slnlintung. At 1 o'clock in the
morning of Tuesday the enemy's infan
try attacked us south of Pleniuhung
pao and at Tatsupao. By 4 o'clock in
the morning he was repulsed. Simul
taneously the enemy's infantry at
tached Chinshanting. Heilintung and
Huangtia and made a most vigorous
attack in the neighborhood of Chln
sbantung. The fighting continued
about an hour, when the enemy was
completely reoulsed. We had no casu
alties."
The examination of the cargo, pas
sengers and crew of the British steam
ship Nigretia, which was seized by
the Japanese cruiser Tsushima on De
cember 19, is progressing at Sasebo.
Seemingly it is undetermined whether
parole-breaking Russian officers are on
board the Nigretia. The Japanese are
carefully Investigating this feature of
the case, because of the question of the
ability of the Chinese officials to "prop
erly conduct the internement of Rus
sians who seek refuge at ports in
China. It is considered vitally impor
tant.
RUSSIAN OFFICEK TAJ4KATIVE.
Captain Clado Makes Statements That
Cause a Stir.
PARIS, Dec 21.— Captain Clado,
who was detached from. Vice Admiral
Continued on Pose 2, Column 3.
ALL WALL STREET IS LEAGUED
AGAIN5T "TOM" LAW50N
SENSATION
IS SPRUNG
BY HUTTON
Police Commissioner
Wants Patrolmen
Discharged.
Says Conuption Is Rampant
in Bacon Place.and All
on Detail Take Gold.
Asks That the Accused -Be Denied the
Rightof Trial and Summarily
Dismisssd.
Police Commissioner • H. W. Hutton
sprang a sensation at the regular meet
ing of the board last night. In a signed
statement to the commission be said he
had proof that demonstrated to his sat
isfaction that every policeman who had
served in Bacon place for some time
past was. guilty of accepting bribes
from the unfortunates that frequent
the dens> of the quarter. They should
be dismissed from the force without
even a hearing, he said, and asked his
associates on the board to Join him in
a request to the City. Attorney for an
opinion as to the legality of .the charter
amendment guaranteeing to every po
liceman the right of trial on ■ charges
preferred . against* him. . . ..;
- If the City Attorney held such pro
vision , unco; istiiu ./ \KJaI, -Glutton
asked his ' associates -on the- board to
stand by him- and i discharge ' every
man that has served in Bacon place
"for a reasonable time last" past.** ~Ttie
remarkable point of -Hutton's request
ir. the fact that the details in Bacon
place are changed practically every
twenty-four hours and the' dismissal
of every man that has served therein
during "a reasonable time last past"
would mean the practical wiping out
of the police force as it is now con
stituted.
Hutton's statement in full Is as fol
lows:
BAN FRANCISCO, Dec 21, 1904.*
To the Honorable Board of Police Commis
sioners of the City an<5 County of Pan Fran
cisco — Gentlemen: Having been Informed that
money w»» belnr paid to police officers for
protection at Bacon place, on the south side
of Pine etreeC «• little easterly of Dupont
street. I conducted a personal Investigation
and ''alter diligent and «ecret research I have
proved to my own satisfaction that each pros
titute occupy Ins a crib therein pays the' sum
of 23 cents per day Into a common fund, which
I am informed Is handled by a woman who is
known as "Bl» Marie," and she has for some
time past paid to each of the patrolmen on the
morning watch at that place th« ram of $2
per day and to each of the policemen on duty
from 3 to 11 p. m. the sum of (3 per day.
I am told that the money Is paid
as follows: There is situated on the east
erly side of Bacon place a . saloon
known as the "Klondyke." it has an en
trance en Pine street and one on Bacon
place. "Big Marie" at about a certain hour
enters It from Bacon place, and when the po
liceman stationed there sees her enter be
enters and roes to a small box In the rear,
where Maria has proceeded. The money Is
there passed to the policeman, and. Marl*
leavrs the way she entered and the policeman
does likewise. If there u any one present In
the saloon "Bis Marie" shakea hands with the
policeman In Bacon place and the money U
passed that way. ,
On Saturday the aggregate is $12, instead of
$10 per day. end on' Sunday $11 u paid. I am
aware that the policemen on that beat are con
tinually changed, but I believe it is an under
stood thing and the money is paid, and almost
every policeman going there knows what to
expect to do. • ■ . •
I state further to you that in my Judgment
It Is Impossible to secure legal proof of the
above matters; the policemen receiving the
money i wtU deny recelYlng It. the party pay
lag will deny having paid it and the girls
will deny they ever paid 23 cents to any such
fund, and the proprietor' of the Klondyke will
deny that Marie was ever in hU place but
that it Is paid I am sure, and I am satisfied
that It Is Impossible to trap any one.
In my opinion, the only way to prevent this
state of facts is to remove the detail; they
have accomplished nothing while 'there
Suppress Bacon place at any cost, and if we
can get an opinion from the City Attorney
that the provision of th« charter requiring a
trial for police Is unconstitutional, as I bellev*
it Is, I think It would be beneflcJal to the de
partment to dismiss without trial every one
on the Bacon place detail within Y reasonable
time past. I will furnish sufficient proof to
satisfy you that such action is Justifiable. '
The above matters were given to me in con
fidence by parties interested, and under my
promise not to divulge their, names, and none
of the above information w t8 received from
any member of the , force, and I have di
rected no. member of the force in the receipt
of any of the above money. Very respect
fully. \- -.' H. W. HUTTON.
But Hutton was destined to be rap
ped over the knuckles by his associates.
Reagan said that he was opposed to
any: such measure as Hutton advocat
ed. He eaid it would not only' be un
wise but would be un American to deny
any man '), the \ right to a hearing and
that the moral certainty of any one
man as to , the guilt of any person did
not .wrcessarlly mean that;; such .person
was guilty. Again Hutton has used in
his report the | statement, that ' In \ his
opinion "almost every man" Was guilty
of receiving money,; from these fallen
Continued on Page 2; Column 3.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21. — Charges and counter charges, denials piled upon
assertions made by Lawson, are apparently the order. of the day. The
Boston operator threw down the gauge of battle. It appears to have been
taken up at last by many persons. The incident has ceased to be a jest. It
is war and the outcome will be awaited with absorbing interest. All Wall
street is now leagued against the Boston financier.
James R. Keene PuWiclu Admits Truth of Charge
Made in "Frenzied Finance" Article,
, .
DISTRICT ATTORNEY OF GREATER NEW YORK. WHO HAS REFUSED TO
SWEAR OUT A COMPLAINT AGAINST THOMAS W. LAWSON ON LIBEL
CHARGES ■ PREFERRED BY WALL-STREET LEADERS.
.. ' _^ •_
FEAR OF RABIES
CAUSES DEATH
Worry Over a Bitten Dog
Eesiilts in Man's ' De
mise From ' Hydrophobia
Epecl&l Dispatch to Tb« Call.
HAMMOND, Ind., Dec 21.— Fred
Johnson, yardmaster at the Hegewisch
Car Works, died of hydrophobia to
day after, trying to kill his family, who
fastened him in his bedroom to. save
their lives and listened to his death
struggles.
Last July Johnson's pet dog was
bitten by a rabid dog. Johnson was
passionately fon'd of the canine j and
lived in dread that it would get rabies.
He brooded over the matter so much
that a policeman killed the dog. . -
Last Sunday Johnson was taken vio
lrntly 1114 ; He was never bitten by the
dog. Dr. J. T. Clark of this city diag
nosed the case as hydrophoDla and be
lieves that Johnson became mad be
cause he was constantly, fearing hydro
phobia.
CASUALTIES OF .GERMANS
IN SOUTHWEST AFRICA
To Date Kaiser's Troops Have Lost
- . Forty-Nine Officers and Five
• Hundred Men.
. BERLIN. Dec. 2 1.— r The i casualties
to date among the German troops op
erating in German Southwest Africa
ar e : Officers, 49; men, 5 1 0. { .{, : .£
These figures represent deaths from
all 'causes and include- the- missing.
The heavy 'percentage of officers killed
is attributed to the good marksman
ship of the natives. . ' . . :
ALCAZAR— "Peaeefnl Valley."
JALJFORXIA— "SU Hopklna."
COLUMBIA— "Th« BIUion*lre."
CENTRAL— "Two Little W*lfs."
CHUTES — VaudevUJe. Matlse« to-<!ay.
FISCHER'S — V&aderlUt. Matin** to
day.
GRANI>— ~In Dahomey."
aiAJESTIC— "Jhn Bludjo." M*tlae«
to-day.
ORPHEUM— Vawlerillt. Matin** to
day.
nvOU— "Klax Dodo."
SAWING WOOD
FOR CHARITY
Leading Men of an Ohio
City Take Part in a
Novel Public Contest
AKRON, Ohio,. Dec ; 21.— A wood
sawingr /contest for the benefit of the
Salvation Army - dinner to the poor
here was begun to-day on a raised
platform in front of the Akron Sav
ings Bank. "Matt" Weln's fife and
drum corps was the orchestra.
Judge J. A. Kohler and R. M. Wana
maker, after dropping $5 each into the
hat, grabbed a bucksaw apiece. The
logs were of apple wood and the per
spiration was profuse. The Judge fin
ished first and Wanamaker dropped
another $5: into the tile. A large
crowd applauded.
Then .other contests were held at $5
each between Mayor Kemple and Col
onel Sanford. Judge Grant and Forest
Firestone, City Solicitor E.E. Wells
and Mr. Wanamaker, who again was
forced to pay.
Attorney C. C. . Benner waa master
of ceremonies and fined . O. . C. Barber
and F. J. Ritchie, two millionaires. $15
each for non-appearance.
MUST AWAIT WAR'S END.
Appeals of - Russian Reformers Un
availing at Present.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec 21. — Em
peror _ Nicholas is holding councils
daily at". Tsarkoe-Selo. at which the
internal situation In Russia Is being
thoroughly discussedi •
In the opinion of- the council It is
not the time to entertain proposals
looking to a • change in the existing
form of government while war is pro
gressing and it was . decided to dis
courage political agitation.
THE THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Thomas W.
Lawson's declaration of war has draws
fire from nai — quarters. James R.
Keene, master manipulator of the mar
ket, to-day made public a letter which
he had written to the Boston operator
relative to transactions in Amalgam
ated Copper stock. All Wall street Trill
be lost In wonder that such a communi
cation should be made public, but since
Lawson has threatened to publish the
communication and has not done so
Keene has taken the initiative and pub^
llshed it himself. V
In the letter Keene admita having
f ? fo JL^ H -' Rocera «"> hi3 asso
ciates $22,000,000 of Amalgamated Cop
per stock at between 90 and 96. and
tells of his refusal on the further in
stance of Rogers to put the price to a
higher figure in a subsequent move
ment, which, Keena said, would invita
a collapse in price. That the price was
advanced and the collapse came Is a
matter of Wall street history. Who en
gineered the later 111 starred movement
is left to conjecture.
Wall street has thriven on the mys
tery as to who made the market move
ments. The shipbuilding scandal
showed the employment of one manip
ulator to "sell our stock first" for a
banking firm. Keene's letter acknowl
edges that he was employed by Rogers
and his associates to work off Amal
raznated Copper at from 90 to 96, which
has since broken to 33.
OTHERS TAKE UP GAGE.
From other quarters has Lawson
drawn fixe. Former United States Sen
ator Hlj?glS3 of Delaware pauses to
make denial of certain statements. Life
insurance officials come forward to de
fend their position and the New York
Commercial, which Lawson said was
the personal organ and property of H.
H. Rogers, issues an editorial denial of
that charge while admitting that
Rogers has a small Interest In th«
property.
Lawson apparently has nothing to
fear from the threats of criminal pros
ecution, as none will prosecute him for
bis "Frenzied Finance" articles. This
statement was definitely made to-day,
and * in the same breath it was an
nounced that two weeks ago District
Attorney Jerome refused to submit a
complaint to the Grand Jury at the re
quest of Samuel Untermyer. The Dis
trict Attorney said that Untermyer*a
complaint. would have to be made the
subject of an examination before a city
magistrate before it could be taken up
by the Grand Jury. Not wishing to go
through bothersome court proceedings,
all thought of a criminal prosecution
was dropped.
There seems to be some question as
, to Just how much money was paid to.
| settle the Delaware suit brought by
I William Buchanan and the discharge
j ol Dwight Braman as receiver of
Bay State Ga3. Elverton R. Chapman
said he carried $225,000 down to WI1
mineton and that he paid out all but
$15,000 to various claimants In the of
fice of Senator Gray. Roger Foster, a
lawyer, says he got the money in bulk
from Chapman and paid ■ It over him
self.
WHO ADVANCED THE 3IONEY? :
From another source It was learned
that Buchanan got $75,000 and Foster
and Braman $2i.00O each, or a total of
S125.CCO. Fester admits there were ten
or more Interests that had to be set
tled with, and If Chapman paid out
$210,000 the difference of $35,000 must
have gone to others besides Braman
and their lawyers. It was said that
Lawson had testified that he had fur-
Continued on Pace 2. Cohmm 4.2
RUSSIANS CLAIM STOESSEL HOLDS
ALL MAIN LINE FORTS
East Keekwan Is
Onlu a Minor
Position.
Loss of Hill Not
Regarded as -
Serious.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 21- — Mili
tary critics here do not attach vital
importance to the capture of the
north fort of Keekwan Mountain. They
declare it is not part of the main line
of defenses of Port Arthur and there
fore is without direct influence on the
late of ihe fortress.
Whilr declining to- give details, the
Admiralty admits that Russian advices
from Fort Arthur, sent by General
Stoessel, substantially confirmed the
Japanese advices of the partial wreck
ing of the Russian ships in the har
bor and the .censor has been instructed
to permit the publication of the dis
patches. It is claimed that several of
the larger ships ant! a respectable
Xiumber of torpedo-boat destroyers are
still seaworthy, but they are not being
considered as a factor in the coming
fight between Admiral Togo's ships
• lid the Russian second Pacific squad
ron.
The whole series of misfortunes
vhi«-h has attended the Port Arthur
squadron is a bitter chapter in Rus
sian naval annals, but since the ar
rival of the 2a lest advices there has
been 1^5* disposition to criticize Rear
Admiral . Wiren's failure to make a
•ortie. General Stoessel having decided
that further defense of the fortress
tvould be impossible if the guns of the
varships and the sailors landed were
re-embarked. Had the ships been able
to go out under the conditions exist-
Inr they would have been at the
mercy of the Japanese and have been
sacrificed without hope of inflicting
commensurate damage.
The mobilization announced yester
<!ay of the reserves in seven military
districts affects a portion of about half
of the military- districts of Russia.
"While some of the reserve men called
to the colors will be used to complete
the strength of the regiments" going
to the front, by far the greater num
ber will be formed into reserve units
to replace troops which have already
gone to the Far East.
Tills year the conscripts taken num
ber about half a million men, being
8 lout double the number usually
called to the colors. The number of
joung men annually liable to military
service Is more than 800,000.
•
Accused of Aiding: Russia.
COPENHAGEN. Dec. 21. — Several
newspapers here charge War Minister
liadsen with permitting Danish gun
factories to manufacture arms for
Russia, n is expected that the inci
dent will cause a storm in Parliament.
11*KTHQUAKES CAUSE
A PAXIC IX PANAMA
Houses Damaged by Shock on the
Isthmus and People Camp
in the Street*.
DAVID, Panama, Dec. 21. — There
vere ten slight earthquakes, followed
by one strong shock, at about 12:30
o'clock this morning. Numerous
houses here were damaged, and the
people, who were thrown into a panic,
an now camping in the streets.
PANAMA, Dec. 21. — Earthquake
ehocks were felt within a radius of 150
miles of Panama and Colon last night.
The disturbance was slight
WEALTHY JUNER FLVDS
CHILD AFTER TWO YEARS
Nornian Webster of CaKTornia Re
. gains His Little One In Xew York
State.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— Norman
fWebster, said to be a wealthy gold
mine owner of Soulsbyville. Cal., has
recovered possession of his four-and
a-half-year-old daughter, whom he
has been seeking for two years. The
child was found by a constable in
PouRhkeepsie.
Webster> wife visited relatives in
England two years ago and upon- her
return, decided, it is said, to remain
ip the East, and found a boarding-
Mace for the child in Poughkeepsie.
A constable there heard of the search
by the father and watched the child
until Webster arrived.
MAJOR HARDIN* ACQUITTED
OF CHARGES IX MANILA
Found Not Guilty mt Neglect or Dnty
In Connection With Prison
Break.
MANILA, Dec. 22.— Major Edward
E. Hardin of the Seventh Infantry,
U. 8. A., has been tried by court
martial and acquitted of the charge
of neglect of duty.
Major Hardin was charged with
neglect of duty in not having a suffi
cient guard at Malate prison, from
which thirty-three native prisoners
escaped recently, after killing three
fruardr. .• Y
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
A'~ CREAMY FOOD
Scott's Ermilsk>n is cod
Aver oil prepared as a food —
not a food like bread or meat,
but more like cream; in fact,
it is the cream of cod liver
oiL At the same time it is' a
blood-maker, a nerve tonic
and a flesh-builder. But
principally it is food for tired
and weak digestions, for all
who are fat-starved and thin-
It is pleasant to take ; children
like it and ask for more.
W«<J> ttmi ran a sample, free
•COTT & BOWSE, «a« Fmri Strwt, New Yarh.
Stray Pig Causes
Cessation of
Strife.
Slavs and Brown
Join-in Its
Pursuit.
ON THE FRONT LINE OF THE
RUSSIAN DEFENSE, BELOW MUK
DEN, Nov. 20.— We have just come in
from a ride around the front. It was
nearly a mile to the extreme front,
throughout fields of the giant millet
of Manchuria, which is being rapidly
burned for fuel. Whole villages of
Chinese ■ huts" have been robbed of
every particle -of woodwork for the
same purpose. Nearly the whole of
the army is living underground, where
budy heat has to serve instead of fires.
j Toward noon we came to an exten
sive entrenchment and • encampment,
where numero us -little fixes were burn
ing and big kettles swung from cross
sticks, showing that the soldiers were
preparing tea. Here the. general com
manding and a group of staff officers
welcomed us and in addition to the
tea one of them actually produced a
lemon to go with it. How a lemon
e\er got into that part of Manchuria
was a mystery that the lieutenant re
fused to solve.
There was a disturbance toward the
forward line of trenches that might
have presaged a Japanese attack and
wo rushed to a knoll that commanded
a view. There, from a seemingly de
serted Chinese hut rushed a half
grown pig — a shote of the Manchur
ian razorback variety. After it a
Cossack followed in hot pursuit. Other
Cossacks joined the chase, but the pig.
threading the trenches, gained the
open ground and headed for the Jap
anese lines, less than 400 yards away.
Reckless of death, or .anything else,
six Cossacks dashed in ' pursuit, . with
their long brown coats tucked around
their waists. But the pig headed across
the imaginary dividing line and
charged the Japanese position. The
opposite hill slope, to all appearance*,
had been vacant and silent as the
grave, but a hidden trench suddenly
gave up a party of Japanese, and away
they went after the pig. The Cossacks
stopped and the Japanese headed the
pig diagonally back toward the Rus
sian lines. They did not catch it, but a
fresh relay of Russians took up the
chase and the pig veered over again to
the Japanese.
Not a shot was fired in all this time
and the Japanese and Cossacks stood
within a hundred paces of one another
in the open, laughing at one another's
non-euccess and hurling mutual male
dictions after the pig. The- laet we saw
of it, the pig was keeping strictly to
the neutral strip between the forces
and holding westward in the direction
of the Llao River. = '•■". ;.■- ■■.;. :.v
The general laughed, though he also
sighed at the thought of the vanished
pig, and Invited us over to have more
tea at his "palace."
• "I do not patronize anything but pal
aces," he explained, as we mounted to
follow him, "and there being none here
abouts I had one built,"
It was down a steep trail, where the
horses fairly sat' down and slid on the
frozen ground. Overhanging the edge
of a narrow valley was "the palace, a
more than unusually commodious dug
out, and inside was a .stove 'cunningly
built into the wall with home-made
bricks. It had had a fire in it the day
before and was shut up tight and still
warm. Before It on the ground sat
Prince Radzivil, just: come in- from a
scout, and warming his red hands
against the brrcks.- There was a table
and a tiny window letting In a little
light from "a tunnel on one side. And
hot tea. without lemon this time, added
to the joys of living.
STATES OF • GEJIMAXY.. MAY
UNITE THEIR LOTTERIES
Plan to Organize a Form of Trust
Under Control of the Gov
ernment.
BERLIN, Dec. .21. — Prussia is ne
gotiating treaties with the other Ger
man States for the collective manage
ment of State lotteries, thus reducing
the expenses. The proceeds are" to be
shared on-an equitable-eystem-of-per
centages, avoiding the multiplication
of agents and advertising and remov
ing the necessity for costly competi
tion.
Although to buy or sell a ticket in
one State for a lottery. in another is a
misdemeanor severely punishable, it
is constantly done. Saxony ; has been
Prussia's most annoying competitor
by raising the capital prize and then
conniving at the sale of tickets in
Prussia. , Thereupon Prussia .was
obliged to raise the prizes and to dis
tribute such tracts as "Why it is a
duty to subscribe to the lottery, by a
clergyman," or pictures showing a
young man bringing his old parent his
winnings. ;^-.^; . ..
NEW GERM AX TAX LAW
AIMED AT CORPORATIONS
Proposed Measure Will- Compel Them
to Pay Where Formerly They
Escai>ed. -\ ;."c ;;./•'• -v.'i
BERLIN, Dec. 21. — The Govern
ment aims in the forthcoming revision
of the income tax law to bring under
its provisions limited liability com
panies, which heretofore have not
been subject to this taxation. The
chief object -of the Government is to
increase the revenue to meet the def
icit, but the measure also embodies
the Government's counter stroke to
the Herne Company, which was or
ganized December 12, with a capital
of $9,000,000. for the purpose of
checkmating the Prussian Govern
ment in getting control of the Hlber
nia Coal Company, v . .
In recent years this form of organ
ization has been in great favor with
German capitalists. HeavHy capital
ized companies are so organized that
foreign investors especially have
adopted it, to. the detriment of the im
perial treasury.
Made Bishop of Helena.
DUBUQUE, Iowa. Dec. 21.— Rev.
John P. Carroll former president or
St. Joseph's College of this city, was
to-day consecrate;d>Blshop of- the dio
cese of •'■ Helena, Mont: Archbishop
Keane of, Dubuque officiated as conse
crator. Archbishop Glennon of._St.
-Louis preached the .sermon. ".- .Twenty
prelates and 200 priests were oresent.
THE: SAK FRANCISCO CAU. THURSDAY. DECEMBER ,22. 1904.
Japanese Fail to
Retain the
Etze Fort.
NogiReptfrtsCap
ture of Rus
sian Guns.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
Rojestvensky's squadron to testify be
fore the international commission,
made statements during his journey
to Paris that are exciting consider
able stir in official and diplomatic cir
cles, as indicating a rather defiant and
belligerent tone on the eve of the as
sembling of. the commission. Some of
Clado's statements were strongly an
tagonistic to Great Britain, he declar
ing that the British agitation over the
North Sea incident, leading up to the
appointment of the international com
mission, was a plan to delay the Rus
sian second Pacific squadron from re
lieving Port Arthur.
He also asserted that another cam
paign having for its object the passage
of the Dardanelles by the Russian
Black Sea fleet would be launched at
an opportune time. In the meantime,
he added, men and equipment from
the Black Sea fleet would be sent to
aid the second Pacific squadron.
Russia Buys Drexel's Yacht,
LONDON. Dec. 21. — It is said that
Russia has bought Anthony J. Drex
el's fine steam yacht Margarita, pay
ing $650,000. • J
SENSATION
BYHUTTON
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
women, the one word "almost" making
it apparent that the dismissal of
every man that had served in Bacon
place during a "reasonable period last
past" would do irreparable injustice to
son/e one.
Drinkhouse and HowelJ came strong
ly to Reagan's support and also voiced
the opinion that such a course would be
wrong, and j unjust,' ' and Drinkhouse
adde'd that even if the City Attorney
did decide that policemen were'nptien
titled to trial he would ignore; such an
opinion and give every man in the de
partment the right to be heard in his
own defense. Hutton's report was read
into the record, however, but it is not
probable that the City Attorney will be
asked for advice, unless upon the appli
cation of Hutton, acting alone and un
supported. .
Prior to the development of this in
teresting condition of affairs the board
awakened the interest of the audi
ence by announcing that it would
visit every so-called French restau
rant in the city that has rooms in
which meals and drinks are. served
for the purpose . of ascertaining
whether they should be allowed to re
tain their liquor licenses. All of the
big resorts will be first visited and
then the little ones will come in fqr
inspection. From remarks made by
the commission it is apparent that the
raid on this class of resorts is about
to begin. '
Several employment agents spent a
bad hour before the , Commis
sioners,, .last evening. The charges
against them were "•-" that" they
accepted fees from applicants for po
sitions when the positions were but fig
ments of the imagination.
Kelly & Davis, who conducted a place
at 130 Sansome street, lost their license
for sending a number of men to woxJc
on a farm near Sacramento that inves
tigation established was at the tjjne
under several feet of water. Miss'^R. J.
Perry, who conducted a place in rodm
325, Phelan building, lost her, license
for a similar offense. _ ■ ... „ .
A. J. Costigan & Co. and Robert
Hausmann,- who conducts his business
at 51 Third street, got continuances 1 ' pf
the cases against them that- missing
witnesses might- b« located; .'. $ r ; •■«* *<-.-.
Paul's restaurant^ on Bush x ' street
must hereafter run in a mariner; that
will insure freedom of inspection o£ its
every nook and cranny. After hearing
the charge of Joseph /Thomp'kins 'thai
he had been 'robbed- while, spending a
pleasant hour with two fair frequent
ers of xthe- restaurant); the 'commission
ordered Paul, to remove the. doors of
the booths in -.the place. The^'coirimls
slon further; announced, that lit would
inspect r the • place -apdlif the.bpoths.
even with the . doors removed! ' were
found to be objectionable they would
be ordered taken down. . '„..•••' * •; . '•
After; hearing -all the facts" relating
to the charges against; Morgan's 'cafe,
Eddy street, near Powell, the board
ordered Morgan's license, -which ex r
pired. last .Monday, r renewed. /-The
license of Mark Augenblick, 'who . con
ducted a saloon at Polk and Jackson
streets, was" ordered reissued ! to : him
it having been revoked some weeks ago
on complaint that the place .wag;<Iis
orderly- Augenblick promised '.to - cor
rect the .; strenuous tendencies of- his
patrons. .' • . ,. -; -■; '■• ■*\>™V
The cases against 'Patrolmen Johh
D. Berrie and Cormac - McGorty,
charged by George Mlro with' receiving
a bribe for .suppressing a 'reports of a
dice game In a saloon at Davlsadero
and Sutter streets, was continued' for
a week after Attorney William penman
had testified that Berrie's character is
most' exemplary. .
Patrolman P.' J. McManus,- who was
charged with ...negligence in connec
tion with the preparation of a report
regarding the, prosecution for misde
meanor *of one Louisa Price of ';jlQ6
Taylor street, was. exonerated, it hav
ing been established that what' ap- j
peered to be negligence on the patrol- I
man's part was unavoidable error. \
The board, on adjourning, an- •
nounced that it would do so out of
respect to the memory of the 'late
WilliRm Alvord, who for a period of t
years served the people in the capacity i
of Police Commissioner. v - ,-•■■!
The real estate agent ought- to shine
as a -conversationalist. He has lots to
talk about. S^SHSKBBBBSSmSBm^
THOUSANDS
MADE IDLE
BY DROUGHT
Pennsylvania Coal
Mines Forced
to Close.
One Pittsburg Company Re
leases All Unmairied
Employes.
Scarcity of Water Threatens to
Cause a Total Suspension
of Operations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Dec. 21.— The
Pittsburg Coal Company . has found it
impossible to run its mines, on account
of the three months' drought! which is
assuming alarming proportions, and to
day It announced that until further
notice there would be no work 'for its
unmarried men. All those who have
families dependent upon them will be
taken care of, eo far as possible,. though
it may be necessary to shift them from
mine to mine. About ten thousand un
married men were ordered off work to
day.
This Is the first time in the history
of mining in western. Pennsylvania
that so many mines have been ordered
closed through drought. " Little \ or no
coal has been" sent down the river since
late in the summer and it will now take
several days' , rain to start coal out
and open up the mines.
The scarcity of water also has caused
the coke ovens and the railroads to
partially suspend operations, and un
less relief comes soon the mills will be
seriously affected. "
The public schools of Wilmerding
and Wilkinsburg, near here, were dis
missed to-day on account of no water.
The production of the coke region is
demoralized. The output of the ovens
has been reduced one-third and the loss
is estimated. at $1,000,000 a month.
The Westmoreland Water Company,
which suplles Greensburg, I Jeanette,
Pennmanor and Irwin, announces there
is barely enough water to last through
the week and it will be necessary to
shut %>ff water to keep enough for flre
fighting purposes.
Eight towns in Turtle Creek Valley
were without water to-day and there
were great dread of fire and many un
washed ■ faces, while the schools were
compelled to close. The engines of the
Pennsylvania Water Company, supply
ing the towns, broke down . this . morn
ing leaving the villages dry. - • ... j
The .water in the- rivers is low and is
filled with sulphuric acid, causing much |
damage .1,6 the machinery, in the mills
and the boilers of locomotives. ..'."."
ALL WALL
STREET IS
II LEAGUE
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
nished $100,000 of the money and that
$60,000 was raised on a note given by
one of the Bay State Gas companies.
„ GJiapinan has not said from whom he
got the $225,000 that he carried to Wil
mington, Del., in two dress suit cases,
or "grips." Senator Gray, in whose of
flce the transaction took place, it is
said by Roger Foster, was the lawyer
for Dwight t^Braman.
• Henry Wellington Wack's complaint
against Thomas W.'*' La wson, based on
his conduct in depreciating. the value of
stock In the Amalgamated \. Copper
Company, will not be considered by the
Grand Jury. Assistant District:Attor
ney Smythe, to whom the matter had
been referred by.;Jef-ome, Iqld Wack to
day that unless' he produced stronger
"evidence than his possession
against. Lawson the District. Attorney
v/ould not be "justified " in taking any
action. C. i M. Beattie, lawyer for
t Wack, said he,would go to a magistrate
jand seek to have a warrant .Issued for
lavvson's arrest!' *" v < - ,
BAY" STATE GAS LITIGATION.
-BOSTON, Dec. 21.— Judge 1 Braley. In
the Supreme Judicial,. Court* , to-day,
gave a hearing .'on the '.question of al
lowing the: demurrer of the defendants
in the suit of the Bay State Gas Com
pany of Delaware^ against Thomas W.
Lawson and others to restrain Lawson
and Weidenfeld from parting with 50,
290 shares of Bay State Gas Company
of Delaware stock; 374 ($1000) 5 per cent
bonds of the Buffalo City Gas Compa
ny; 140 ($1000) debentures' of the Buf
falo City Gas Company: °It is asked
that these securities be delivered to the
plaintiff because of an alleged conspir
acy to divert the funds 1 of' the Delaware
Company to the uses of 'the conspira
tors. ; , .. ,
■', The answer and demurrer*; of the de
fendant, Lawson, are denials of the al
legations of the plaintiff,, The defend
ant describes: many " transactions in
connection with gas matters and de
clares that the.Bay State Gas Company
of Delaware still owes Lawsqn and
Weidenfeld; $48S,434, as a result iof deal
ings begun >ih, 1895. X
Counsel for 'Lawson presented a mo
tion that, a paragraph of the plaintiff's
bill referring to collusion and conspir
acy . be . stricken out.
The plaintiff's attorney maintained
that the charges of Lawson sagainst the
Delaware Company were' excessive and
that the fact that excessive charges
were made and allowed appeared to
show collusion. He declared that it was
the aim of the litigation, to show Re
ceiver GeorgeVW. Pepper of the Dela
ware Company the exact relation be
tween that, company: and" Lawson and
Weidenfeld. Judge Braley reserved
decision. / m . • ■
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Taka , Laxative Brorno Quinine v Tablet*. 'All
i™!.? 18^* refund the money if It tain to cur*.
K. \W. Groves •ignaturejli on each box. 28c»
1 ¥ Will be in at- ; -jSifcip ipiiii . FREE %
<i tendance' and : ~mtmBMWMm'..-.™ui*J v!r il
o ISp ffliiililKlllilliliillllilllHW calling^ ac-
S give a hand- v2|gl Wiiii"' 1 '''"Ipt compamed by J
W '■■■ S . "^^ ;w M 'Mfifliliiliiii' i: 'f ;parent> or «T
m some present ; guardian k.
w For Men For Young Men For Boys ;j
§ ouTconc y av S esh W ouK Latest cut ' with E 'ons, *««'««. M
V^ ders, in all colors -side and center Norfolks, Two- m
J^ and designs, .\ vents. In worsteds piece, Three-piece,
ipr $14 to $35 and cassimeres, Four-piece Suits, %i
W i^^^ill $?- 5 °to$25 . ; $3 to $12 »
m CLOTHING* ORDERS ISSUED J§
fg Man Sm-SmMAHKETST.NO^feEBV x™ %
ROMNEY CANVAS
BRINGS FORTUNE
ftoiiiaiitic Story Back of
Recent Sale of Picture
in London for $34,125
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LONDON, Dec. 21.— Behind the sale
of a Romney picture at Christie's for
6500 guineas ($34,125) lies a romance.
It opens forty years ago at the little
seaport and mining town of White
haven, on the Cumberland coast. A
small tradesman 4 had fallen into diffi
culties' and a sale was held of his
household effects, which wag attended
chiefly by frugal housewives in search
of bargains In the shape of pots and
pans and second-hand furniture. Their
interest slackened when the auctioneer
unrolled three grimy canvases, and a
local wight, who had strayed upon the
scene, bought the lot. for a. few shill
ings,, without the faintest idea that
among them was an art treasure that
would be worth a fortune some day.
In fact, he cared little for pictures him
self and bought them more as a joke
than anything else.
Among the women present was Mrs.
John Tomlinson, bent on picking up
cheaply some articles of domestic utiL
ity. Her husband was a civil servant
of sorts, being a "Government distribu
tor of stamps," and a man of some in
telligence, with a liking for pictures.
Thrifty Mrs. Tomlinson did not believe
in wasting money on such things her
self, but she told John of the incident.
The 'next day he sought but the pur
chaser, who gave himself credit for
displaying remarkable shrewdness In
selling them again for twice what he
had paid for them. •
• .Tomlinson stretched . the canvases
and hung them in his house. He had no
idea at. that time. of the amazing value
of his find. Some "painter chaps" in
the neighborhood told> him. that they
were certainly good pictures, which he
regarded as a flattering tribute to his
own Judgment and cultured taste.. On
the strength of them, .as the years
rolled by, he acquired quite a local rep
utation as an art connoisseur. • Artists
visiting; the neighborhood frequently
dropped in .upon him and admired his
little . collection. He received several
local offers for them; which he stub
bornly resisted. . .. :
One artist settled at Whitehaven re
peatedly tried to . induce him^ to .part
with the Romney canvas. He was not
quite certain that it was a Romney,
and the price he., offered was only a
fraction. of what it fetched at auction,
but it represented a prodigious sum to
Tomlinson. Still he declined. He had
enough to keep him in comfort in his
old age, and he did not hanker after
riches. Strangely enough, no news of
the Whitehaven treasure ever reached
the ears of the bis dealers, and. in con
sequenre none of the hungry roving
commissioners of the art world ever,
descended on the town of the under
sea mines. , i ~
Tomlinson- died intestate when near
ly 90. Some of the heirs wrote to Chris
tie's about his pictures. One of the ex
perts of the firm was dispatched north
and saw. at a' glance the richness of
Whltehaven's secret. Very '
was ;the scene at Christie's sale from
that other, sale forty years earlier. The
place was jammed. For two and a half
hours', the patient sightseers awaited
the appearanpe.pn the eas^l of the pic
ture, .w.hich -the Whitehaven house
wives had'eyed with disdain. :
At length the r unfranied canvas,, bo
lohgthe adornment' of »i humble man-,
.tel piece,*: was hoisted up. Hundreds of
v wedged elbows stiffened. -Hundreds of
enger^eyes turned to the picture. The
dealers; cleared their throats.
"FJve x- hundred guineas,'/" exclalnied
ADVERTISEMENTS.
the eldest of them, and the battle had
begun.
The bidding advanced by hundred
guinea stages until an impressive pause
proclaimed that the limit had been
reached and the fall of the hammer
terminated the scene. Lockett Agnew,
the well-known London dealer, had se
cured It for $34,500 in American money.
The two other Whitehaven pictures
which were included in the sale — por
traits by Tilly Kettle and painted some
time prior to 178J— fetched $1285. The
lot that had been sold for a few shill
ings in 1864 realized $35,410 in 1904. Such
is the romance of picture buying!
The Romney picture represents two
little children, one a girl . carrying a
doll, and the other a mite of a boy, ap
parently her brother, walking proudly
by her side, as though intent on pro
tecting her with his toy gun. The paint
ing of the two heads, especially that of
the little maid, is of excellent bloom.,
But the canvas has been sadly neglect
ed and there are traces of village paint
upon it. After undergoing careful
treatment at the hands of the skilled
picture mender its appearance will be
greatly improved. When next sold it
may fetch several thousand dollars
more than Agnew paid for it. The
highest recorded price paid for a Rom
ney at an auction sale is $53,275.
How such a fine specimen of Rom
ney's work originally reached White
haven is a mystery that has not yet
been fathomed. But its discovery has
led to a lot of rummaging among dusty
lumber rooms all over the country, and
every mail brings dozens of letters to
Christie's requesting them to send ex
perts to examine pictures which the
writers are convinced are Romney'a or
Gainsborough's.
Brief Session of the Senate.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— After a
session of four minutes' duration the
Senate adjourned to-day until Janu
ary 4 next.
« Why Not Give
Him a Hat?
If you want to
give some friend a
dependable hat for
Christmas then visit
our hat department
and make your selection.
The value in our hats
■sy/ is so good that 'the. re-
P cipient would be led to
believe that the price is more than it realiy is.
We have hits -in ali the
latest styles of soft and stiff c ;^^^^^
shapes at $1.30. $1.95, r^nHB.'''
$2.50 and $3.00, and the
genuine J B. Stetson at
$4.00. French silk opera '-.^^^.^HHb
Irits at $6.00, which sell -for l/^fl^y
buy to the best ppssible/ad-
740 Market Street "^^
NO EVIDENCE
AGAINST THEM
3Ien Arrested on Suspicion
of Having Murdered Mes
senger Roberts Eeleased
♦
Special D'.sratch to The CalL
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 21— Jarvia
and Schwindler, who were arrested at
Burlingame, near San Francisco, on
suspicion of being implicated in the
recent robbery of a Santa Fe train and
the murder of Express Messenger Rob
erts, were ' released from custody this
afternoon and returned to San Fran
cisco with their employer, F. J. Mackey.
the millionaire horse owner. The Grand
Jury spent the better part of two day3
investigating the case, summoning wit
nesses from San Francisco, Los An
geles and desert points, but this after
noon the District Attorney advised the
jury that he would file a motion to dis
miss the case. The men had been in
the car immediately ahead of the
robbed express car. attending a lot of
horses for Mackey, but there was noth
ing more than that to connect them
v/ith the crime.
The cash-on-dellvery parcel post
system has worked successfully In
Germany for forty years. France. Aus
tria, Switzerland, Italy, Holland, and.
in fact, practically every country on
the continent, has adopted it, as also
has the United States.
ADVERTISEMENTS.WILLIAM ALVORD
DIES IN THIS CIT Y
Banker and Financier Suddenly Passes Away
THE LATE WILLIAM ALVORD WHOHELD A PROMINENT PLACE IX TIIB BANKING, COMMERCIAL AND MUNICIPAL
LIFE OF SAN FRANCISCO DURIN- * pt-'-^P- , N - HALF A CENTURY. THROUGHOUT WHICH HE WAS
CALLED UPON TO HEAD MANY NOTEWORTHY ENTERPRISES.
William Alvord died yesterday morn
irg at his home in this city, the cause
being heart failure. For many years
a. leading figure in the commercial life
of San Francisco, his death caused
great sorrow. Flags were half masted
on the Bank of California, of which in
stitution he was president continuous
ly from April 9. 1S7S. and other business
and banking institutions lowered flags
as a token of respect to his memory.
No man in the city has taken more
active interest in the welfare of San
Francisco. Few, if any, have been dis
tinguished in an equal number of di
rections.
William Alvord came to San Francis
co In 1853. He was born in Albany,
New York, January 3. 1833. When he
was seventeen years old he began busi
ness as clerk In a hardware store, in
New York City. Three years later he
arrived in San Francisco and followed
the same line of business two years In
the same capacity. In 1S55 he estab
lished the hardware firm of Alvord &
Haviland, in Marysvllle and, two years
later the firm of Alvord & Co. in San
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Few Pe©i-l2 Know How Useful It Is in
Preserring Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature,
but few realize its value when taken
into the human system for the same
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; it is not a
drug at all. but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present
in the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
•smoking, drinking or after eating on-
ions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion; it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the j>oison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the
best charcoal and the most for the
money is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozen-
ges; they are composed of the finest
powdered Willow charcoal and other
harmless antiseptics in tablet form,
or rather In the form of large, pleas-
ant tasting lozenges. -the charcoal be-
ing mixed with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and -^ purer
blood, and the beauty, of it is that no
possible harm can result from their
'.ontinued use. but, on the contrary,
preat benefit.
A Buffalo physician, in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I advise
Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all pa-
tients suffering from gas In stomach
and bowels and to dear the complex-
Jon and purify the breath, mouth and
throat: I also believe the liver is
greatly benefited by the daily use of
them; they cost but 25 cents a box at
drug stores and although in some
sense a , patent preparation, yet I be-
lieve I get more and better charcoal
In Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges than in
•uqr of the ordinary charcoal tablets."
Francisco. This connection continued
until 1867.
Mr. Alvord went abroad on account
of poor health, in 1SG6.
Upon his return to this city, in 1S67,
he was elected president of the Pacific
Rolling Mill Company and continued as
such during twenty years. His tastes
were artistic. In 1871 he was elected
president of the San Francisco Art As
sociation, a position that he occupied
four successive terms. He was elected
Mayor of San Francisco in IS71 and
filled the mayoralty chair two years.
In 1S73 he was appointed a Commis
sioner of Golden Gate Park and served
until 1SS2. He was also a Police Com
missioner of this city from 1S78 to 1S&9.
CAREER WITH BANK.
His connection with the Bank of Cali
fornia began in November, 1871, when
he was elected a director of the bank to
fill the vacancy occasioned by the death
of William J. Barron. He became vice
president of the bank in October, 1S75.
On the resignation of D. O. Mills, Mr.
Alvord was made president.
In 1890 and 1891 Mr. Alvord was presi
dent of the American Forestry Associa
tion of Washington. D. C. In the lat
ter yearf he was elected president of
the . Alaska-Treadwell Gold Mining
Company. In many other connections
he was given the first place. He wag
made president of the Alaska-Mexican
Gold Mining Company in 1893; of the
California Academy of Sciences In the
same year: president of the San Fran
cisco. Clearing House; president of the
AlasKa United Gold Mining Company.
He was president of these several
bodies at the time of his death.
Mr. Alvord served as president of
the Pacific CIuo, the Loring Club, the
Astromonical Society of the Pacific and
chairman of the local board of direct
ors of the London, Liverpool and Globe
Insurance Company, holding the latter
office many years. At the time of his
death he was also a director of the
Selby Smelting and Lead Works, of
the Security Savings Bank, the United
Railroads of S.in Francisco, the San
Francisco Breweries (Limited), the
Spreckels and Western Sugar Refining
companies And the California Title and
Insurance Company.
A GENTLE MAN. '
While £e was prominent in these
varied capacities, he had a strong hold
upon the affections of countless citizens
of California by reason of his gentle
ness and purity of life. Whatever was
low or mean repelled him. To him con
sistently was given the title of gentle
man. He daily visited Golden Gate
Park and fed the birds. His charities
were many and unostentatious.
For some weeks prior to his death
Mr. Alvord had been ailing, but he was
at his desk as late as December 13.
lAst Sunday he. took a drive. When he
died his stepson, Dr. James W. Keeney,
was with him. Mrs. Alvord died some
time ago. Two stepsons, Charles M.
Keeney and Dr. James W. Keeney, sur
vive. There are relatives in the East.
Appropriate action in memory of Mr.
Alvord will be taken by the various
organizations to which he belonged.
The directors of the Bank of California
will adopt resolutions of respect at
their next meeting. The office of pres
ident of the bank will probably remain
vacant untilthe quarterly meeting of
the directors in the second week in
January.
Mr. AJvord evidently knew that he
was in danger of death. Yesterday a
letter was received by the Academy of
Sciences, in which Mr. Alvord had
written that he wished. to resign the
presidency of the academy and that he
bad resigned other positions. . He added
that he was likely to drop from his
chair at any time. Within half an hour
after the letter was opened in the
Academy of Sciences building . news
was received that Mr. Alvord was dead.
THE SAN^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 22, \1904.
AGED FATHER
OF BRITISH NAVY
PASSES AWAY
PORTSMOUTH, England, Dec. 21.
Admiral Sir Erasmus Ommanney, the
"father of the British navy." died here
to-day after a long illness. He was
the last survivor of the battle of Na
varino, fought in 1827, which result
ed in the destruction of the Turkish
fleet. The admiral was born in 1814
and entered the navy In 1826.
In the early f 30's Ommanney went
with Captain Ross on his Baffin's Bay
and Greenland expedition. % Later he
saw service in the Mediterranean, was
present at the French bombardment
of Tangiers and at Athens during the
Greek revolution. From there he
went to the Arctic on a tour of ex
ploration and added greatly to our
knowledge of the Far North. Ad
miral Ommanney rendered brilliant
service against Russia in 1854. He
retired in 1874.
FORMER SENATOR DEAD.
George L. Shoup of Idaho Goes to
Eternal Rest.
BOISE. Idaho, Dec. 21.— After an
illness lasting several weeks, George
L. Shoup, former United "States Sena
tor from Idaho, died at his home to
day in his sixty-eighth year. He was
Territorial Governor when Idaho was
admitted into the Union and was the
first Governor elected in the State. He
was elected to the United States Sen
ate in 1890 and served two terms.
Pomologist Passes Away.
SAX ANTOXIO, Tex., Dec. 21.—
Professor J. L. Budd, for twenty r two
years at the head of the dep'artment
of horticulture at the Iowa State Agri
cultural College 'and one o£,Jthe most
widely known pomologists the
world, is dead. He visited Russia In
1E87 for the United States Govern
ment and spent two years in studying
the fruit trees of Siberia and Intro
duced many new varieties into the
United States. - ■ V;; .;,
MORE FRAUDULENT VOTES
DISCOVERED IX DENVER
One Hundred and Nineteen Ballots
Said to Have . Been Written \>i
by One Person.
DENVER, Dec. 21. — The report
presented to the Supreme ' Court to
day by the handwriting experts who
examined the ballots in the box. from
Precinct 2, Ward 4, of - this . city
showed that of 356 votes 144 were ap
parently fraudulent. One hundred
and forty Democratic ballots Were re
ported to have been written by five
persons, one of whom had written
119.
Each of the twenty-three men now
serving sentence in jail for contempt
of court has filed a petition for a re
hearing and alleviation of sentence- 1 . .
The petitions are identical and the
grounds upon which ,they are; based
are solely technical, the principal one
being: a challenge of the right of the :
Supreme Court to assume jurisdiction »
of the election. , <
Th» Emerson piano U one of th* few pianos
which can stand the rigors cf all climatic ex
tremes. Positively sruaranteed at Sherman
Clay & Co.'» TBgatjd t . • '
MORE CARRIERS
ARE DROPPED
Two Prominent Men of the
Rural Service Dismissed
by Postmaster General
POLITICS THE CAUSE
Executive Board of National
Association Soon to Meet
to Take Up the Subject
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21— Postmaster
General Wynne to-day removed two
more rural carriers for alleged efforts
to influence legislation, the employes
being H. E. Nivin of Berthoud, Colo.,
and J. W. Whitehead of Medina, Ohio.
Nivin is chairman of the executive
board of the National Rural Carriers'
Association. Whitehead also is a mem
ber of the executive board and is sec
retary of the Ohio State organization of
the carriers.
The plans for the campaigner legis
lation carried on prior to the' November
election by President Cunningham and
Secretary Tumber, both of whom were
recently dismissed as the result of an
investigation of their work, were, it is
charged by the postal authorities, ap
proved and indorsed by both Nivin. and
Whitehead.
The report on the investigation points
out that Nivln's plan was that the
rural carriers in each State should look
into the question of supporting the can
didates for election or re-election to
Congress in their State and to such of
these candidates as proved "true" to
the carriers the association would
pledge its support for any political
honors sought in the particular State.
It is expected that a meeting of the
executive board of the National Asso
ciation of Letter Carriers, comprising
the carriers in the city service, will be
called immediately after the Christmas
holidays to take action in connection
with the recent dismissal of President
Keller of that organization from the
Government service. This meeting is
made especially necessary by the fact
that Keller, having been dismissed as a
carrier, will not be received or recog
nized in any way at the Postofflce De
partment and his power as head of the
association thereby will be crippled. .
The question of continuing the pres
ent expense account incident to the of
fice of president also is to be consid
ered.
SUITOR KILLS WOMAN",
A MAN AND HIMSELF
Clerk Shoots* Widow Who Scorned
Him and a Constable Who
Interfered.
LOCKPORT. N. Y.. Dec. 21. — Fred
Jones, a clerk in a store at Newfane,
shot and killed Mrs. Libbie Goodrich
and Constable William C. Gray to-day
and then fatally shot himself.
Jones was a suitor of Mrs. Good
rich, who was a widow w!th several
children and ?wcll-to-do. Being older
than "Jones, she had objected to his
attentions. Jones, it is alleged, had
threatened to kill her and burn- her
property, Jn consequence of which
she to-day obtained a warrant for his
arrest, which was siven to Constable
Gray to serve. Gray-'hadgone to the
store where Jones was employed,
when Jones requested permission to
send for Mrs. Goodrich in order that
he might settle the matter with her.
Jones and the woma'ri had some words
and Jones shot her in the head. When
Constable Gray attempted to interfere
Jones shot, him in the temple. Jones
then put a bullet into his own head.
MAN WHO TRIED TO IMPOSE
ON HADLEY SENT TO JAIL
NEW H.AVEN, Conn.. Dec. 21.— A
sentence of six months in jail was im
posed to-day on Charles G. Porter,
the Roxbury (Mass.) man arrested on
complaint of President Hadley of
Yale University. There were six
counts against Porter, including beg
ging, idleness and traveling from
place to place without lawful pur
pose..
For C^hrKtma^ Gift^ Thfc^p
S^^^^^^^^^J^T^S^^^^ Y^^m GiveTiim a smoking jacket, dressing gown, bath
™|Sp^^"ff^^f ::^^^^^P robe, fancy vest or something in furnishing goods.
£ mBB^S sSr^^as^ ou w * 11 incl our co^ ec^ on complete and our prices
Wmi$^- '^^^^^X^^^S^^^^f^^^^^^^^ "*" he P icture shows two of our $5 Smoking Jackets
3n The jackets are made"of golf cloth in two-toned
'' effects; that is, the plaid inside of the goods being a
<—. gWa^^^Pi jpP Mi^^^^^^A^^^aHL contrasting color when folded over forms the trimming
ffigjjfllllllllg! J g^^^^^^^^^j^BHT W . The colors are such as black, brown, green, tan,
jB^m^^mSfl It— olive, garnet, navy, etc. Each garment has satin piped
; -^■M^StM^^ i- %!0^^MjM^^^^k0^^^m/ ' se?ms, cord-bound edges and loop and frog fastenings.
Hp^p- |f g^^^^^^^R^^^w^ These smoking jackets were made by us. That's^
Jlliif I!!!!! prises nil materials in all colors at $4, $5, $6.50.
llis Irarar ' •' Sli lliipwt $r.5O, $8.50 and $10. We are sure to have what
HHf liiliL ' F$m Dressing Gowns as pictured, made of golf cloth in
wHf^— illl? two-toned effects, with trimmings in contrasting colors;
*&&&*■■■ y& large, roomy gnme/its, elegantly tailored, prices $10,
B|te%-><. """"'"l^Si-v. ...isC^^^-^ Sffte at^ r °t>es of all-wool eiderdown in gray, tan,
■^Hp^*'"^^.-.^ :^fejS " navy, brown and wine, in harmonious stripes and fig-
JMi&faijfr^;^^. ; ;; f . ures, prices $4.85, $6.65 and $8.85.
■■ . ( ....... ; ' » _ The chest measure is all that is necessary in determining the size.
Merchandise Orders /^ VI \ klf\f\¥\ '& fV\ ' Store Service
In making a gift where it is prefer- " €&•/%! • Ifl/f lll|fA)ili* Though the store is busy these days,
able "for the recipient to select the \ \3.7- T ▼ C—_— J_^-/ \J^ we have a corps of efficient salesmen,
goods purchase one of our Merchan- so that all customers may be waited
dise Orders. , : - , , 740 Market Street. . on promptly. . , ...",.;."
MARE ISLAND'S
CASE HOPEFUL
Senator Perkins of Opinion
That Appropriation, Will
Be Secured for the Yard
CONFERS WITH CAPPS
Sum for Equipment May Be
Voted on Fl6or of House
Despite Committee Action
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.— Even if Ad
miral Capps and the House committee
maintain their position in regard to the
equipment of the Mare Island navy
yard — that is, to cut out the appropria
tion of $200,000 recommended for that
purpose — Senator Perkins is of the
opinion that the provision will be main
tained on the floor; that the navy
yard will be furnished the equipment
necessary for the building of the col
lier, as provided at the last session, and
that the collier will be built at Mare
Island.
Senator Perkins and Representative
Knowland had a long conference with
Admiral Capps after the action of the
House committee became known yes
terday. They presented the claims of
the Pacific Coast with regard to naval
construction at the navy, yards in
such a light that it is probable the
admiral will revise his testimony given
before the House committee, which is
now before him for review. It was
shown that the bill providing for the.
building of a collier at a. navy yard on
the Pacific Coast had already been
passed by Congress, and that it could
not be carried out until the yard had
been equipped for the work.
Senator Perkins says the provision
will be Included in the naval appropri
ation bill and will go through.
Representative Knowland left for
home last evening.
HOUSE POSTPONES ACTION.
Inaugural Ball Question Put Over
Until After Holidays.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21. — An ob
jection by Mann of Illinois to taking
up the inaugural resolution in the
House to-day put the whole question
over until, after theNholidays.
Morrell of Pennsylvania, on behalf
of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, was directed to move the
passage of the Senate resolution,
which, among other things, provides
for holding the inaugural ball in the
Pension building as heretofore, but
Underwood of Alabama and Mann of
Illinois insisted that a quorum of the
House should be present to consider
the matter. Immediately after .Mann's
objection the House adjourned until
January 4, 1905.
WICKERSHAM REAPPOINTED.
Again Made Judge of District Court
In Alaska.
WASHINGTON, . Dec. %X. — The
President sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate to-day:
. Judre of the District Court of Alaska —
James Wlckersham of Alaska, Third Division.
Assistant agent for the protection of the
salmon' fisheries of Alaska — John N. Cobb,
Pennsylvania. ■ ■
Fraternities Arc to Have a Temple.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 21.— A $20,
000 temple of fraternity will be one
of the features of the Lewis and
Clark Centennfal. The United States
fraternal congress will hold its ses
sions there in July.
Bodies Taken From Ruins.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 21. — The
bodies of John C. Kenyon. William
Lillyblade and William Emmerson
have been taken from the Crocker
Hotel ruins.
WASHINGTON, Dec 21.— Secretary Taft
and Colonel Edwards, chief of the Insular Bu
reau of the War Department, to-day prac
tically completed the work of putting the pro
posed revision of the Philippine tariff in shape
for presentation to Congress in the form of a
prepared draft of. a bill.
"PE-RU-NA S, ADMIRABLE TONIC,"
SAYS CONGRESSMAN DUNNELL
. V^pSJ^fM . LJ LJLJUUUULJULJLJLJUUULJULJLJUUlJLJ iA'o^Jr^
■, ' " ' ' ' if^^**j^»*i l »™"|^»^»»»»»»»«»»»S^»»»»»»»IS»»S»»»»»MM>»»»^M»lB»^M^^ >^^l f' '*"" ' ' ■'^7™' i*
' j— lib— ' _ ' , ■■-■■-■■-.-■- F=g l
Ij Congressman MarKH.Dunnell. jj &<- i&
%••••• •»»»»•'•» •••••• •»•»»»•«»•»• •»•»•■» » • • m » m »••«»■<
' Congressman Mark H. Dunnell, In a letter from the National Hotel. •
|| Washington, D. C, writes: ■ 4
1 "Peruna being used by myself and many of my friends and t
!!. acquaintances not only as a cure for catarrh, but also as an •
;| admirable tonic for physical recuperation, I gladly recommend it to *
» all persons requiring such remedies."— M. H. Dunnell. t
»•»»»» •»•••• ■■««•»• ««»«»• -•- >««»»««« ««»»»»» » m » » m » ■« « * ♦■
13ERUNA is an ideal remedy to pro- you that Peruna Is positively necessary
\ tect any one from the ravages of to the health of the household.
winter catarrh, which are liable to Pe-ru-n» Contains Ho Karcotics.
begin during November. .';-.< One reason why Peruna has found
It cleanses the mucous membranes of permanent use in so many homes is that
all catarrhal secretions and allays the it contains no narcotic of any kind. Pe-
fociitirxr fmm r-<->iri<« runa Is perfectly harmless. It can be
Inflammation resulting from colds use<J an y*i ength ot ttme wlth out acquir-
As a tonic to the mucous membranes lng u drag habit> p erU na does not pro-
it is unexcelled. Congressman Dunnell duce temporary results. It is permanent
recommends Peruna. Over fifty mem- in its effect.
bers of Congress indorse It. Thousands Address Dr. Hartman. President of
of other people scattered all over the The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus.
United States and Canada use no other Ohio. All correspondence held strictly
tonic. A trial will suffice to convince confldentlal.-
JiskYour Druggist for Free Peruna JHmanacforl9O5-
CARNEGIE OFFERS BIG SUM ~ NEW YORK FLORISTS
FOR SCHOOL OF MECHANICS ENGAGE IN PRICE WAR
Willing to Add Four Hundred Thou- New 3Iarket Opened Which Sells Cut
sand Dollars to Benjamin Flowers at a Great
Franklin Fund. • • Reduction.
BOSTON. Dec. 21. — At a meeting NEW YORK, Dec 2L— A price war
of the managaas of the Benjamin in cut flowers has begun with the
Franklin • fund in this city to-day a opening of a flower market In Forty-
letter was read from President Prit- fourth street near Fifth avenue. A
chett of the Massachusetts Institute combination of suburban flower grow-
of Technology containing a Proposi- era , underst ood to be managing the
cate rhrpr^nram^u^o? the^uffi market. The growers assert that the
$400,000, provided the total be de- jobbers recently have become ex-
voted to the establishment of a tremely dictatorial and have charged
school for the industrial training of prices which placed many flowers out
men and women along the line of the of the reach of persons with ordinary
Mechanics* and Tradesmen's School means.
of New York and Cooper Union. Car- It is planned to eliminate some of:
negie further stipulated that the city the jobbers or bring them to term*
of Boston supply a site for the pro- and with this idea In view a scale cr
posed institution. "~"" prices was instituted at the market
The board voted to thank Mr. Car-, running. from 20 to, 80 per cent less
negie and to give the subject early than the prevailing retail charges in
consideration. the uptown florist shops.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
34
TWO SITES FOR LIBRARY
FIND PUBLIC FAVOR.
Merits oM3otfi Are Under Discussion
One Lot Is That Recommended as "Civic
Center" by Architect Burnham.
To-morrow afternoon the Joint Com
mittee on Finance and Utilities of
the Board of Supervisors will, it is
said, finally consider the question of
the selection <>f<a site for the new Pub
lic Library. A discussion that has
arisen 3S to the merits of proposed
sites, two in particular, lends added
interest to the question, and it is prob
able that the body that must determine
between them will be overwhelmed by
the opinions of those most interested—
cpinions based in the main on civic In
terest, but some, undoubtedly, on the
motive of personal gain.
Eliminating properties that are weak
in public support but at the same time
have been seriously considered in the
j.ast as desirable sites for the library,
the forces that are seeking to bring this
Ciuestion to final decision are found ral
lied around two blocks, one body in
interest advocating the selection of
block G7 of the Western Addition,
bounded by Van N'ess avenue. Grove,
Polk and Fulton streets; the other urg
ing the purchase of Western Addition
block 73. bounded by Van Ness avenue,
Hayes. Feli and Franklin streets. Each
tide engaged In the discussion has vari
ous points to make that are worthy of
the fullest consideration, but, briefly
stated, the question seems to rest on
clashing interpretations of the ideas of
D. H. Burnham. the distinguished
Chicago architect, under whose direc
tion plans are being prepared for the
adornment of San Francisco.
The advocates of the purchase by the
city of block 67 lay the greatest stress
en the claim that in his plans to beau
tify San Francisco Architect Burn
ham, who is now in Manila, includes
this site In his proposed "Civic Center."
a district including and lying directly
west of the City Hall, from which mag
nificent buildings, dedicated to the pub
lic use, Bhall rise from the green of a
public park. But they go beyond
the claim that Architect Burnham has
decreed that the district described shall
be the "civic centef " of San Francisco.
Rnd cite specific cases of official action
they say rhould be permitted to pre
vail.
• BOARD SPECIFIED SITE.
When the Board of Supervisors called
for a vote of the people on the question
of voting bonds for a new Public Li
brary, block 67 was specifically named
as the proposed librarv site, but, to
gnard against exorbitant demands, the
board inserted the additional clause,
"or upcyi a parcel or lot of land of simi
lar size and like value and in the im
mediate neighborhood of said block or
parcel of land hereinbefore described
(block 67), and the estimated cost of the
land to be acquired is $647,000." The
insertion of the provisional clause, the
advocates of block 67 say, was for but
one purpose, to hold the owners of
block 67 down to the figure named in
the call for the bond election, and in
no way contemplated the abandonment
of the site upon any other contingency.
The advocates of block 67 further
claim that the site has been officially
appraised and has come within the sum
allowed for the purchase of the library
eite; that the fact that block 67 was
named as the proposed site in the call
fqr election gives it the weight of pub
lic sanction; that It has been virtually
approved by the architect and by the
City Engineer and that It can be ac
quired within the amount of the appro
priation without the necessity of con
demnation proceedings, which, , they
Kay, would involve delay and uncertain
expenditures.
Continuing, they gay that block 67 Is
accessible bv four lines of street rail
ways, and that If accepted by the
Board of Supervisors would not only be
within easy reach of all the people, but
would establish at once a great struc
ture from which Mr. Burnham could
extend his plans and would supplv a
definite nucleus around which the new
and beautiful city of San Francisco, as
planned by that architect, could grow.
But to all this argument those that
ftror block 73 have an answer. Favor-
Could anything be
nicer or more ac-
ceptable as an Xmas
surprise to the whole
family than a Piano?
I Yov'll have to hur-
ry if you want one at
these cut prices.
The choicest of
Kimballs and Deck-
ers and Hazeltons
and Lesters are go-
ing in THE POM-
MEft-EILERS RE-
MOVAL SALE at
prices simply un-
heard of heretofore.
This remarkable
opportunity to s e -
cure a really choice
piano at virtually
your own price will
probably never be
presented again.
Building operations involving in-
vestment of something like two mil-
lions of dollars are held up awaiting
the disposal of these pianos.
. Everything in this retail stock must
be sold no matter what ihe sacrifice.
Not necessary for you to pay all the
money now. Easy terms of payment
for the jrnerc .simple interest, will, be
extended to. any family in this- State.
If you cannot come to-day, come
lo-nijrht. Store open <day and night
::ow. Everything we sell we guar-
antee. ' '"
POMMER-EILERS, 653 Market
street, between Palace 'Hotel 'and Ex-
aminer building. ' ':'-
ing the choice of this block are the
Public Library Trustees and the Asso
ciation for the Improvement
Adornment of San Francisco, at the in
stance of which Mr. Burnham began
his plans for the adornment of the city.
They say that the' assertion that Mr.
Burnham has definitely decided upon a
proposed '"civic center" is based upon
erroneous information. They say Mr.
Burnham has considered not one but
a half-dozen proposed civic centers;
that none of his plans have gone far
ther than a tentative state of prepara
tion and that he has committed him
self to no definite plan, but is working
out a half-dozen ideas that must be
passed upon by those that will pay for
their execution before the final work of
the architect can even begin.
Block 73, they further point out,
faces on the proposed extension' of the
panhandle — a proposed Improvement
once • submitted to the people and
ratified by them by a two-thirds
maiority, but which subsequently
failed of execution through a legal
hiatus that occurred between the
dethroning of the old consolida
tion' act and the crowning of the
new charter. The extension of the
panhandle, they say, is bound to come
in time and point to the fact that in
his report Architect Burnham him
self said that no better highway to
Golden Gate Park could be devised
than to extend the panhandle, and
such proposed, extension would be in
cluded in his general plans.
PROJECTS ARE DISCUSSED.
The probability of the extension of
the panhandle and the question of the
establishment of a proposed "Civic
Center" were both fully discussed by
the library trustees and the Adorn
ment Association before they agreed
to recommend the selection of block
73. the advocates of that site say.
With a rough draft of the proposed
"Civic Center," including block 67, be
fore them they turned to block 73,
holding that as this parcel of land is
only one. block from Market . street
the erection of the library upon it
would furnish a magnificent monu
ment to grace the panhandle entrance
If the extension plan is carried
through. It would also eradicate, they
say, a number of shops that are any
thing but ornamental and If permitted
to stand would greatly detract from the
beauty of the splendid entrance to
Golden Gate Park that is contemplated.
It Is further asserted by the advo
cates of block 73 that block 67 was
never appraised; that it was an ad-
Joining piece of property that was
appraised and the figures subsequently
accepted by the owners of block '67.
The- further say that block 73 can be
purchased well within the appropria
tion and that the claim that block 67
can be purchased within the appro
priation without the expense of con
demnation proceedings is one not to
be considered, because the city would
insist upon such condemnation pro
ceedings for its own protection and to
definitely establish the value of the
site by means of expert testimony.
INTANGIBLE CONDITIONS.
• As a further argument in support of
their advocacy of the purchase of
block 73 they say that as both the pro
posed "Civic Center" and the extension
of the panhandle are at the present
time intangible conditions" on which
to base an argument, the balance
should be in favor of block 73, because
even if both of the^e" projects fall
through, the placing of the library on
block 73 will insure it a conspicuous
position, while, on the other hand,
block 67 would relegate the library to a
position, unless the proposed "Civic
Center" materialized, as inconspicuous
as that occupied by the new postoffice,
which they describe as a "buried monu
ment."
It would be easier for Mr. Burnham
to shift his proposed "Civic Center,"
they say in conclusion, than it would
be to move the new library to a con
spicuous site In event the people re
fuse to gee the need of a "Civic Cen
ter" and reject all plans that make
block 67 the key of^a scheme that now
seems so picturesque — when the people
are not being asked to pay for the en
joyment of their contemplation. ,
However the question rests with 'the
Supervisors. Th,ey will determine the
merits of these arguments to-morrow.
IjABOR UNIONS BUSY ■
, EliECTIXG OFFICERS
Journeymen Barbers and Other Or
ganizations Add to Their Roll of
Presiding Dignitaries.
The various labor unions who
change their presiding officers seml
annually are now engaged in the
work of conducting their elections.
The following unions have placed in
office the list attached:
Journeymen Barber*' Union No. 148—Presi
dent, J. I.. Franklin; vice president, Fred
Smith; treasurer." George Comnlnos; recording
secretary. R. F. Dumont; financial secretary.
Joseph R. Blelly; business agent, A. Gorflnkel;
finance committee — R. E." Llndsey, H. S. , Car
penter and L.; F. Rock; trustees — N. Stetn.
Max Anthony and John J. Callsh; guide,
Daniel McGllvray; sergeant at. arms. Lewis
Regan; delegates to Labor Council — H. A.
Wolfe. Q. I*. Franklin, J. J. Callsh D, T»t
tenham. A. Gorflnkel, Samuel From'holt?- and
E. Wallace. . f
. Steam ' Laundry "Workers' ' .Union No: 26 —
President, Daniel Gorman; vice president, Mrs.
I>. C. : Waldeji: business agent. Harry Clunle;
secretary. . Miss Carrla . Farmer; treasurer,
Robert Eiring; sergeant-jtt-arms. . A. Robert
son and John Robertson: trustees — Fred Bolts,
Charles . Chflda and .Joseph .Hlgglns; finance
committee — E. W. Hughes, Charles Scully and
Edward 'Moss; executive-, committee — Edward
Mom. Harry Korts. Edward Flatley, William
SulberK, Mis* Annie Mullen, Charles Llaiger,
Patrick Lee. Philip 1 Shaefer, Joseph Ledger,
and P. • Miller: delegates to Labor Council —
Mies Annie Mullen,' Mrs. L. C. Walden, Mies
Carrie Farmer, Miss Maggie Nanhern, Edward
Howell. ' Harry Clunie, Daniel <Jorman, Fred
erick .Graham, L. A. Greenlaw, Kobert-Ewintj
"and Maurice Ryan; delegates to District Coun
cil ot Laundry .Workers — Mrs. d. C Walden.
Mies. Carrie Partner, Miss Annie Mullen,
George Macklln, William Pefley, Welter Far
rell. John Ward. John Stewart and C. 6.
Scully; delegates to the Sacramento convention
of Etate Federation of Labor — Miss Carrie Par
mer, L. A--. Greenlaw and John Campbell
She«t Metal Workers* Unicn No. 279 — Presi
dent. Joseph Dennis; vie* president, James J.
Kelly; recording secretary, D. Cavanaugh; cor
responding secretary, J. D. Leary; financial
secretary. George McGrath; treasurer, George
Engler; conductor, H. Castle; warden.' James
Doyle: trustees — Joseph Murray, T. Fltzslm
roona and A. J. Green; delegates to the Build
ing Trades Council— William Comerford J.
Reynolds and T. J. Carroll.
PASS12S AWAY SUDDENLY.
Clark W. McAfee, a prominent real
estate dealer of this city, passed away
suddenly yesterday morning a"{ his
home, 2S21 California street. ApoRlexy
was the cause of his death. He-was
lit Jils office on Tuesday,' as well as
ever to all appearances.'
At 8 o'clock yesterday morning he
complained of -being*. ill and Drl Berger
was immediately summoned: The'pa
tient; sank very fast and ' died two
hours after he wrfs first' taken 'ill. ■• J
McAfee was '.well- known v in real
estate and business" circles -here and
was very popular with a. largre circle
of friends'. • He leaves a wife and two
sons, Lloyd T. and Harry C. McAfee. 1
THE FRANCISCO CALL, .THURSDAY. DECEMBER 22, 1904
LAWYERS HONOR
JUDGE PARKER
They Formally Welcome
Him to Ear of New York
at Well-Attended Banquet
VOICES. HIS PLEASURE
Ex-Secretary Root Pays a
High Tribute to Recent
Candidate for President
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Alton B. Par
ker, former Chief Justice of the Court
of Appeals of New York and Demo
cratic, candidate for the Presidency in
the last;- campaign, was (he • guest of
honor to-night at a dinner at the Wal
dorf-Astoria. The dinner was given
by. the bench and bar of the city of
New YorK and Republicans and Demo
crats alike were present to honor the
Justice's return to the practice of law.
Among the 450 who attended were
many of the most prominent members
of the legal profession in this city.
Former Justice D. Cady Herrick was
also a. guest.
Justice Morgan J. O'Brien of -the
anpellate division of the Supreme
Court was the presiding officer. The
speakers included former Governor
Frank S. Black, former Secretary of
War Elihu Root, William B. Horn
blower and Judge Parker.
Judge Parker was the center of a
group of well-wishers during the
greater part of the evening. • Before the
speaking began Francis B' Harrison,
the defeated candidate for Lieutenant
Governor, and M. Linn Bruce, the suc
cessful candidate.'approached arm and
aim to greet him. They had not met
before to-night. Judge Parker had
never met Bruce and they chatted
pleasantly together.
. When the Judge rose to speak the
diners arose, waved handkerchiefs and
cheered. . Judge Parker expressed his
gratitude to his hosts for the cordial
welcome extended to him in becoming
a member of the bar in this city.
The notable absence of Jealousy and
the readiness of Its members to recog
nize and applaud the worthy perform
ances of each .other were conditions,
he said, that, have always made the
practice of the profession of the law
in the city of New York exceedingly
attractive and many have come here
from other places, not only in antlcipa
ticn of the substantial rewards they
might meet with and in -the hope of
a wider sphere of active usefulness,
but also to be assoclated*wlth the tra
ditions of the bar here and with the
ambition to be enrolled In the ranks
of its members.
Elihu Root said In part:
"Upon the observation And experi
ence of a practice which must .seem
long to any but my leader, Mr. Par
sons, and out of a full heart and friend
ship and -warm regard for the guest
we honor, it is a pleasure to add my
voice to the expressions of esteem we
give him here. I can say that no in
terests when committed to Judge
Parker's hands have not had Just and
upright consideration. We welcome
him to our bar; we are proud of him
and proud of our bar."
SAITjORS ENTERTAINED
AT SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE
Songs and Athletic Exhibitions, Are
Some Features of an Enjoyable
' ' 'Programme. - . .
The members of the Seamen's Insti
tute, 33 Steuart street, ■ were enter
tained last evening by St Mark's Boys'
Club of Berkeley, who, under the di
rection of Professor William Smith,
gave some remarkably clever and
agile performances and exhibitions on
the horizontal bar, went through pyr
amidal groupings, Indian club exer
cises and ever so many other acts,
which .were applauded, again and
again. The bright little chaps had ri
vals in two pretty, misses, who also
did wonders on the bars.
There was singing, too, and the sail
or boys gave, the breezy "chanty," in
which all the brawny seamen and the
visitors joined in hearty fashion:
The room in which the entertain
ment was given was crowded and In
the assemblage ( <were many represent
ative men and women of San Fran
cisco and the surrounding cities. Re
freshments were served and the audi
ence, before uartlng, sang "Auld
Lang Syne." The Rev. Winfleld Dig
by,, chaplain of the institute, looked
after the comfort of the sailors and
their guests.
There is to be a tea /and social at
the Institute on Saturday evening.
TIVOM HAS SOMETHING
IX STORE FOR ' JUVENILES
During Each Performance Next Week
Has Planned a Novel Scheme of
Entertaining Youngsters. *
A. Christmas, surprise is in store /for
juvenile friends of the Tlvoli Opera
house next week. Beginning Saturday
evening King Podo will hold a royal
carnival." A beautiful series of trans
formation pictures has been arranged,
illustrating " "A Child's Dream of
Christmas," at the end of which a real
Santa: Clatis and a huge Christmas tree
laden, with every- manner of sparkling
ornamentation Mill burst Into • vie>v.
The.*'Christmas transformation scenes
willbe repeated at all performances of
"King Dodo" during the holiday week. 1
Sherman. , Clay & Co. are offering a good
mandolin for. $2 60. They should be seen to
day. . • ,
Note Is Worthless.
The Supreme Court says Samuel C.
Meyer waited too long to begin his suit
for 'JSBO against J. J. Gottlob and the
theater man consequently cannot be
compelled to redeem a note he , in
dorsed for Ned Foster, several 'years
ago. Foster gave the note to S. H.
Collins, who passed . it on to M. H.
Wascerwitz for collection. The suit
was Instituted by Meyer, the next pos
sessor of the now worthless paper. ..
Change - that sallow, pimply face to a
clear, clean one by using Lash's Bitters.*
FREE • FREEi
PLUM PUDDINGS
MINCE MEAT.
••■•■"■ . . WITH ;■ .:.:'.
SUNDAY CALL . >.
SMALL ADS.
v ARMOUR :\.' : ""-..:
PACKING COMPANY'S v
V FAMOUS^ BRANDS.'-:-
Free ' With Every Small \ Ad in
l!!!!!!! Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
v ; *v ".. ]ii Particulars. . T.
£M. M Domi't Worry If '■-■ _^^5
ipi 3' Albouilt * * §L' IL^gj^tsr" j
8 tlie Money B yEjZSlk -lilfe?
/^^ i^^vl^^ fl> 'A -Dollar or Two %\ Wk^0"^ <B^""
<&v'if ' ' . v'- \ 1*^ T^piM^Qit Will T^rt 1§3 h '*"' ■■•*■■■'■ -*j ■
J0- • X( '£25P*M| Jj ' Balance in 1905. jb . W^^m^^.
' . "witti lciidcdl top 3tidi mirror oack *$j^J\J * j^*»/3up«Tni$on6^i'^-'^-' ■„ ■ \
No. 1. Weathered Oak Settee $12.50. n o . 6. Davenports from $22.50 up., This No. 8. Library. Tables from $5.up.ThU M .
Big leather seated weathered oak juq one, mahogany finished and cov- e Kf * . : one a beauty in richly,^ grained eQ7 No. 9. Morris Oiairs. A Une or them
chairs as low as .... $» e red in Gobelin tapestries,. .. .:^pU quartered oak. Special. ...'■, '.'.,' $27 a block long. All kinds, all ! woods.
No. 2. Double Door Bookcase, quar- * . . _ *..■'/. .V . ..:■...: ■ .. \ ' I P"ce« low. and deposits within the
teredoak, leaded throughout. co tftXmU!a»^L^ reach of everybody. This „
$36. Others from ... $9 Up . HrTSg*gWr<M|-gg"HE& WM ' - gg§|£ al^WBSr"" 11 I m^iS**^ ' ' \" V wl' . *
No. 3. Dressers at almost all prices. Bimm BL^ vttrtf^ W^''^' 1 vlll iB'^' »-r I *?"? CR Q^
This one in golden oak C1O ,- n W& W&M 1 Mahogany finished 5>t>.^O
tt> 1 2, • O U B&^&^ wBzV%'Vfll\ u ta » \V \\ 1 V \\ \ «1 k via W wfl 1 Scores of designs to choose from
No." 4. "Large Turkish Easy Chair. No. 1 1 . Couches from 54.35 to $C5.
Covered in genuine hath- c Q , - n f-ffP&-gfe>5fc#$™ Thls . Im F en^.. couch . ln CQ 7 r
er or French tapestries... $31.50 WW£fi£M a *£x*^l^^ carved oak and !ioc s - crm S s °' * °
YOUNG GOULD
MOST EXPLAIN
Police Commissioner McAdoo
Says He Has No Right to
Carry Gun Without Permit
>/•- » ...-,.- .- .-;.- - -V ■ • .- :
NEW YORK, Dec. 21,— Action is to
be taken Jfy " the . Columbiff'^Unlverslty
authorities Mn the , Cas'e »of ■Kingdon
Gould, the freshman student, who yes
terday thwarted the purpose of five
sophomores who sought to kidnap him,
by shooting a revolver over their heads.
An investigation will be made at once
with a view to suspending the hazers
of the young freshman. President But
ler, it was announced, had written, to
Professor Frederick R. Hutton, dean
of the school of applied science, asking
him to Institute a thorough investiga
tion of the affair and inclosing a list
of the names of the men President But
ler had thought had been most promi
nently identified with it. Dean- Hut
ton has requested these sophomores to
meet him at his office to-morrow.
Police Captain Nally was ordered to
day to investigate the shooting by
Kingdon Gould yesterday. Police Com
missioner McAdoo said: "I must take
cognizance of this case. Toung Gould
has no more right to carry a pistol
without a permit than any one else."
indignation at the action of Kingdon
Gould and the desire to secure a large
contingent of freshmen for the sopho
more dinner to-night Was the cause of
a remarkable display of Inter-class ani
mosity at Columbia University to-day.
More than 300 freshmen and sopho
mores engaged In a fierce struggle
about the subway station at Broadway
and One Hundred and Sixteenth streetl
Young Gould himself did not appear
at college to-day, but the sophomores
were determined to take revenge for his
action yesterday. A number of fresh
men, attempting to spirit away Presi
dent Holbert of the flrst-year class in
the sciences, were intercepted by the
waiting sophomores at the One Hun
dred and Sixteenth-street subway sta
tion, and the fight rapidly centered
about there. Surface' traffic was stopped
for more than an hour and the subway
station was wrecked, its glass doors be
ing demolished. Holbert finally escaped
from the crowd and boarded a down
town subway train, but the fight con
tinued, fiercely.
The Original Little Louisiana Com
'. ' pany of ; San Francisco. '
Established January 18S7. ■
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC
;• Owing to the fact that * numerous ■ schemes
are.' placed before • the public from . time to
time, we would respectfully call the > attention
of purchasers' of tickets, to buy -only from ra
sponslble agents and- to see, that their tickets
road as follows: v ■ . -
THE ORIGINAL. LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO. ESTABLISHED
JANUARY, Ib87.'. . . '•■.... •. ... : • :: -
..' Each coupon has the initials "M. & F." on
the face and back of the ticket.
, .The following are the capital prizes -as de
cided by THE HONDURAS NATIONAL COM
PANY. .December . 17,' 1004: S No. .73292 wins
$7G0« 00. sold In San Francisco, Cal.; No. 902U
wins $2000 00, sold In San Francisco, Cal. ;
No.' 53047 wins $1000 00. sold In San Francisco,
Cal. ; No. S01S5 wins $500 00, sold in San Fran
cisco, Cal. : Nos. 50497 and 96773 each win
$250 CO. cold In San Francisco. Cal.
. The following capital prizes were paid) by
the above M. & F. Co. for November 12, 1904:
W. H. Whalan, plumber. 317 Minna street, San
Francisco, Cal., one-half of . first capital prize,
$7500 00; W. Schaefer, painter, 131 Polk street,
San l'rancisoo, Cal.. one-half of first capital
prize. $7500 00; E. O. De Pledge, 666 Eleventh
street, Oakland, Cal., one-half of second capi
tal prize, $2000 00; A. J. Campbell (heating
and vcntilatlnE). 813 Twentieth street, Oak
land,' Cal., . one-half of second capital prize,
$2000 00. • •
Another Highwayman Caught.
Nateo Zatasso /was arrested early
this morning by Detectives McGrayan
and ' Davis. *. Zatasso ' is, wanted -in
Amador County for highway robbery.
He.' is.; accused of , having assaulted" a
man, 1 robbing him of $180; He. Is said
to . have. rohbed fa. store .in,*, Oakland.
Antone .Tojome, a ) companion of Zat
asso, was also taken ; into custody. The
police have ■ no * evidence, against him,
but they believe he is | connected with
several - recent robberies. '. In his •; pos
session was , r~"">^ , a i loaded revolver.
•The ''friends 'of a selfish man are gen
erally'put. tor good", use;. :■.,"-*,..'.,■ •
DARING GIBE
AT THE KING
Sir Wilfrid Lawson in His
Terses Takes * a Fling at
Edward and, the : Beerage
jg LONDON, Dec;-ar^Sir WUfrld'.Iiiw-
8op, the apostle- 'of..^temperance.and: |Qa
cial reform, in conjunctionTwlth F/Caf
ruthers Gould, the caricaturist, has : just
Issued a volume of illustrated verses
entitled "Cartoonsin Rhyme and Line."
It is dedicated "To the best of wives
from the worst of poets." So far as
the poetry Is concerned, It suffices to
say that Sir Wilfrid lives up to the
reputation which he gives himself.
But he does certainly put gall and
wormwood into his doggerel. And he
does not care a blt'whom he stings. Of
that the best example is this quatrain
headed, "From Lord Burton to the
King."
"Twas beer, your Majesty, strong beer,
Which, as you know, made me a peer;
If you will only learn to brew.
God knows what it will make of you!
The point of this reference lies in the
fact that when the King visited Lord
Burton recently he. turned a switch
that.set in motion the machinery which
brewed a lot of ale. The lines are as
daring a reference to the King as any
thing ever seen in print In England.
Sir Wilfrid inherited a baronetcy, and.
well content with his seat in Parlia
ment, has no desire to be elevated to
the House of Lords. Peerages have
been conferred on several rich brew
ers, but there is no instance on record
where any man attained to that lofty
honor by the advocacy of teetotalism. \
CURRENT FICTION IJIPROVING.
Richard Whiteing, of "No. 5 John
Street"! fame, has confided to an in
terviewer some Interesting opinions on
current fiction. ♦
"This is not an Augustan age of li
terature," he- says, "but in all our art
there is a far higher standard of me
diocrity than there ever has been in the
past. Our mediocre novel is better than
the old mediocre novel. Our time shows
a marked excellence in averages. The
sheer, force- of .competition has com
pelled novelists to make a serious study
of technique, and there are many
moderns who show a mastery of it
never attained by writers of the past.
I mean-more especially, that direct
study'of nature and character resulting
in the perfect conversation which you
find in our best novels. For down
right excellence of character-drawing,
for forcible likeness to nature, .: you
would find it hard to beat three or, four
modern novelists whom in certain other
respects ,1** cannot always admire.
■ "Of course, we are plagued with
titled heroes and social, snobbery and
irritating conventionalities, which
there is no getting rid of* The real
istic has succeeded the romantic age.
We have I been, brought clctaer to na
ture. Dickens* himself was not so
close to nature a"s Pett Ridge, for
example. This serious study of tech
nique — we have , learned a good deal
from the French — means that the
average novelist is a better novelist;
he is more workmanlike; he Is better
all-rcund than' he used to be.
But I think that . there Is one
defect In our fiction— It . wants big
themes, it wants great subjects, It
wants lifting into a finer atmosphere."
With books excelling as never be
fore In "perfect conversations" It
would seem ' strange at; .first
thought to account ' for the decadence
of conversation, which > many declare
to be among the lost arts. But, on
second thought, perhaps, that Is the
very thing which most accounts for it.
Books contain such excellent conver
sation that we . no longer go to our
friends for it. And authors themselves
reeerVe their .witty observations and
biting epigrams. for their books.- They
don't give their, best away for nothing.
CARMEN SYIjVA'S BURDEN.
: Carmen* Sylva has found : that one of
the ; penalties of successful authorship
Is top heavy to pay, providing I the au
thor happens also to be a. Queen, with
a lot of state duties to look after. So
she has sent', out a 'circular " asking
young . authors . to stop sending their
ADVERTISEMENTS.
manuscripts; to her ior criticism.
: "Her ■ Majiesty, 1 .' says . »the : circular,
"though working from; fr o'clock in the
morning ..until an advanced, hour of the
night, rcannot. -discharge /all, -.the. tasks
that ■devptye' upon' her," in her capacity
as sovereign, as philanthropis't and as
a woman of letters." ■ . '.'
Carlyle's -books are' far "less ' widely
read than they were twenty.. years ago,
but .Interest • in j the \ man "himself and
the things he said continues unabated. >
Sorrte delightful glimpses of him are \
contained.fn a volume of "Retrospects"
by Professor- William Knight, which
has juistVbe.en published.'- -What, for in
stance,. could 'be more characteristic of
tho most -Intolerant of sages than this:
r^He/was imce.'speakingr about Darwin
jn-the broad, Scottish -dialect. Into which
>he often relapsed Jw-hen conversing with
a Scotsman-. , .-He' said: ". 'I ithtnjc that
thejr'rfectGnteeflc men must'expeqt God
Almighty ' to come^to them some fine
mornin' and gle..them a patent to
make a warld, they seem so curious
to know how this one was made.'
"I humbly ventured to say that I
thought him unjust to Darwin and was
trying to explain what I considered
the chief point in Darwin's magnifi
cent theory. He at once interposed:
'Malster Darwin Is no better than John
Mull (Mill) or Maister Herbert Spen
cer; they're" a' magneeflcent asses!" "
When told that family worship was
less common In his native country than
It used to be, Carlyle remarked:
"So much the worse for Scotland."
He lapsed into a long praise of Cal
vinism and when Professor Knight
ventured to suggest that there might
be another side to the question he said
sterr.ly:
"There is no other. It's Calvinism
that makes heroes. It made Oliver,
and there nev»- *•• a greater hero
than Oliver." . -
SNEERS AT GLADSTONE.
It is well known that he entertained
a poor opinion of both Disraeli and
Gladstone, as well as of most contem
porary politicians, though it has been
observed that he never spoke disre
spectfully of the former after he had
offered him a title. Professor' Kniaht
quotes him as saying: ;
• "I don't know that Dizzy has got a
conscience. Gladdy has a conscience,
but he Just turns it any way he has
a stomacn* to, , and immediately thinks
It a call from God!"
What an infinite pity It is that Car
lyle never had a Boswell! As'contain
ing an answer to Carlyle's sneer
against him these observations made
by Gladstone to the author are worth
quoting:
"People talk of a change' In opinion
as if it were a disgrace. To me' it is a
sign of life. If you are alive you must
change: It is only the dead who re
main/the "same, and of all charges
brought against a man or party, that of
inconsistency because of changed opin
ion, leading to a change of front, is the
most inept. As trumped up against a
political opponent, It Is usually a mere
party trick. I have changed my point
of view on a score of subjects and my
convictions as to very many of them."
JURY DISAGREES.— The jury In the Gun
ther ca»« found It impossible to come, to- an
agreement and late last evening they were dis
charged. Seven stood for acauittafe and five
for conviction. .;', .
When a husband and wife are both of
Oxen and sheep fatten better in com:
pany .than when left alone.
A "MAW-SAVER" tb«l grow In popularity.
CSOING-l . &Qlt4G»!! <y ONE III
turiciOE wm sm~7i. .■■ J hh»icik w:u un n.» . . . wo un*? ofwiiflctos.
HI? KJTTPr*^ A r*"l TAB THAN «<>»•*• »»o!i c* his own ntgUct. Som«on«*t
XL rSJJ,tti>i J\ \j\Ji\VMU\n ton* shoal* lock alter Wm. At first sight ot
The business mtn who Is too busy to look after aandmflf— which U a conurfous dlixn Mr>
his health and personal contort ne«dt a guareUn. bro'a HcrpkM* should b* used. It cuies AtnJ-
-. To notice tfandrufl and falling hair Is beneath rufl and stops tailing hair by destroying trie
Ms Idea of business - j Luter when. Incurable bald- dandruff germ. A dellrhtful hair dressing
ness conies he will waste money trying to ov«i- STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY
Orof Stores. $1.00. Usi 10c sUnps. to HERflCiOE CO, Oe?t B. Dttrttt, Wx,K fer" t uapH.
Nev^bivcvs Herpicide
I * ' Tha ORIOINAL rtmedy thatt "kBla the Dandruff Oam.**
' APPLICATIONS AT PKOMIKUm? BA^TTB SHOPS.
MINNESOTA SETTLERS
HARASSED BY INDIANS
Found Necessary to Form a VisUance
Committee to Check the
Outrages.
DULUTH, Minn., Dt*c. 21.— Incensed
over the large number of murders an I
rcbberles that have been committed
lately by Indians In the northern part
of Itasca County, near the Interna
ticnal boundary, the settlers • and
homesteaders, . according to - .Enoch
Lelghton, a settler, who was here to
■day, .have formed - them*eXvear- into-- a
vigilance . committee for- the purpose
of avenging the deaths of some of
their comrades-
The latest tragedy In the northern
country T has. come to-.itgfct i'
that of a settler, Thomas MeKinsle;.-.
aged 80, who* while alone . in hla cabin
at Pelland was attacked by two In
dians. In order to protect himself the
old man fired, killing one .Indian. The
other fled across the line and informed
his fellow braves, with the result that
McKInsley's life Is now menaced. He
has applied to the authorities for pro
tection.
Dan Cameron, a fur trader, t*as shot
to death several days ago near M,me
Center and Waki Tahorse, a Dominion
reservation Indian, Is now held at
Fort Francis, charged -with the crime.
GOVERNOR VAX SANT
OUT FOR THE SENATE
Speech of the Sllnnesotan on Freight
Rates Taken to Indicate His
Candidacy.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 21. — Governor Van
Sant to-night addressed a large audi
ence at Hastings, Minn., on "Freight
Rates" and his speech la regarded here
as his entry into the Senatorial con
test for the seat In the United . States
Senate now occupied by Senator Clapp.
The Governor said:
"A freight rate is a tax on er«rythinic
which enters into the life and com
merce of the country. Unreasonable
rates are charged and discrimination!*
are common. These evils exist and
should be remedied. To admit that we
are helpless Is to declare that constitu
tional government is a failure. I am
ready to Join hands with 'liny man. or
any body of men. to carry on the con
test. Before joining battle, you. would
better take time for reflection. Do you
know the power of corporate wealth?
Do you fully realize the vast influence
it wields? Do you know how merci
lessly It punishes those who stand In
Its way and oppose its will?- I do. And
I enter into this fight wltn th» full
knowledge of j these facts."
Fewer Students at HarvartL
CAMBRIDGE. Mass.. Dee. 21.— The
Harvard University catalogue for 1304
05. Issued to-day, shows Harvard's reg
istration this year, exclusive of the
summer school and Radcllffe College, tr>
be 4136, as compared with 4328 last year,
or a loss of 192. The figures including
Radcllffe and the summer school make
the loss for Harvard even greater. Th'.3
year the total. Including these two de
partments, la 5530, against «040 last
year," making the loss 490. ;
Truth isn't stranger than the twen
tieth century brand of fiction.
■jrcrjff.- AfiV^^?isEarEyT8^-LUNDONERS LOST
IN BLACK FOG
Street Traffic Almost Com
pletely Stopped and a Num
ber of Accidents Occurred
WEIED NIGHT SCENE
Torch Boys Do a Rushing
Trade in Piloting Pe
destrians About the City
LONDON. Dec. 2L— London was en
veloped to-day in a black tog, more
dense than any witnessed during the
last two years. In many places the
traffic was almost completely stopped
and the greatest care was necessary to
avoid accidents, a number of which
were reported.
As night closed and the density in
creased vehicle traffic in the most
crowded sections of the center of Lon
don was completely stopped. Singular
ly, the fog was not so thick in the East
End as in the West End, but within a
circle of a mile, with Trafalgar Square
as the center. It was so opaque that
foot passengers lost their way.
Some of the scenes witnessed were
pitiful, some were ridiculous and the
whcie Tras extremely weird. The most
brilliant electric light only served to
make the darkness visible. Torch boys
were requisitioned and they did a rush
ing trade. The railroad trains were all
delayed.
YOUNG KING OP SPAIN
Ui QUEST OF A BRIDE
Alfonso to Visit Paris, Berlin and
Ixmdon to Select His
Queen.
MADRID. Dec 21. — King Alfonso
will visit Paris. Berlin and London in
February, accompanied by his Min
isters of "War and Foreign Affaire. The
Government has decided to modify the
Spanish law so as to admit of the
conferring of a field marshalshlp in
the Spanish army on the German Em
peror.
It is said that during his Journey the
Ring will be betrothed either to an
English or a German Princess. His
Majesty's advisers are planning that
the next Queen of Spain shall be a
woman of the greatest possible power,
who will promote the regenerative am
bitions of the country.
A special efclpnmt of Emerson uprtgM piaao*
in aoiBe of the new cases have just been re
ceived at Sbermaji. CUjr A Co.'«. •
EIGHT CARDIXALS 3IAY BE
CREATED IX FEBRUARY
ROME, Dec 21. — It is highly prob
able that the Pope will hold a con
sistory in February for the nomination
of Cardinals. Pius X is disposed to
c^iay the creation of new Cardinals,
but Cardinal Merry del Val, the papal
Secretary of State, insists that it Is
necessary to give the Sacred College
mere poxver by increasing the propor
tion of foreign Cardinals. There are
eight Cardinal vacancies.
APV ERTI SF3IEXTS
! CHILDREN'S
HOSPITAL
Days
December22, 23 and24
Donations of money
and supplies thankfully
received at. : : : :
H4 POST ST.
W. St J. SLOAJVc a CO.'S.
Nice
Gifts -& <&
I Shopping Bacfc I
r The Bag pictured &bor« 1* a well ft
■ rr a <-;<■■. good looking leather bag and N
B contain* pocket and purse. My m
B WKIlJj THEY LAST— i : m "offer- H
M Ivk a. number of talgb-claec bags of: I
M <iifl ' e '^nt *h«pe» and colcra rome I
* K or * in * II >' w orth as hlrt aa 81 JSO, I
H tor Sl>c and 25c I
v Beautiful line of other bags in' ■
g all ttjlirh chapes and leathers, E
g from fl.OO up to $10.00 I
K THAT MAW PITTS. B
f- F. TT. PrTTS. Tfc» Stationer H
■ JCCS MARKET ST.. opp. Fifth. EL T. M
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
FIRE DEPARTMENT HEROES ARE PRESENTED
WITH MEDALS IN CITY HALL ROTUNDA.
Scannell Tokens Given Brave Men by Mayor
(HEROES OF THE MUNICIPAL FIRE DEPARTMENT WHOM MAYOR SCHMITZ YESTERDAY DECORATED WITH THE I
eCAXNELL MEDAL IN RECOGNITION OF THElR BRAVERY IN RISKING THEIR LIVES TO SAVE THE LIVES OF
OTHERS. THE BOY.'S RESCUER ALSO RECEIVED ADDITIONAL GIFTS. . UVh!i °* j
Two heroes of the local Fire De
partment who won- distinction during
the last year in battle to save human
lives from the flames were decorated
yesterday with the Scannell medal as
a reward for their bravery. August
Engelke and Claude Brownell were
the men thus honored, and, though
each was equally heroic, the fact that
Engelke risked his own life to save
a little child aroused greater sentiment
in his favor and In addition to the
Scannell medal he was presented with
a gold badge by the California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren and a gold watch by Colonel A.
Andrews, proprietor of the Diamond
Palace.
The presentation ceremony took
place in the grand rotunda of the City
Hall, In which a handsomely decorated
platform had been erected. Mayor
Schmitz presided and the families and
friends of the firemen and those that
had been saved from death through
their bravery crowded the floors that
reach far up Into the deme to applaud
his eloquent tribute to the men that
hud been summoned to accept reward
for the faithful performance of their
duty.
Prior to the delivery of the address
by the Mayor a quartet, composed of
Michael and Fred Scanlan, James E.
Donahue and Robert Davis, sang a
song dedicated to the Fire Department
heroes, especially to those whose con
spicuous acts of bravery had won them
public recognition. \ The song con
cluded. Mayor Schmitz rose and said:
WISHES OP SCANXELL
We have gathered trere to-<Jay to carry out
the wishes of our latt respected Chief Scannell
of the Fire Department, who. In his will, de
vised *20f.0 for the tmrchas? of a medal each
J'e*»", to be conferred «r*onth* member of the
department, occluding the Chief Engineer, that
shall be considered tb» most meritorious In
the Derfcrmar.1-- of his duty, including gal
lantry and BervJees In «avln* human life. And
hereafter when we gather here it will be to
still frrther honor these brave nv?n, for I am
Jn ret-elpt of e. letter In which the news Is
contained that Raphael Welll, a public spirited
citizen of this city, -has placed a check for
12000 In the hands of th« Fire Department with
Instructions that it shall- be Invested, as Is
the bequest of. the late Chief Scannc!l. and
that from the income a' medal, to be known
a» the "Halllvan medial," after our present
efficient chief, shall be purchased each year
for presentation to some hero of the force of
fire flshters. , .
I hav* often thought of what it is that makes
the Fire Department of San Francisco superior
to that of. any other dly on the globe, but I
think you will aeree with .me when I say
that It Is because tt is made up of men of
courage and ability and because Us chieftain.
Mr. Sulllran. not only holds the respect and
love cf his men. but because. In addition, ho
holds the respect and love and has. the sup
port cf every cltlien oj San Francisco. Ht
never orders his men to precede him Into
places of damrer; he always tells them. to fol
low li!m and he will show them the way.
And lil« courageous spirit inspires every man
of the deDartmest and such men cannot fall
to distinguish the branch of municipal service
they represent.
But I now -want to call upon Claude Brown
ell.-driver of engine company -17, to step for
ward that I may present to him the Scannell
med&l, which always stands for bravery, but
before placing It In his hands I want to tell
you of hi* act that has won for him this dis
tinction. •-
Brownell drove with his engine up to the
fir* which wit In the Unwood Hotel at IS,
Mason street, and quickly discovered a man
clinging to the window ledre of a fifth story
window cei the side of the building. To Jump
would have been certain death and It was
Impossible for him to co back Into the room
o& account of fire there. The window beinar
situated en the side of the building be could
not be reached b>- a fire escape and the carry-
Ing of a. ladder to . the roof of . the adjoining
low building and thence to th« window would
have taken considerable valuable time to exe
cute. . -v^suupsisfs
Brownell on the Instant siced up the situa-
THE .SAN FRANCISCO ;CALL, THURSDAY^ DECEMBER 22, 1904.
tion. He secured a life line from his engine,
made his way ur> to the roof of the burning
building by means of the fire escape in front.
and crossinr over a tin roof, which had no
support but the tin Itself, the wooden frame
having been burned, away, he made, his way
to the fire wall and threw one end of his life
line to the man on the window ledge, who
was new almost enveloped in flames, and with
the aid of four oth?r firemen who had come to
his assistance In the meantime, drew the man
from his dangerous position on the window
ledge to a :>lace of safety.
MEDAL STANDS FOR BRAVERY.
"And," said the Mayor in conclusion,
turning to Brownell, "I take great
pleasure in presenting this badge to
you, because it always stands for brav
ery and you have bravely won it."
"I have only done my duty." said
Brownell, "but I wish to thank you
and all for the honor you have con
ferred upon me, and assure you that I
will endeavor to continue to do my
duty as I find It and bend every ef
fort to uphold the good name of the
department."'
Brownell was heartily cheered when
he took his seat.
"And now I want to tell you the
story of the heroism of August En
gelke." said Mayor Schmitz, "and I
know it is a story you all will ap
plaud." Continuing, the Mayor said:
At fc:40 o'clock a. m.. Jun* 11. 1001. August
Engelke responded with hl« company, to an
alanr of fire. The fire was in a four-story
frame bulMinr at 29 Vandewater street. Upon
arriving at the scc-ne of the fire Kngelk* was
Inform<.-d that there was a small child locked
In one of the rooms on the third floor of tho
budding, it belnj the practice of Us parents
to lock It In raid room during th« daytime
■while absent at their dally vocations. ■
Engejke ru*hed through the burning hall
way and reached- the door of the room in
which the child was. Finding the door locked
end unable to rain an entrance therefrom, he
broke dcr.-n the door of the adjoining room
and climbed out on the window ledge. He
crawled .-long the narrow ledge and, swung
himself to Uie Ifdge of ths window of the
room In which the child was and, entering
the room, rescued the ch!!d. Engelke's face
and hands were badly scorched and burned In
passing through the burning hallway. The
nara? of the child was Laurie llassa, a boy
about thrre and a half years old.
Turning to Engelke -the Mayor said
that as an example of ready and quick
wit and sterling courage Engelke' s act
in saving little Laurie Massa could
not be surpassed, and it was with plea
sure that he presented to him the Scan
nell medal.
EXGEL.KE IS CHEERED.
"I hope," said Engelke, as the medal
was pinned on his breast, "that my con
duct in the future ..will merit your ap
probation as It has i in - the past, and
after thanking you I will wish you all
a Merry Christmas and a Happy New
Year.". % . . .
Engelke was roundly cheered, but he
was not permitted to take his seat.
Fire Commissioner Boyne stepped
forward and- after, commending his
brave act presented to Engelke; ori be
half of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, a gold badge
and voiced the regret of President
Newhall of the society that he ■ could
not be present in person to reward En
gelke for his heroic act. -Then, on be
half of Colonel , Andrews of the Dia
mond Palace, Fire Commissioner Parry
presented Engelke^ with" a handsome
gold w"atch, I which bears l the following
Inscription: ; "Colpnel - A, Andrews to
August Engelke, noseman, for bravery
in rescuing a little boy from flames at
the risk of ; his life, June 11, 1904.';: .
Julius Kahn, , who . was present, "was
called upon to address the" gathering.
He said the heroes that ; had been hon
ored needed no encomiums from him;
their acts speak for themselves; but
in conclusion he said he would send
some books from the Congressional Li
brary at Washington to every flre
house in San Francisco— books that
would furnish a nucleus for a good,
substantial library.
Mayor Schmitz again spoke briefly
in conclusion, saying that such heroes
as the men of the Fire Department
deserved more consideration at the
hands of the people and instead of but
three days off a month, he was going
to see if he could not get each man of
the department a. full day off each
week, and also to get for them other
concessions that would make their
lives more agreeable.
The Mayor's announcement was
greeted with great applause. The ap
plause marked the end of the cere
monies and the fire laddies returned to
their houses to wait for danger to
again confront them. •
THE STORE WHERE LOW PRICES PREVAIL
Practical gifts are becoming 'more popular each day. The Store on the Square shows an immense variety of useful articles
suitable for presents. Designs that will please the most fastidious at absolutely lowest prices.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD.* "NUF-CED." .
combination ROCKER :~CobbIer ter-sawed oak, golden "' J f"L- withered fin-
bookcase —Quarter- se at. S b I id oak or weathered finish ,»„«„„„.„, ish - An e *«p-
sawed oak. Beautifully ,, c . , ... ,. %.-^ ""■ "-! UUSIO CABIRST — CBirrOSIEB — , n .-
flaked, hand carved. Two SOlden IiniSn. Weil Rjcridlv midp An Golden oak or mahogany Quarter - sawed oak. nonauy arti-i-
bevJl French plate mir- made and highly : '7 , :" . A " finish A necessity m £? d * * l S "*
rors. Workmanship and . . v j • - -tFtlStlC design every home where there is 'a place for everything. Fnce
finish of the 7 C DO.llS.ne.a. tf^^n • . ° COCA a plano - Price COCA Price.... r«Jr\ On Cis "7-"
best. Price $01./ J ? f C e ...... Price . . . . . $y.DU ::::;:;;;;:;;; Jo.DU ;;;;;:;;; $cM.CD $16.73.
f^smV^eiAr* NeW dC3ignS arriving daily * Not a pattern |) _ _, _ | J% -~—>^ «£ to 0^^"^^^^
W ifill IBCiX but bears the stamp of merit. Prices the low- jfa, &* %J tfQ g 1% flBlvP own a Retrai Ranjre. ETtry part
VfcSS »S'T^®*V* U^K^f **±*QAi& a\Ul&>«V «ruaranteed. Terms S1.00 io-n
"--.-■ - .-a ■--■ -.- ...... esi. . - ■•.-.■• ■■-..■■■ . ■- %^ ■ - ; ■ %.jr and 81.00 a week.
NAN PATTERSON
CASE IS CLOSED
Jurors Will To-Day Pass
Upoil Guilt or Inno
cence of Accused Woman
FINAL ARGUMENTS MADE
Eloquent Plea for Acquit
tal Is Answered With
a Scathing Arraignment
. NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Judge Vernon
M. Davis did not deliver his charge to
the jury in the trial of "Nan" Patter
son, the former actress, to-night, but
sent the jurors home to rest after a
day spent in listening to the arguments
of counsel. It had been expected that
the case would go to the Jury before 6
o'clock, but Judge Davis put his charge
over until to-morrow.
Abraham Levyi chief counsel for the
defendant, occupied the time of the
morning session with his argument and
Assistant District Attorney Rand took
up the afternoon with his speech. Both
addresses were impassioned and elo
quent. Levy brought his listeners to
tears at times by his references to his
client and the homecoming in Wash
ington which he looked for.
PLEADS FOR IDS CLIENT.
Placing a Bible on the railing in
front of the jurors. Levy read the
eighth chapter of the Gospel of St.
John. He laid particular emphasis on
the sentence, "He that is without sin
among you, let him cast the first
stone," and then he said to the jurors:
"Will you say to her who sits before
you here, in the words of Him who
spoke at that time: 'Woman, go and
sin no more'?
"With the happiness of your own
home, before you and with the joy of
the Christmas festival in anticipation,
are you going to condemn this young
woman?
"Do not send her to her doom now
when the entire world is rejoicing. She
sits abandoned by all except that oia
man, her aged father. I leave her in
your hands, confident that you will ac
quit her and restore her to her devoted
old father at a time when everything
proclaims peace on earth and good will
to men. I ask that you allow her to
take him home to the aged wife and
mother who awaits them and give her
a chance to live a new life with them
in her home."
Levy impressed upon the jury the
fact that Miss Patterson was riot be
ing tried for immorality. No woman
became bad because of innate deprav
ity, he said. She became bad because
of the incentives of man and the weak
ness of <her nature. If a man took his
life because of love of her. why punish
her?'
"You cannot bring back the dead."
said Levy, "but if Caesar Younsr were
here to-day I think he would speak a
few Words for this poor Kirl he has
made his plaything."
RANDS PITILESS ARRAIGNMENT.
Rand's argument was a severe ar
raignment of Miss Patterson, a'nd when
the prosecutor pitilessly condemned
the woman as the murderer of the
bookmaker. Caesar Young, she galled
under his invective.
: "Actress, stony-hearted. cruel
mouthed avenger that she is.' the storv
she told, the manner of telling it. ought
riot tolie convincing to a child." he
said. ' "Every action proclaims guilt.
I have never seen a real murderer who
has not been distinguished by coolness,
calmness and unruffled demeanor and
conceit. T. never yet have seen a mur
derer who was not anxious to testify,
believing that his story could prove
convincing to the jury."
In -detail he held her character to
the 'jury and asked if a woman like
her was fit to have any love other
than that of the "beast."
"The beast in the woman called to
the beast in the man and the beast in
the man answered," he said.
. Miss Patterson's counsel were not
spared by Rand, who, after savins
that the defendant's testimony had
been typewritten and learned bv heart,
added:
I '"There are those among her defenders
who are capable of preparing testimony
which- they know to be false. I name
no names and I stand ready to prove
what: I say if there Is any question
raised on that statement."
i J. Morgan Smith and hia wife were
denounced by the lawyer.
SKELETON AGAIN USED.
Most impressive was Rand's attempt
to show, the jury that Young could
not have shot himself. The skeleton
which had already appeared during
the. trial. was brought forward and the
attorney, went over the details of the
entrance of the bullet and the direction
it took after entering Young's body.
Beautifully Bound Books by
the World's Greatest Writers
' . . (Main Floor. Near Entrance.)
-These books are perfectly printed on the finest of paper ;
are magnificently illustrated in colors, and are illumined. They I
contain the choicest selections of verse and prose. |
They will be appreciated as a Christmas gift by children, as
well as adults.
r^-——"^ Your choice AP
.^^ — ~Sl of the fol ~ f H^
J^yX^SpaSS 9fy$nt i lowing for. <sLaJL
U***ffix(%3n&C- JJB*.® Rubles from Lord Byron.
tt jtiXfticSl^^i iSJWSjV*"-* Sapphires from Robert Burns.
UUB&£al&^ > ' 7*VW l * r ' Pearls from John G. Wfcittirr.
linlmafaT iLlyT^-i --"P^rVJL-Ti - j Diamonds from Sir Walter Scott.
»?»£*¥»/ Z * ft%S> i^" " jGK. Emeralds from Thoma» Moore. J
ll^74fLpJtmtofJt%Gyps*£<j/&P^ Opals from Oliver Wendell Holme*.
Abide \v ltl\ Me.
Nearer. My God. to The«.
Gems from TVllliam Cullen Bryant. Daisies from Stevenson** Child**
Gems from Ralph Waldo Emerson. Garden of Verse.
Gems from James Russell Lowell. Roses and Lilies from Longfellow.
Pansies from Shakespeare. Violets from Longfellow.
Birthday Books
Shakespeare. Dickens. HavergaL
Tennyson. Longfellow. Bible.
These books are really diaries, each page having some apt verse. Illus-
trations run through the book, suggesting great historical and classical
events. There is space a/ter each day for memoranda. *
There Will Be "Something Doing" at Pragers
This Morning and Every Morning This Week
From 8:30 until noon; thereafter until the closing hour the usual
shopping inducements will be given.
. (Store Open Evenings Until Christmas.)
Great Holiday <£3| fTf tf%tf>t*$£ LunchlnOur
Sales in Pill 3^ | £|J|^I^ Cafe
Sections Of liT^ 1^ 14 *^" 1 " 41^ ' (Fourth Floor)
/heSfore. F MUM*"**'* "^JT"
During this recital Miss Patterson cov
ered her face with her gloved hands.
Rand used the revolver with which
Young was killed to prove that In no
position could It have been held by
Young to inflict the wound that caused
death. Facing the jury, with the pis
tol in his outstretched hand, the prose
cutor exclaimed:
"Gentlemen. I will give you this re
volver to take Into the jury room and
if any man among you can hold It as
the defense's theory of suicide would
require you to hold It in order to in
flict this wound and then pull the trig
ger. I will consent to your setting this
defendant free on the spot."
After Rand's speech. Levy said:
"That was the most wonderful ad
vocacy of any cause, the most master
ful speech that I have ever heard in a
criminal case in the courts for twenty
five years. In spite of that, I am con
fident that Miss Patterson will be ac
quitted." .
HOME OF WASHINGTON
. . CIXB RUINED BY FIRE
Spark From Electric Wire Causes the
Destruction of the Met
■-ropolltnn.
WASHINGTON. Dec 21. — The Met
ropolitan Club house, the home of the
most fashionable club in Washington,
was ruined by- fire to-day. Involving
an estimated loss of from S 60,000 to
$100,000, partly covered by insurance.
The fire was caused by a spark from
an electric -wire, t
The club, has a large membership,
embracing some of the best known
men in public life, but none of them
was in the building at the time of the
fire, the only occupants being four
of the employes, all of whom es
caped. '■ Watchman - Deponai was
overcome br smoke and carried out
by the firemen. He will recover.
Dividend on Readlne Common.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 21. — The
Philadelphia and Reading Railway
Company to-day declared a semi-an
nual dividend of 1% per cent on the
common stock: of the company. This
Is the flrs^ - dividend on the common
stock since 1S76. A semi-annual
dividend Qf 2 per cent was also de
clared on the second preferred stock.
If every" man should profit by his
own mistakes we would all be better
off. - ' ' •
ADVERTISE>IENTS.
PRAGERS
TEXAS INJURED
IN COLLISION
Battleship Struck by Big
Floating Drydock, Which
Broke Cables and Drifted
HER PLATES S3IASHEI)
Unlucky Member of the Navy
Will Have to Put Up to
Have the Repairs Made
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— Breaking five
great cables as if they had been
threads, the 100-ton floating drydock.
Hercules, moored to the side of the
new battleship Connecticut, broke
adrift in the navy yard basin in Wall
about Bay to-day and crashed Into the
stern of the battleship Texas, Bmash
ing several plates and so Injuring the
warship that she will have to go lnt0
the drydock.
In the basin, when a fierce squall
swept over it, were the Texas. Illinois.
Kentucky. Tacoma and Minneapolis.
The Hercules was securely tied to the
Connecticut and was loaded with great
armor plates on the decks. The strain
resulting from the heavy wind caused
the cables to break and the derelict
started up the bay toward the war
ships.
Two tugs, the Narketa and Pen
tucket, were hastily dispatched to catch
the fleeing drydock. which was making
directly for the Tacoma and Minne
apolis, moored close together. The
Pentuckct caught the Hercules when
almost . upon the warships and made
fast to her. Before it could be con
trolled It swung around and struck th»
Texas squarely in the stern port.
COUNTERFEITER ARRESTED.— Th« so>
jxwed accotnollce of David D. Cbsa. the al
leged counterfeiter, was arrested last night.
He gare the name of Ray Gartane.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
BORNE TO REST
BY COMRADES
Policemen Pay Tribute at
Bier of George W. Brown,
the Murdered Patrolman
HJGH MASS CELEBRATED
Inquest Conducted in the
Case of the Man Who/Met
Death at His Post of Duty
Oailird C«c« Ear Francisco Call. !
:.:? ErcAd-sray, Dec n.
Member* cf the Pcli*« D*partm»=u !
*-* «■-'*• *n-; frarernil &s*xia.Z£3 cf '
Gecrge W. B.-rr»n. the nrsrdered pa.- :
trr'r**"". tttecdei the funeral services,
wiuch '■ere held this sicrring tt S"_
Frcrdr d* Ezltr Church. The fu£*ral
csrt«^e fteci the residence, IZK Twenty
*mTtzz.'Jh txrz*r~ •srts eaccrted by"allrg«
d*tad:n:ert ■ cf pclloe, headed by Cap
tain cf 'Felice Waiter J. Petersea. os ;
rtc« watch the desul ciictr was de
tailed. A_ delegation frota Piedjr.-^*
Ptrisr r.*o. 155. Native SrzM cf the |
Gcidea TTest; frcra University I>»dcs
No. 1U. L O. O. F, zzA frc= the Car- )
ir/f Berevoisrt Aatodxilsn. also
trek pirt.
The «c>r^3 r*-; _:*— high rrtrKt was
celttrated at the church by the R»v.
Tt-rxzzjs HcS-sreener." pastor cf St.
Frsrcia C* r^lea ;arlsa. ts'ir^el by
xtt Bjtst. TzzIjzt Bajschib, deacon; th« j
Rev. Fithtr «3irtwei rub-deacci^, and ,
th* Her. Father CrasweU, ntster cf .
ccremvr_rea.
STuitc cf the rr.2»3 "araj rengertd cy a
cicir cctr^oced cf Mrs. Ben ' Tarbcx.
trtlt^; Thcnias Arias Ziv^a. tencr;
I-rark Firore, bass, and MJ» E^xa
beth HcNally. crgznir: ar.2 directcr.
Feth«r JlcSareersy cSered apprcpri
aur r»rr,j»rfe3. at the bier u>sa th* slain
ptzex cScer.
ifarry-tojc»n« cf respect in the form
ct C^ral, cfierxnci were s*r.t. from
friends ar.ti fcrtn*r aBgocia.tg«. among
*^.^m L^^-M-g *:— -^*^^-« fcTuZI l_^ i Wt-^T
. D^artn;*r:t. th* Native Soz±. the c*r- !
r**-* usd Untrenity Lc-igt cf Oil Fel- J
15W8. X !
Tbj* paHbtarers repre«nt*-i crgaa- {
ixatiocs zs fcl2cw«: Police Depart- i
nest— Patrolmen C. T. Henley and I
Th t»-«« Merrtck; Univemty Iy>ir» — '
L. T. S^rie^. J. E. Anderson: P:»-l- J
TrtffrrT Pirtcr — J. G. Brotrn. Charles
• :^r*y: Cirmtri's Ass-c-c^.tic.3— W. D.
Wilccx. W. P. Fcx.
Istensest wzs la St. ilary'B Ce=s- ,
tery.
A Corcter's jsry to-cight found that
ir;-- ii^i '--r-r. =h.t ".-.r. :^ttr.t to
m^rd-er by a person urxnown to the j
5ury. The tzsei^etx failed to disclose !
*. fact that wouia lead to the identity
cf th* murderer.
Af ur VT. 1^ Brown father cf th* do-
Uc^niAS, fc^d iderti£*d Lis sen. Police
can L. F. Ajne-ar testi5*d to hegrir.r j
the ehots. and Dr. H- Kofcsrd of the!
Prcvii*r;'je Hospital toll cf atterdlnz i
Brown until the patrolman died. ' Dr. 1
O. D. .-~'-~:-..z. fexplairiied the fatal j
■wound a^ disclosed by the autot«y. J. j
H. McKay, who had bees Koc&ed by
Brown just btfere tht Ehoctinr for rid
trg tis fcirycJe oa the sidewalk, nar
rated th* circumstances. Fred Habeit
asd Mia* Agnes St*ck»?r. who were
1*a.ving Providence Hospital, save tes
tim-oi:y cc-nc^rning the tire* Eh-ots they^
L'£_-c sir.i Br-5-»n'is cries cf ~Murdtr:**
James Donovajn told about hearinr the
shots ard sending for the police.
H. M. Eaibcrn. who taw a r:?n run !
through Twesty-sixth ttreet from !
Broadway a minute after th* ehots j
were fired, gave his explanation, but j
■aid be could cot identify the fuxitlve, j
a* It was too dark to discern his fea
ture*. Tfc* ♦uryrr.^n were Jacob Fibush.
iJBt Fickle*. D. Knabbe, James A.
Counca. Sig Klein, J. Wilzlciki and F.
H. Carperter.
5IAYOR OFFICIALLY
ORDERS SIGNS DOWN
I*tc« Statement Concerning the Crn
ead* Asairm Obstructions That
WIU Begin After Holidays.
OAKLAND. Dec 21.— Mayor War- |
ren Olney to-day made cfijdal an
counrement that after January S all
ebetructirg etreet tnd eidewalk eigns
maintained contrary to law shall be
r-naored. The text of the Mayor's
cr£*r U za follows:
Notice :» girts, thai lrrs*tixUZT *r$*r tt*
Cnt cf Jarstry *3 r.*-sa «sl it: *-v~:=»- -. t
cpoe r«iUc jre^trty zraat be reserved. Tfcla.
cf c*KTt*. t=c*r:4e» a3 m'-tsm ca r.-Sewaii*. Tb*
r.trwt^tM -*.-^r •_•> aa tjs* peopl* aad acy
e**i.-=ti3C fcy ttgzm vo. porj or cthermse u
a atsmsse
JTeiliser tie City Cocacfl aor Ute Bc*rd vt
P=tiie V.'jrt% ta» th« rtctt t» asttcrUe asy
mertMtf'TJxx. wtaterer ca th* ddewaScs I
kfiaw ol no city tbe «tze cf Oaklasd th*» fcaa
S*rc=:tt«4 ««* «ros« TistatioB* of U* nttn
at •■•■ ::-..-. aa tare <.-.-x.zjtt ber«.
It t» dM ?» i«;^m. If we a «g apt to har«
a rsofiera. *rtra/-Uxe dry we p»?H fafl 1; w»
:•!<• csr - -.-:-r.-j_ •:.-*»-.» Iwsklsc ::*» tbe
eaia *tr*et cf a r^crtry rUU*». It it a fcari
•tiS ca •.-.♦<■ wta tare t&lcwti a 1*4 r-a
v«i asd pst Kf. ex^eolTe a^as ca j*»ts f 3
Che «ld-waac* bet tie rrfars trujt be«ia a:
•«=* U=x z.r.'i i=*y aa «U becls b«w
Kothtr* wm be doe* cssll tlse boiijaya ar«
•w; fctt ot Jascary 2 tt* bad <-artoe& aaa
csd.
Borrlar Get* Jewelry
ALAMEDA, Dec. 21.— D. R. Preach
of 1522 Walnut street has reported to
th*" r«o!ice that his home was robbed
funday night tr.d that a number of
rings, a geld nugget, a purse contain
!r.*.S15 In gold and li 50 in silver were
taken. French say* he believes th» !
burglary «"*» committed between 9:20 !
Sunday night and Monday morning. '
while the members of his household
were a.«Ie*^. The thief entered with
a skeleton key. It is thought, but on
l*avi:ig the rerldence he locked the
door with a key that belonged to
French. I
ADVERTISE3LENTS
SIGK HEADACHE
« — 1 Positively cored by
A * DTTD 0 thc9e LutIe pm§ -
l/Al\ILl\0
p«^l .__. _ trea trc=a Djrp'psU. Is- )
kS I TT LE dlr-rr-ici tut Tco Eeartj •
FJ I\7ITD Z** 33 **' A perfect rea- }
j j I f fart edytoriegrncia. Saaea, )
11 PILLS 'ZrTtrZuza. Eil Tisf«<
g B la tie ILtxzh. Coated
tjvv"'" "^vA Tosszt. P»Ia la tix SSe. I
mamm Jtoepid ltveh. TteyS
restfste tbe Bowels. Purely Vegrubis. i
SHALL PILL SKJU1D0SL SHALL PRICE.
PimxDcl CURE SICK HEUJACnt.
uAniuvj #
Spittle uEicms i« ust Bear
|IVER Fs^Sods Signature .
FOUR DAYS IN NILES;
HOW MANY IN JAIL?
"Doctor" Proctor's Excuses
OAKLAND. Dec. 2L— "Dr." WUliani
S. "Ptocxot shot across the firmament
cf Washington To^mship in Aiameda
County with a briniancy equaled only
by the flight of a meteor. It took him
only four days to land at Niies, seil a
lot cf eyerlassea, raise a lot cf money
and diamonds, promise marriage to aa
aged and highly respected widow, near
ly get lynched and finally land in the
Oakland jail with a charge cf felony
against him. The chronology of his
ccreer reads like this:
Saturday. T>tc 17.— He landi in Niles
with a young man claiming to be his
son, meets a Mrs. Emily Tyson, sold
her a pair of glasses.
Sunday. Dec 18.— Calls upon Mrs.
Emily Tyson and borrows J10S on a bill
of saJe for an automobile.
Monday. Dec- 15.— Calls upon Mrs.
Tyaoa again and gets possession of a
lot of her diamonds, promises marriage
and wants to trade a house and lot in
Oakland and a 2C#-acre orange ranch
in Los Angeles County for the famous
Tyson fruit ranch.
Tuesday. Dec 20. — Wants to buy sev
eral thousands of trees from the Cali
fornia. Nursery Company In. order to
ctock his ranch, is arrested ar.l a mob
threatens to lynch him if he does not
give uj> the money and diamonds. Is
landed in the Oakland jalL
SOME "FRENZIED FINANCE."
Even in this rapid age of frenzied
finance Thomas W. Lawson would be
compelled to admit that the only bit
cf modern slang that would cover this
case would be "that was going some."
The "doctor" dropped quietly into
Nile* on Saturday lasL His coming
was unostentatious and unnoticed. In
etriking contrast with his leaving. He
called at several places, purchased a
few qu'et drinks and asked about elder
ly and wealthy widows In the neigh
borhood. In some way he secured the
name of Mrs. Emily Tyson, who lives
a couple of miles outside of Niles. Mrs.
Tyson is one who Is respected through
out the entire township. She came to
that section in 1S5! with her husband
and is practically the oldest living
settler in that section and is nearly
eighty years of age. She is the pos
sessor of one of the finest fruit rancnes
of that section and a family of healthy,
hearty, strong- limbed sons, who are
guarding and caring for their mother
in her declining years. The family
wealth can "be counted to upward of
a hundred thousand dollars and no
one. ever goes away from their door
hungry.
Having acquired ■ this Information
"Doctor" Proctor . hired a bueey and
drove out to see Mrs. Tyson. He in
ferred that in the afternoon the big
eons would be out looking after their
ranch interests, and be found Mrs. Tr-
Eon at home. He commenced the con
versation by offering to sell her a J 1 5
pair of gold glasses for J5. The day
was cold, and, with her characteristic
hospitality, she invited him- into the
warm house while the trade was con
cluded. He showed her a valuable Dair
cf glasses. - but when the deal was
made he palmed the good pair and
substituted - a pair which Mrs. Tyson
says is not worth a dollar. This, how
ever, was not discovered until later.
That was a fortunate start and the
next day he called again, it was a cold
day. also, and fa* had a young man
in bis bujrry who he said was his
eon- Both were Invited into the house
and they told of owning a .magnificent
bouse and lot in Oakland, and to Drove
th«* ownership they showed a set of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. DECEMBER 22. 1904.
WTDO-nr AT NILES AND HAN" .
"WHOil ?HE CKAF-GES MTIT3 OB
TAINING MONET FROM HER .
OX PKOill^E CF MARRIAGE.
house keys. The "doctor" also said
tha.t he had a 2W-acre orange zrove
near Los Angeles. and that he did
not like Oakland and wanted to eo
back to Los Angeles. He was (about
to trade his Oakland property for an
other cranes grove, but. unfortunately,
he a little "shy" on the trade and
h- needed about tlLO. In return for
this TL3) he had a VS.'Yt automobile that
he was wilifng to give as security for
the amount, and he would repay the
loan on January 15.
DOLLARS IX CORXERS.
The "doctor" was such a nice man
and llrs. Tyson did not want to see
him lose the trade fcr the want of such
a Email sum of money that she finally
dug up from odd corners of the house
a cbedc on the Bank of Alvarado and
enough cash to make up JI'j*. This he
assured her vrould do, and he made
cut a bill of sale, describing the auto
mobile in Its stable in Oakland.
ilonday he calied upon Mrs. Tyson
again and skillfully brought the conver
sation around to jewelry. He had a
ring or two that he exhibited, and she
brought oct some jewelry to show him.
Then he told her that he thought that
life on a Washington Township fruit
farm was preferable to that on a Los
Angeles orange grove; he told her
that he did not drink or smoke and that
she was ail that he loved In the world.
In the midst of all cf the flurry and ex
citement he talked off with the rines
and drove away with his so-called
"son."'
The next day the "doctor" called at
the California Nursery Company at
XCes and wanted to buy thousands of
trees, with which to stock his Southern
California ranch, meanwhile waiting
for a train tc take him out v* town.
But whiie the 'doctor" was waiting
for an opportunity to get away the
stalwart sons of Mrs. Tyson heard of
what was going on, and en masse they
went to Xiles to find the mar. with the
professional handle to his name. They
located him and took him vitb. his
•"son" to the XHes Hotel, where they
held them awaiting the arrival cf a
constable. The "doctor" at first show
ed f ght and some one shouted that he
had a pistol. Two of the Tyson boys
proceeded to take all of the fight out cf
him, despite his threats, and the other
two handled the younger man. *
Meanwhile word had gone out around
about the incident, and fully 200 people
gathered around the hoteL All of them
kr.ew the Tysons and respected them
all, particularly Mrs. Tyson,* with her
weight of eighty years. When the "doc
tor" ' showed fight open threats of
lynching were made, but everything
quieted down when Mrs. Tyson swore
to a warrant charging him with felony
and Constable Rodriguez brought them
to Oakland.
THE DOCTOR'S EXCUSE.
The Tysons do not discuss the mat
ter other than to say that Proctor took
advantage of their mother, who Is old
and of a trusting nature. On the other
hand. Proctor, has stopped talking en
tirely. He remains in his cell and re
fuses to say mere than he did last nirht
to The CalL Proctor trill be taken to
Centerville, before Justice Sandholt. for
arraignment to-morrow. He has em
ployed Tom Bradley as his attorney
and proposes to make a fight. He takes
refuge behind the statement that it was
ail a business transaction.
But whether business or not, during
the fight in the hotel at NHes the "doc
tor" turned over less than $89. all that
he had left of the J10S that he got from
Mrs. Tyson, and the younger man gave
back the rings. The taking of tfie dia
monds Js accounted for by the "doctor"
saying that Mrs. Tyson wanted him to
have them reset.
The boy who passed aa the "doctor's"
son at the Tyson home dow gives th*
name of Ray AFhberry and claims that
he was not a party to the four days of
"frenzied finance" In Niks..
SAYS JAPANESE VSK1> KXIFEL— Oak- I
tan*. Dec. ; 21.— Uue Kirn. » bntfh*r. had {
V. «»■ hi>!». a Japanese rwrtacrant helper at
475 Serecth street. * rr-r! • -1 . to-day. ■ Korn
<!»!-r.« the : Oriental tried to 'carve blra wl'b
a knife dcricr a aispct* ever a. MIL ,
OBSERVE WORK
OF BUSY BEE
New Entomological Build-j
injr at TJniversitr to Be Fit-!
ted With a Fine Apiary i
STRUCTURE'S FEATUEES
Plant Diseases Are to Be
Studied Under the Most
Favorable Circumstances
Berkeley O!5c» Sas Francisco Call.
tlii Center atreeu Dec ZL
Ground is to be broken on the univer
sity campus next vreek for the new
entomological building, to cost I7&».
which the regents at their last tsee.t
ias ordered constxucts<L The tsw
building is to be located about sixty
feet north of the football bleachers,
directly across Strawberry Cre*k from
Dr. Ward's bacterioiosical laboratory.
The new building is calculated to re
lieve the pressure upon the ©Sees ia
the agricultural college. It wd con
tain, among other features, a lazxe.
weil-Ugited rooa. fitted up with an
pbasces for cendsstis? a model apiary,
with glass hives adapted for the study
of bees. The be** wai make their way
to the hives through passages con
necting with the outer walls, so that
students will be in so danger of beim:
rtung.'
Apartments wCl be fitted uo for the
rearing of Mlk worms, and i^ cennec
tfon with this there wCl be "a model
cocoonery, Trhere the raw silk win be
treated, unreeled and made ready for
commercial use-
A plant conserralory Is to be croTid
ed for. so heated that various arricul
tural vegetation subi*ct to plant dis
eases may be. grown and the eS*ct of
extreme cold asd heat observed with
reference to the effect on narasites.
Several laboratories wEl be included
in the new building— one for testing in
secticides and sprays, an aaatom'cal
laboratory and a physiological labor
atory. Large research rooms wfll be
provided for advanced students asd
post graduates. A photomicrogranhic
and dark room win facilitate the secur
ing of lantern slides for study in the
claxs room. The entire staff of the en
tomological department will be accom
modated in the new building. *xcet*
Professor R. EL Smith, plant patho
logist, who will remain in the botany
building.
SENDS A WARNTNG
TO ALL CRI3IIXALS
Police Judge Mortimer Smith De
clares FnH Penaltv of tbe Law
WEU Be Dealt Out.
OAKLAND. Dec. 2L — Police Judge
Ifortuner Smith served notice from
the bench to-day that the dry must
be cleared of va^ranui, known thieves,
suspicious characters, beggars and all
other objectionable and lawless per
sons. His. remarks were coupled with
the announcement' that . the -extreme
penalty of the law : , wjli.be, applied- in
every case before Mm" of such persons.
In sentencing George S. Robertson,
Evan Green and Harvey Bates, pro
fessional beggars, each to three
months' imprisonment in the City
Prison his Honor said: -#
Th«» wsi wrr* as a warsir* tiat tfce va
pa=t ertelral da« moai pet oct of Gai
¥f?» «=« v =B«t k*e» awajr froo tiia city.
Ho»i=j». t«rsUrJ«*. kSlfc* cf {y^eeses. art
b!Cr - :::iS l- t9 ? iT *n** r - I w«at wortl w gtj
ost to erl=!aal f that tfcl* rity ;« so pUo*
fortb«a. rfcjj otarrssiry ..-...: i be rt-i of
"***•*• cr^*tor-» win prey, njon tee - rub?*-.
a=4 It »hall be th- ;^r;-..«- cf this ercn to
help til- PcJJce D*part=seot to pal Us- wsrrth
•ws crtialnaJ* wk»re taey ca=oct jSy tbeir
c*far*osa occc?«tlcn.
3LELROSE CLAIMANT GETS
.A FAVORABLE VERDICT
Famous Explosion Case Again Heard.
but Appeal Will Be Taken to
Supreme Court.
OAKLAND. Dec Zl. — This evening
a jury awarded Xsvier Fischer, a
claimant in the suits against the West
ern Fuse and Explosive Company, for
damages sustained in the famous Mel
rose powder-house explosion in 153?,
damages In the sum of ?12S0. There
are forty-five claimants vrith similar
suits, whose claims aggregate {75.000.
The Fischer case will be appealed to
the Supreme Court. This Is the third
time a jury has given a claimant a fa
vorable decision, but on two prior oc
casions the decisions have been re
versed.
The explosion was caused by a des
perate Chinese, who had barricaded
himself In a magazine where was
stored 500 pounds of gunpowder.
He threatened to blow up the peace
officers if they attempted to get him
and, when they finally did try to arrest
him he blew himself, seven deputies
and the building to atoms. The explo
sion did damage to neighboring dwell
ings, hence the suits.
No Water for Fire.
OAKLAND. Dec. 2L— The trial of
the case of Niehaus Bros. Company
against the Contra Costa Water Com
pany for J 146,000 damages Is still be
fore Judge Ellsworth. Ernest Nie
haus told the court to-day of the In
effectual efforts made by himself and
others to get water, but there was no
pressure and the water would not
flow. Otto Niehaus was also called
and testified to the quantity and value
of the material In his store.
Gate Pillars Torn Down.
BERKELEY, Dec 2i. — The stone
pillars formerly adorning the en
trance to the university campus at
Enclid avenue have been removed by
the university authorities. The pillars
were the gift of Frank M. Wilson of
Scenic Park. For three years- they
stood guarding the entrance. -but even
tually they impeded traSc there and
It was necessary to remove them.
They" will be utilized elsewhere on the'
campus.
FREE FREE
PLUM PUDDINGS
MINCE MEAT.
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
ARMOUR
PACKING COMPANY'S
FAMOUS BRANDS.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
TIRE WAITING
FOR TRUSTEES
Berkeley School Officers
Decide to Issue Bonds
Without Further Delay
NECESSITIES URGENT
More Room Imperatively De
manded — Superintendent
Explains the Situation
Berkeley OCk? San Francisco Call
214S Center Street. Dec Z\.
Weary of waiting for the Town
Trustees to issue a call for a bond
election which should Include provis
ion for new school buildings, the
Board of Education last night decided
to move in the matter without regard
to the Trustees" plans- A special
meeting of the board will be held t»
niorrow night ru the oS« of Super
intendent of Sc&ools S. D. Waterman
to decide -_z •:•- the items which will
b* included in the board's proposed
i*sue of bonds.
The action to be taken lo-morrow
cight will come up for formal ratifica
tion at the regular meeting on Jan
uary 23.
Director Weir last night urged his
colleagues to ignore the Town Trus
tees %nd begin to make provision
themselves Cor- a school bond issue.
H* declared the c^^s of the schools
are such that action is required as
soon as possible. He suggested thai
Superintendent Waterman prepare a
table showing the actual needs of the
department in ths way of increased
school facilities.
Mr. Waterman responded that he
had already prepared such a report
and announced that its provisions cai!
for Uxe following improvements: Six
new rooms at the Whiuier School.
with loU; six additional rooms at the
Columbia; sir at the Saji Pablo, with
lots: lot and four-room building near
Peralta Park; four additional rooms
at th» L<e Conte: large lot in North
Berkeley; buHdlng of sixteen rooms
oa Grove aad Bancroft way; building
of sixteen rooms on Rnx? street, with
additional lots; eight r.?w rooms In
High School.
This report of Superintendent Wa
terman will be considered in detail
and acted upon by the directors to
morrow night.
Miss Mary G. Maxwell was elected
teacher of history in the High School
and Miss Margaret Davf • and Miss
Ethel Jones -were chosen to £11 regu
lar teacher's positions.
AIR GCX 3IIS>ILE
PIERCES CinLD'.S EYE
Cliester Perrin 3Iay Lc?<» SIrht of
Optic a? Revolt of Betes
Hit bv Pc'Iet
ALAMEDA, Dec. 21. — Ches^rr. th?
€-year-o!d son of Mr. and Mrs. Eraile
~F. Perrln"of Xirjito street and Santa
Clara avenue, ; may I lose the siffbt of
one-' of hi* eyes as the result of b-fcy
struck with "a" bullet from an air gun
which was discharged by another boy.
Chester was in the act of pemins a let
ter in a mail box near his home dur
ing the latter part of la«T week when
a lad on the opposite tide cf th° street
fired the air grin. The shot took ef
fect in the eyeball of the little felloe
and caused him to fall to the ground.
His mother saw him fall and hurried
to his assistance. He •sras treated by
Dr. W. B. Stephens, who removed the
leaden missile from the eye. E. F.
Perrin. father of the injured lad. says
h^ intends to begin suit for damages
against the parents of the boy who,
he asserts, discharged the air
Death of James T. A$aby.
OAKLAND. Dec. 2L— James T. Ash
by w-a? found dead in his b*d at fhe
Union House. East Oakland, yester
day. He was 75 years old and was
wjdelv known, having enjoyed the dis
tinction of being the first newspaper
carrier In Oakland. He was the brother
of the late William Ashby and of Mark
T. Ashhy. who resides in Berkel?y.
after whom Ashby avenue is named.
Judgment -\rain>t Snow Paid.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21- — Attorney T. C
Coogan. on behalf of former Mayor
R. W. Snow and his surety, the Fidel
ity and Deposit Company of Maryland,
to-day paid into the city treasury
JC67S70"in full satisfaction of a
judgment obtained against Snow for
the recovery of commissions withheld
frcm personal property tax collections
when Snow was City Assessor.
Fire Burns Factory.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21. — Fife at 3
o'clock this morning destroyed the L.
M. Dfllman Company's window and
ladder factory at Grove and Twenty
fourth streets. The loss v/as i7>».
The fire started in the office, spread
in? rapidly to inflammable stuff In the
shop. Mrs. E. Nicholson's cottage,
next door, was damaged.
Hu-ban<I Given Decree.
OAKLAND. Dec. 21.— Iy»wis Dag
ner. a carpenter, was granted a divorce
from Sarah J. Dagner this evening on
the ground of desertion. Mamie
Lloyd Rice was granted a divorce from
Carson F. Rice of San Leandro on
the ground of neglect and given ' half
of the community property.
Charles Man Sn«pected.
Charles Man was arrested last night
and entered on the detinue book. It is
thought he is the person -.rho has b?en
robbing' the tool che3ts In buildings in
ccuree , of construction- About JS»
*vcrth of tools were found in his pos
session.
Rlls Lectures at Berkeley
BERKELEY. Dec. 21.— Jacob Riis,
the distinguished reformer from New
York, delivered his lecture 011 "Tony's
Hardships" to a Urge audience "in
Hearst Ha>l to-night. The proceeds
are to be given to the University Set
tlement work in West Berkeley.
Work for tl>« CTinrcIi.
universal peace, as.ii stands to-day,
is purely a matter of expediency. Sen
timent cuts a sorry figure beyond in
spirins*conventions and resolutions of
protest against continued warfare. But
if the forces allied with the Christian
church were to array themselves
against the present practices and direct
their efforts toward converting the
pleasing theory of i&iversal p?ace into
a reality, even though complete success
should not crown their endeavors, there
is no question as to the beneficial re
suite that would follow.— Detroit Free
Press.
MINISTER FROM
HOLLAND WEDS
Van Saimleren. Leads 3Iiss
Elizabeth L. GlOyer of
Wasliintrtoii to the Altar
DIPLOMATS PRESENT
3Ii>> Hagner. Secretary to
3Lrs. lJoosetelt. Act> as
Maid of Honor to Bride
WASHINGTON*. Dec. Zl.— Jonkheer
Rene *de ~4&rees Van Sainderen. The
Netherlands Minister, and Miss Eliza
beth Lindsay Glover, the only daugh
ter of Mr. and ilr&. C C. Glover, were
married at noon to-day in the Church
of the Epiphauy by Ri-hi Rev. Henry
Yates Satterlee. Bishop ol Washing
ton, assisted by the rector of Epiphany.
Rev. Dr. MrKixn. After the ceremony
the Tvedding: guests vcere entertained
at breakfast at the palatial home of
Mr. and Mrs. Glover on Farrasrut
frqaare.'.' . j -
OCciai Washington attended the
weddinj: in full force. The ushers were
Count Adam de Moltke de Huitfeld of
Denmark, Count Van JLinibuix Stirum
and Baron Van Trsllvan Serovskerken
c.f Holland. Ma|or Charles U McCaw
ley of the Marine Corp*. Walter Van
Rensselaer Berry and Clarence Wilyon.
Miss Hagner. Mrs. Ro-we veU's secre
tary, wa* niaid of honor. The brlde
frroom's best man was Baron Mon
cheur. the &?!cian Minister.
All of the Erabassadors •were present
with the exception of Count . Cassini.
the Russian Embassador. who is in
disposed. Practically the entire corps
was In attendance. Secretary of State
and Mrs- 'Hay arrived shortly before
noon ard were given seats at tfce front
of the chsreh. Secretary of War and
Mrs. Taft. Secretary of th- Navy and
Miss Morton, and Senator and Mrs.
Fairbanks also were assigned seats in
the middle aisle. The church was
beautifully decorated in white chrys
antben-unrs. Bride roses, palms and
lilies of the valley.
The Minister and his bride left Wash
ington in the afternoon for a brief
wedding trit^
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
JACOB RZIS IX OASLAXIX— OmT^rri !><=-
S3- — Ja£=4> Rzzr. tb» ncc*3 Se-rc=rw i;ce i!a
Ef- is X«tt Tert Qry. « t*3t befsv tie
erca Tii» E*tt> Witt ibe t^ra"
H£TT2n> K53>CH-OiT DIE3- — -:itiM
t±x=s. e£ C»tasl »s i=s hesae. IIS* g»-»
Bcstrf <? PrtQ; ■Wai*. Sa* saier »u
t» ..- • . i.-;.- csot cT lie s«» fccijSiT rs?i»
tjc23 aa3 »^ crTra-fTt mf.14 e=*=-aS23K
»«t - -
vr. n. HimtAx gozs to mnca
tie law= «55«-*if r-»r:» Pan. TVx&jl i»* j
3*»ts» at tsoe fir fcli tsrw t«.alu_i.
SATS CKIXTS TTA5 FOJtGEI*.— O^-x=i i
DecwibT SI.— Harry Wilier a Eerk»:fy
c-icirertcr. Tscti2-sl ?b<»ri^ Ksiacs> tiat fcai ■
us* ta^ b>«a firr*d «e a rt»>rk 7cr ft; &=>£ ;
f»iSrf by ?!*• rirrt N »•.:«.«: 3ar>_ N> c-:— - j
:4a^st fe»* be»a nsa-J^ fer Ifea «-«-v w^sci S« i
t»ECLAKE? A ?fOSIE£TEAr>. — n»l>V, j
I>*t. 21. — Jir». ATjjraaa OUgj t^?* i-» -' '^ 1
"i^=ii.-*<J a h6oe«?*a4 oa Os» £a=E-;.T rvxArx* i
•t TTUrtfjath t>3 J£a1>3E «trf-ca. H«=rr
kaoTra rrw:*;; Era «tcs« 'i. -r» ■»»* r*-
ELEXTTilC '«Vl!iKS C2O?. — O*ki»=i l>c
tl-— K-arllT ctanF!«S »>crr-,c «ir«* f»a «r I
TareJfrh «r*« *ac Bti»-3-»«t ttto »*»*■■ -j »■-—_ j
cr--s*iar ti»» CcUazd Tr*ctfc= trx>y t=«» i
»=.i <-mrr:rc a 'iv«;y ef«ctri:a3 iTissrtsarise-
TraA- »*a Kotkrf fcr k«=« e=-. Lfcs«s«s
V*c Tl. — llrs. Ac=a L. Rs« •»»» i»^*r»«J
«ssc^=a»trnt te-4ajr b^fcr* .'-•<- Gtt«c» aad i
<Jiaa cf t*r oersca aaS tie Mer=a=-a> Traic
Cc ssasj- <ti S«s FVaac^co ra»riix3 t? ber
out\ stated t» b? <«PoriS tT» ■.»'•• £>» t» at
ptUUU cc=£=«i »i Dr. R.-Ai-.nae» 5a~^-t=s
at LiTer^KSY.
*X)Or» WoKK AT T5tE POSTOmCE.
•■•ii.tr:. Dec Tl. — Pnfsc*s-rr T. T. Darsie i*
Crr.-=z Um: t«rt o>' wjifc «=?<=« Cs» - ::. u r Tsr±
at ts» •:■«.•-.: j- ; Pc»terir>» Xnrr ia lie tis
tcrj eT List cr^xEiniJca *■«« lie --r—^Tr ttf
CixUr=->»* --i - • r— tees so larr». Tie "-^;:
casrwmrJ I* ai »t» b*lsit 133 ii» r.v U r»«
fcczs ta* uf* ar* 8|^'-?--r-ff t» arrive, aafi vrt
ii*r« tLare bera sso *»Ur» cf *=T t»i tie
mil earn way "-rr cfeaned sp et»rT i*T
AJDSBCSS THE HLS5— OakUad. D-^ n —
Sarertcr Jade? H«itt A. Meivs. yaj? exalte*
ralrr cf OiiUr>3 LoJxe of Elks. fca» beea 1»
vtttd ic b« coe cf tie rpec^I 9peak«rs at tie I
faa^ra*: t» be «irea ti* srasd exa.'»J rt>-r cf !
that or£*T Ia New Tcrk «s F»tg-sjj-r li. It i» a '
great r :r ■ r that a yw=s Califorsiir sSsrsii be i
i«i«JU) go to X»» Tcri 10 aiirrss a rat5*T- i
Iss of that kiad. *hxh win be an*is«i fey i
p*op> fr«a all over tie raited States.
DEATH OF AX OL.I> SETTLER — fSV.i-.' '
Dec. H- — i!r«. :-:: i*'--:i. :.i:ct i;*i ai ier 1
':.-_- ca : -.' '. '. Ifcraxx roaj back >' Sas: '
CUtUad last nislst. a«^d O y*«r*. l*r-. i
Eacff^r cais* tc * -i'i '..- i 533T yean ayx » - * !
Trtth ber hastcad bsiilt a raartiacas*' oca ti« ,
M :iii read. To-£aj taat -■•;»* is »v-^rt :-. •
ylde tae ciiy Exits cf OafcUrti. w«> ia \ jar . '
■isy ;; was osllt it was ca aa -r .--±-_-:m : .;.
side. Sbe IwTW a scs. WU2a=a r-.wisr c^
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Cak^ad. Dec
Tl.— Tbe fcllswias isarr-Use :2crs«» »«»
leaned br the Oss=it Clert
S*=i=el J. Pfterrsr. Si. a:»J Ke-i* a.
Crist. SI. Visa of Sa» rraac^w; C^arit*
A. Winer, ever tl. RrvtUrsJ and Eiiia K.
I nsciardv ov*t IS. Eerk»Jey; Dit>3 Ji. **%»■
! araa. 2SL »al Al=-a E. Xrtsja. 12. t»-<i cf
] Eerk*?«T: WlSUaw II. Staart. 3u aad }::..--
Eis»c Cl. hcilt of O»t:«=d; Beaias-ia Caz
j riH>. «»v»r n. ard May Ylers. c»*9- IS. beta
1 cf OalUsd: Howard T. Rarti^x Si Lc» Aa
sreie?. ar»S Reisa 4e Lr!** - t ZX. (tlactasaU-
Alfred D. Eowea. *t\ ia.1 Sii^v E. Sci^y. -a[
both «s- Saa PraRc:«>»: Jcin .*..-.» .^- r . SS. s*a
I Francis^.. And A=;e Vrsura. 33l ft«Wttrt;
I Robert B. Vai!e*s. tJ. aad Hary E. Ciwiisc
13. bota cf A:ac*>ia: Edward H. Frs« ts.
?acran»e=to. ard n=r»:;»* A. Jaarea. ri* <xa
! Rafael.
Maktns Flannel* for Japan.
! The ill wind which is bJowinjr to-
I ward Russia is likely to be of some
! gcod to an English industry ■which'has
I b*en none too brisk of late years. A
I few of the woolen mills of Lancashire
J and Yorkshire have recently received
• large orders from the Japanese Gov
j ernrnent for flannels for their troops
1 and the fortunate manufacturers are
f working at the highest pressure to ful
j fill the contracts. The familiar stone
j built factories in the cloughs and val-
I leys on the Yorkshire si * of the Pen
j rine range axe especially busy, several
• being at work night and day. The «x
i t?nt of the orders would seem to Indi
f cate that the Japanese have made up
I tbeir minds to face a long campaign la
• the cold regions of Manchuria. — Lon
! don Pal! Mall Gazette.
i In th* manafacttsre of knives the
. division of labor has been carried, to
j to such an extent that one Knife is
•handled by seventy different artisans
j from tho moment th«* blade ts forj?*»d
j until the instrument Is finished and
ready for the market
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAHEDA COUNTY
OAXLAXD.
J0K Broad way.
Telephone Mala iftSS.
BERKEXEY.
•14* Center SSrert-
Xelc jsbooc N'TiIi 7 7.
ALAMEDA.
1 JS5 Part EZTttt.
aicGXU-IEVY .\OW HOPES
TO ESCAPE PilO^ECITTIOX
FngilJve Banker CacsJrt at Phoenix
.-ay* He J- TVTXEnz to M a~e
fte^tittltlOC
PHOENIX. A. T., I>c. n— 5ttrt2=»
revelations' were niade here to-day b7
Bernard B. McGrfevy. the f=gltiT*
OXeiU fNebr.> banker. H* ai=it:*<i
thai he va< in r»sses*io3 cf f3=£s tiat
m?s1it help to extricate fciss froa his
sh2re of blame. . Going: furrier. h»
actually placed is the hards oi Cap
tain McDonald, tfee arrestirs' oCcrr.
a personal bank recent for C3.<X» ef
the m!s?i=5 rcoriey sad told him thai s»
could at once place his hanis on rr
lea^t $15,000 more once they arrive! aj
O'NelJL
That the bank was J55.000 shert h»
emphatically d?nied.
"I was bookkkeep^r. and I ocgt; to
knovr." h? maintaiaed.
McGreevy says he Is trilling: to tzrs.
everything over to the bank to escap*
crimiral prosecution.
McGreevy insists that $«,900 cf ti«
Elkhcrn Valley Bank's money i* per
fectly safe.
Upton Mn-t Give Place.
Sir Thomas Upton ha3 un<5-u»stica
ably found an enormous advertisetsent
in challenges for the America's <n^ an!
in hla frequent statements that h»
means to try again. There are thc»».
chiefly on the other side, who be!>v»
that there has been more cf the adver
tiser than the sportsman in his wh;:»
cup cair.paism. and of late there hav*
been indications of a feeling amcr.5
British yachtsmen that it is time for
him to stand aside and let other* try.
It is also intimated that Sir Thomas
win find it difScuIt to induce a first
rate designer to take up another chal
lerser for him. It is made telerahly
plain tha^ others who would like ti
challenge wCl do nothing while hs is
in the field, and It is possible that ha
will have almost prohibitive difilculty
In obtaining a club through which t3
challenge if he persists in the face cf
the feeling which existi— Kanf^l
Ti=es.
Taiac of HocXiae Work.
Routine is a blessed thi=? w^ea
firivtrs pemer whirh keeps us g-irg —
t2iEt §rre !^s present *3y «3 weD aa
presa=sa cr w«xrfr*s3 thai ti£r* £9 •
jsata raied cut a^rg.-^ eacb iis'.wiishi
snn frlis-sr because it is tiers; tia.:
there Is t2r=« xi'-i cxaSccs. ~*-»t »et fir
them ta pet t^v t» eat. to -wmtk* to rest.
to read, p t» bed asair^ Tney csr*
alcr? th* grooves cf hahit asi gst a.*l
the benefit cf iitir '-^^--li— - ard
their experience. The y»nerai ~<j
«T=it th* fieid for a, tine if he chsc*w;
the arury has^ trs 't*^'-^ plan ♦r i
fcsows -arhat expected cf It— X«»
Tcrk V?r
HealTb *Trr»« Rgry BfeC
A vast a *~ ' j T** r T cf ""literatsT's"" t2sss*9
»;* ajuj laynrea are >-*»;— rj the cx^sb
eh=S. The Tir3=s &> 33^ > —^
which way to turn. Ts-daj-s airic*
is to ear everytii=.g ia alrit; »-=sr
roW» is to starve. Ozs expert «aj»
cever tsurh starchy faols. * ~"^»?
says eat co meats. A third <-■>■-— :,-^
that aiul-j shall sa-rer i=ch — ->
sweet cr sour. A f=urt2s tzalszs r^»»
we drcp everything ex»pt tis eerta-s.
A fifth te^a cs to drt=3t fscr r»"~* »
cf filtered water a day. A «^rr^ advises
t>at w» are kiZirs ctrwlra -*iii ts»
and coffee. It : - : is as IT every writes
en the subject Is ta tha pay cT bea^a
food cranks.— New Tcrk Press.
Profits la Forests.
Gennisy his u. dry sit=xt*d Sa ti«
Black Forest ccsta.rV~y aicst T3M t=*
habitants which rets mlcsj: *f hr-;t
paying any t»T»s. aH rzu^isi^ai ex
pens^ be*=^ provlirf *rr t r y»ar^r
censists cf S*"©} acres cf fcres^, ~»-
aged csisr tbe best fcresuy =5st2s«is.
and th« annual retrra fru=i Iz. pretty
r*su!ar la a=cunt. ts su^cfent to tseet
all reQuirensents. WT>ea a tre« :* cut
down cce cr two —ere are pointed. «r:1
the yield is co=s*qu-e::t2y r»- 5 -«~* r »«v--~ ;;L
No tree is cut till It Is of a srewth
yield th* maxi=r=a prefix This r*r«
all tbe city's ex>?nses, with a surplus.—
New; Tork Tribune.
A sir! misses her mother wfc*a »v«
dies, but she dcera*t ful^y ar-preciai*
what th* less really means uiti2 h?r
father acts like marrying »!tm1'3-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The skin czght to be
clear; there is nothing
strange in a beautiful face.
; If we wash with proper
soap, the skin will be open
j and clear, unless the
health is bad: A good
skin is better than a
The soap to use is
Pears*; no free alkali in it.
Pears*, the soap tha:
clears but not excoriates.
Sold all over theYOUNG WEBER
GAINS WEIGHT
Life / in the County Jail
. at Auburn Seems to Agree
With the Alleged Murderer
IS TEX POUNDS HEAVIER
Occupies His Time Beading
Testimony Taken at the
Preliminary Examination
Special Dispatch to Tiie Ca!t
AUBURN. Dec 21.— Adolph Weber.
the alleged jaurderer cf his father,
mother, brother and sister and who is
charged with robbing the Placer Coun
ty Bank, shows no signs of breaking
down. On the contrary he has gained
at least tea pounds since his incarcera
tion in the County Jail.
Weber spends his time reading the
testimony presented at the preliminary
hearing and before the Grand Jury.
Last Monday his attorneys made appli
cation to the court for 5600 a month
family allowance. As Weber is only
twenty years old, this would mean
$7200 that his guardian and attorneys
would have the handling of before he
became of age.
W«»ber was quite talkative to one of
the officers to-night.
"Will I be tried on all four of the
murder charges and for the bank rob
bery too?" he asked.
"Yes if you are cot hanged on the
first charge," replied the offlcer.
"It looks as though I will not have
much of an estate left, even if I do
finally get clear. The lawyers will have
it all." he remarked.
MAKES BIG INVESTMENT
IN SHASTA TIMBER LANDS
Thomas B. Walker of 3I!nnesota Buys
Valuable Holdings Froni the
Central Pacific Railway.
REDDING. Dec 21. — Thomas B.
Walker of Minnesota, -who is gradual
ly adding to his immense timber land
holdings in Shasta. Modoc and Siski
you counties, has purchased from the
Central Pacific Railway Company 11.
4 34.02 acres in this county lying be
iween Round Mountain and the Big
Bend region. The price paid was $C
;;n s.cre. Walker says he intends to
build an Immense lumber plant, with
railroad connections at Redding.
■ • ■
Mlowcd to Go on Probation
XAPA. Dec. 21. — R. E. Cross, con
victed of petty embezzlement while
acting as an agent for the Tour.g
Hardware Company, was sentenced by-
Justice Palmer to-day to forty days*
imprisonment in the county jail. Sen
tence was suspended, however, and
Cross was allowed to go on probation.
■ • ■
rri>ontT Dies From Pneumonia
I1EDDING. Dec. 21. — A- H. Gib
bons of Fresno, who was in the coun
ty jail here awaiting trial on a charge
of forgery, died this afternoon from
tmeuTr»onia.
AD VEKTI SE3IEXTS
f§*fc STOV.ACrt A
Strengthen the stomach and
digestive organs by taking;
a dose of the Bitters before
meals and you need not fear!
Heartburn, Bloating,
Nausea, Indigestion,
Dyspepsia or Constipa-
tion. Try it, to-day ; also!
get a free copy of our 1905
Almanac from your Drug-
gist. It contains much in-
teresting reading matter.
CALIFORNIA WOMAN'S
! HOSPITAL' I
The Annual Donation Days |
fOR THE
I FREE WARD j
Will Be Held on
I WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY
and FRIDAY, December
21. 22 and 23.
At the Following Places:
Messrs. GOLDBERG,
r BOWEN & CO/S, 233 Snuer st. I
THE D. SAMUELS LACE I
i HOUSE, 233 Sutter st
and at the
I HOSPITAL, 3118 Sacramento 1
Street.
An urgent appeal is made for
; help, as the need is unusually
great. Gifts of money, gro-
ceries, bed linen, etc* etc, will
be gratefully received.
CALL AT
Evatt ®> Hinkle
86 Third St.
HEW GOODS. HEW STORE.
Tor S lam <nn«. Watciei. Jewelry.
CARTERSl CURE S!CK HEAUACHE -
E3rrTL£ Genuine Must Bear
[flVER Fac-Simfle Signature
H PILLS. -r*^~ —
"SULTAN OF SULU"
A MELODIOUS
SCORE.
ONE OF THE "WIVES" IN "SUL
TAN OF SUL.V." SOON COMING
TO THE COLUMBIA.
The management of the Columbia
Theater announce that they will pre
sent on Monday night, December 2o.
"The Sultan of Sulu." This produc
tion is by Gtrorpe Ade. Alfred G.
Wathail has supplied the music and
the score is said to be tuneful and dig
nified, yet melodious. The piece is su
perbly staged, and the cast is strong.
The chorus consists of many pretty
giris who can dance and sing pleasing
ly and among them is Miss Bernice
Harte. Others of the cast are: Thomas
Whiffen. George O'Donnell. Walter A.
Lawrence. Fred Frear, Robert W.
Parkin. Willard Curtiss. James L. Ma
gee. Wiliam Hetherington. John J.
Fogarty. John T. O'Day. Maude Wil
liams, May Montford and Hazel Clay
ton.
MORE CHADWICK
PAPERS MISSING
Small Satchel Follows the
Trunk and Grip That
Have Dropped From View
CLEVELAND, Dec. 21.— Still another
sctchel. one thought by Receiver Loe
&er to contain valuables belonging to
Mrs. Chadwick. was to-day found to
be missing. This developed in an ex-
amination of Mrs. Mary Londraville,
Mrs- Chadwick's former housekeeper,
before Referee in Bankruptcy Reming
ton. The discovery is in addition to
the missing trunk and grip that dis
appeared from the Holland House in
New York the day before Mrs. Chad
wick was arrested.
Mrs. Londraville told of having ac
companied Mrs. Chadwick to the Hol
lenden Hotel here at the latter's re-
Quest and of having taken two satchels
into a room. Judge Albaugh of Canton
and several men, the witness said, were
present in an adjoining room. She
heard no conversation. Asked as to
what had become of the satchels the
witness replied: '
"I "was instructed to give the large
me to D. L. Pine of this city. I called
him up by telephone and told him
about it and asked him to come for it.
He arrived after Mrs. Chadwick had
left for New York and I gave It to
him."
The satchel, she said, contained let
ters and papers. She did not know
what had become of the other satchel.
When the hearing was resumed this
afternoon Pine was present. He ad
mitted that he took the satchel and
kept it until Emil Hoover, Mrs. Chad
wick's son, called for it lasfSunday
night. Emil told him that his mother's
attorney, J- P. Dawley, wanted it. He
said he was not curious as to what
the satchel contained, but thought
there were papers in it.
Receiver Loeser said he would ask
tht attorney to reveal the contents of
the satchel. The hearing was then con
tinued until Friday morning.
PASSENGER TRAIN STAMPED
IN A ST. LOUIS TUNNEL
Effect of Tender Plowing Alonz the
Floor Similar to That of an
Earthquake.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 21.— An incoming
Mobile and Ohio passenger train was
to-day stalled In the tunnel under the
downtown business section leading: to
Union Station as the result of an acci
dent that derailed the tender of the
engine. Nobody was injured, but the
paEser.geri and train crew suffered
from the clouds of smoke and gas
from the locomotive before the cars
could be taken out
The effect of the tender plowing
along the floor of the tunnel was simi
lar to that of an earthquake and many
persons in the big" buildings along
Eighth street, from St Charles to
Olive, fled to the streets.
3IRS. SHELDON DID NOT
SEE ; ALL OF THE CONGO
Rev. L. C. Vass Says Sl»e Traveled as
Government's Gnest on Beaten
Highway*.
NEW YORK, Dec 21. — Rev. L. C.
Vass. who spent more than five, years
in the Congo Free State, said to-day
that the statement made by Mrs.
French Sheldon in London recently
that she had spent a year in the Con
go and had seen no more atrocities
than she had seen in .the streets of
London was entirely natural in view
of the fact that Mrs. Sheldon traveled
as a suest of the Government on beat
en highways.
Enters Geological Survey.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— Elmer
E. Brown of 4 Berkeley has been, ap
pointed an engineer's aid in the Geo
logical Survey- service. .......' — „
THE SAN FRANCISCO X3ALL. ;THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1904.
STUDY DF SON
BY SCIENTISTS
Carnegie Institute Makes
Grant for Observatory to
Be Built on Mount Wilson
ELABORATE EQUIPMENT
Various New and Powerful
Instruments Will Be In
stalled in the New Station
I LOS ANGELES, Dec. 21.— The Ex
j press to-day says: To-day a telegram
| was received from Washington stating
J that the Carnegie Institute for the Pro
motion of Science, of that city, had
made a grant of $150,000 for use in 1905
j for the purpose of establishing a solar
i observatory on Mount Wilson. Its
j further equipment and maintenance
will be provided for by subsequent
j grants. It is estimated that the equip-
I ment of the observatory will cost not
less than $300,000.
Dr. George E. Hale, director of the
Yerkes observatory of the University
of Chicago, has been appointed director
of the solar observatory. In the work
he will be assisted by G. W. Ritchey,
i superintendent of instrument construc
j tion and assistant professor of prac
tical astronomy at the Yerkes Observa
tory, and by Ferdinand Ellerman and
Walter S. Adams, instructors in astro
physics at the Yerkes Observatory.
Plans for the establishment of a solar
r-observatory have been under consider
| ation by the trustees of the Carnegie
I Institute since 1902. In that year Dr.
I S. P. Langley recommended that an
observatory be built on a high moun
tain for the purpose of determining
whether the sun's heat is perfectly
constant in amount or undergoes,
changes observed in the sun spots and
! other phenomena of the sun's surface,
i and for other research of a similar na
! ture.
It is the purpose of the solar observ
atory to increase the world's stock of
knowledge of the sun and to apply
this knowledge in a general study of
stellar evolution. It will bring into
use for the first time various new and
powerful instruments, applied under
the best atmospheric conditions. One of
these instruments, a fixed reflecting
telescope about 200 feel long, is nearly
ready for trial. Another giant tele
scope is also under course of construc
tion. Parts of this telescope will weigh
as much as five tons each, and it will
be a difficult problem to transport them
to the summit of Mount Wilson. Th«
height of Mount Wilson is about 6000
feet.
WORK OF CONSTRUCTION
. TO GO AHEAD AT ONCE
Director of Western Pacific Railway
Announces That New Line Will
' Be Rapidly Completed.
STOCKTON, Dec. 21. — Fred M.
West, president of the Stockton Sav
ings and Loan Society Bank of this
city and a director in the Western
Pacific Railway, stated to-day that the
work of construction of the line will
begin in this vicinity at once. West
said:
"I have just returned from San
Francisco, where I had a conference
with David F. Walker, a banker and
one of the Salt Lake directors. He
stated that he was well satisfied with
the progress that was being made, and
that the work of construction would
begin from Stockton, San Francisco.'
Sacramento and other points in this
State immediately. Work is already
being prosecuted In Beckwlth Pass.
President W. J. Bartnett is on the
way from New York and will be in
Stockton the latter part of this week
in connection with the beginning of
operations here. The contract for the
entire construction work of the line
has been let to one firm."
ROSEVTLLE FRUIT-GROWERS
ANNOUNCE THEIR POSITION
Declare That They Always Will Give
the Preference to Desirable
White Help.
ROSEVILLE, Dec. 21.— A meeting
of the farmers and fruit-growers of
this section was held Tuesday to
consider the Japanese question, and
after a general discussion of the situ
ation the following resolution was
adopted:
Whereas, The people of RoseviUe have held
mecrtinse for the runote of driving out Jap
anese and Chinese labor.
Nr>w we, the farmers and fruit growers of
the surrounding country., declare that we hav»
the right to manage our own business affairs,
not that we desire' to hire Japanese or Chi
nese, but we demand and insist that we be
permitted to hire whom we please and teat
we be permitted to conduct our affairs In the
way that we believe to be to the best Interest
of ourselves and the reneral welfare of the
surrounding country. We first and always pre
fer desirable white help.
The resolution was signed by those
who attended the meeting, and a
committee was appointed to give it
general publicity, .v A
FT7GITTVE jrURDERER
IS CAUGHT AT MOJAVE
Santa Fe Switchman Who Killed Louis
Depene at Barstow Is Found
Hiclinc in a Car.
/SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 21.—
Frank C. Wilson, the Santa Fe switch
man, who killed Louis Depeue at
Barstow last night, was captured at
Mojave this afternoon by an ' offlcer,
who found him crouching in a corner
of a refrigerator car. Wilson admits
his guilt A mob Is waiting for Wilson
at Barstow. The Sheriffs office has
advised the officers to take him here
through Los Angeles over the South
ern Pacific _" . y :■'■- .■-;
NEW MUSICAL DIRECTOR.
Cafe Zlnkand Secures Services of Prof.
W. F. Hoffmann of New York.
Announcements are out for a special
grand concert at the r Cafe Zlnkand
Thursday evening:, December 22, the oc
casion being the reopening of that fa
mous establishment and also the presen
tation of Professor William F. Hoffmann
of New York as the new musical direc
tor. He was formerly concert-master of
Melba and Sembrlch and professor of
music at University School of Music,
Michigan. The interior of the Cafe
Zlnkand has undergone a marked change,
the entire cuisine has been revised and a
new system of most reasonable -charges
adopted. Tbe many Improved features
Introduced will be welcomed by former
patrons and fully, appreciated by the new.
" Jordan to Go on Lecture Tour.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 211
During the Christmas vacation" Presi
dent David Starr Jordan. will make an
extended lecture tour through Oregon
and "Washington. The principal ad
dresses will fbe made at Portland, Or.;
and Seattle, Wash. Stanford will close
ItA 'doors; for the semester on Thurs
day, December 22, to reopen on Jan
uary 10. v
, Removed to room 45, Phelan building.
DanlchefT Clove,' formerly 121 Grant ave.
C. Limousin. ,;■•. I .-■- •.,.•. ••;■■
FEDERAL JURY
INDICTS MAYS
Prominent Oregon Attorney
Is Charged With Complic
ity in the Land Frauds
ASSERTS HIS INNOCENCE
Accused Says That He Acted
as 'Piter's Legal Adviser
and Was Drawn Iuto Casei
PORTLAND, Dec. 2L— Franklin
Pierce Mays, one of the best known at- I
torneys In Oregon and a member of a
respectable pioneer family, was this j
morning indicted by the Federal Grand !
Jury now in session on the charge of j
conspiracy to defraud the Government- !
Mays says he simply acted as attorney i
for S. A. D. Puter, but there is no doubt !
that the strongest possible attempt will j
be made to bring him into the land I
fraud case much more closely. :
The lands with which Mays is con- {
nected. six quarter sections, lie in a'
township close to the famous "7-11"!
land on which McKinley, Watson and 1
Puter were recently tried and convicted J
of fraud. Puter, it is said, told Mays!
that no claims in that township had J
been filed. If patents could be obtain- J
ed the land could be profitably sold. !
Puter agreed to furnish the necessary !
names of supposed settlers and Mays j
was to get the patents, Puter putting !
up the money. It is here that Senator i
Mitchell and Representative Hermann |
are brought into the case. A letftr j
from Mays to Mitcheil introduced Puter
to the Senator and Mitchell introduced
Puter to Hermann. i
After these six claims had been put I
through the Eugene land office through j
the influence of, Marie Ware, then
United States Commissioner. Mays, it
is said, tried to induce Miss 'Ware to
run eight more through. Miss Ware
became frightened and wrote to Horace
McKinley for instructions. He told her
to refuse Mays, who then became
angry.
The indictment of Mays has been
talked of for several days and it is
said it has great bearing upon the con
nection of Senator Mitchell and Repre
sentative Hermann with the great land
frauds. Mitchell is now hurrying from
Washington to Portland.
Extraordinary precautions are being
taken by the Government to prevent
any attempt to bribe the members of
the Grand Jury. Many secret service
men are in the city and a close watch
is being kept on the jurymen.
HIBERNIANS OPPOSE
TREATY WITH ENGLAND
Ottler In Massachusetts Believes Such
an Alliance Would Lead
to War. „ '. "
BOSTON, Dec. 21.— The Ancient
Order of Hibernians of Massachusetts,
numbering 30,000 members, went on i
record to-day as opposing a treaty of j
arbitration between the United States f
and Great Britain. A letter inclosing
the protest was sent to the presidents
of each division of the order. The
resolutions declare "that the ratifica
tion of the treaty, coupled with the
willingness of John Hay, the Secre
tary of State, to take concurrent ac
tion with the British Government in
all the important. questions, may pre
cipitate war' with "one* or rrfbre of- the!
great powers of the world." Contln- I
uing, the resolutions say: i
Such a treaty of arbitration, thus obtained.
v.iii have all the force and effect that a
treaty of alliance would have and concurrent
action with | England under thfse conditions
■would Inevltabiy lead to war without the con
etnt of Conrress.
ANTI-SALOON LEAGUE
OUTLINES CAMPAIGN
Will Urge Recreation Halls for Sol
diers as Substitute for the
Canteen.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Dec. 21.— The
executive committee of the American :
Anti-Saloon League met here to-day j
and outlined plans for a legislative j
campaign. It was determined to j
make a fisht for: i
' The retention of the anti-canteen law. j
Sufficient additional appropriation to com- !
plete array post recreation hall;.
For effective prohibitory legislation for In
dian Territory, should' it be granted statehood.
The passage of the Hepburn-Dolllver bill to
prohibit the shipplne of liquor Into the new
Territories.
The league will ask for an appro
priation of $230,000 to build and com
plete the recreation halls at various
army posts which are intended, in a
way, as a substitute for the canteen.
PIGEON ,pOM CALIFORNIA
FLIES TO NEW YORK STATE
Carrier Belonsms to Adolph C. Ham
Believed to Have Made Un
paralleled Trip.
UTICA. N. Y., Dec. 21.— An ex
hausted carrier pigeon, which had on
its leg a tag Inscribed "A. C. H., 396."
has been\ found at Dolgeville, Her
klmer County, v,^
Adolph C. Ham, a pigeon fancier,
lived In Dolgeville until a year ago.
when he went to New Dolgeville, in
Southern California, taking his pigeons
with him. It is supposed that the bird
is one of his flogk which returned to
its old home. Such a flight, however,
is unparalleled.
. Bound Over to ' the Grand Jury.
TUCSON, Ariz., Dec. 2K — Jim
Fagan and \ A. E. Troxel were bound
over to the Territorial grand Jury to
day on the charge of murder . as a
result of the killing: of three Mexi
cans and the serious* wounding of
Harry Crpwell. a saloon-keeper, at the
Silver Bell mines, last week. The
fight grew out of a feud between
-American and Mexican miners. '
Narrowly Escapes Electrocution.
CHICO. Dec. 21.- — Frank Fltzsim
mons, employed by the Chico Electric
Light and Power Company, this morn-
Ing received a. severe shock Jot elec
tricity.Fitxsimmons took hold of a
live wire and. his body became per
fectly rigid. He then fell over like
a post and lay on the ground for some
time unconscious.
FREE FREE
PLUM PUDDINGS
MINCE MEAT.
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
ARMOUR
PACKING COMPANY'S
FAMOUS BRANDS. .
Free With ■ Every Small Ad in
7 Sunday CalL
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars..
m[ DAINTY MAPLE DESK j Wi Jw*
Wfy Made of maple, clear and white. ? ~ << *H|jgjft t y\ /iSMIS,
Wi !Avmins:tPr DncK? WW?^W^$ bS)k
Wls* --^'^^M^k^^W^ IF nt e r£rfec a tiy^mtt!£ ROCKER BEAUTY Jfg^&L
sQffi[/y """ Our Ciirirtmai delivery making somebody happy at vl^^J
IPyJ Massive Extension Table $25.00 *y*em *« perfect, w.^^*-^ haad _ 12 h3P . 1M®
feS /j Column center with gracefully carved claw caa safely prqzniie that py Ohri?tmases. Vfjfr "8
9&^gZ* feet. wit£ the thon**ad« of Rocker comes only in na- rt jf J
fc*v|}£m Made of weathered onk and the top is 45 _,«. +n >,,. ,*-,<„..,.-,. c ,* hocany finish. The b-autiful VS ?J
Skfy', incl-.es in diameter— extend? to six feet. fCUts to B * fl " 17e - e<1 Sa>t " latticed work in the back is HJ/Al
if&lJn A royal Christmas gift — and you can pay in tnara will not toe a made of 5-pIy mahosrany ve- KV&l
iM'-f^r 1^05. single fiissvpneiatmeat. . neer. tough aa sole leather. »^S|
MURDER STILL
DEEP MYSTERY
No Light Shed on the Iden
tity of the Girl Found
Dead on Top of
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. Dec.
21. — The police are as far from a clew
to the solution of the Cutler Mountain
mystery as ever, but their efforts are
beins redoubled.
The last clew that was in their hands
played out this morning when Ona D.
Hoyt, a pretty hairdresser, living in
this city, and who was reported to have
disappeared, was found safe at her
room in the Clinton Hotel.
The Coroner has in his possession no
less than forty hairpins that were
taken out of the coil of hair that re
mains on the head of the dead girl or
picked up at the scene of the attempted ';
cremation of the body. These hairpins j
are all of stiff wire, there being no j
small flexible ones and the number and
strength of the pins are taken to in
dicate that the growth of hair was un
usually heavy.
An increased number of officers is to
day engaged in the search through the
hills for evidence that may lead to the
discovery of the identity of the mur
dered girl or' of her slayer.
At their meeting to-day the County
Commissioners offered a reward of
$1000 for the arrest and conviction of
the murderer. -
Coroner Law burled the remains of
the girl to-day in Evergreen Cemetery,
in a lot provided by the county. The
body was put in a coffin and the latter
encased in a box, the County Commis
sioners offering to defray the expenses
of a decent burial for the girl rather
than permit her to be buried in the
grave of a pauper. •
George W. Childers. who, with W. S.
Maunder, is engaged In mining- in Bear
Creek Canyon, west of this city, to-day
save the Police Department a descrip
tion of a man and a woman who were
seen -twice in Bear Creek Canyon two
weeks ago. Childers thinks the woman
is the one who was found dead on
Cutler Mountain and that the man with
her was the murderer. " I
WOMAN KILLS HUSBAND
IN A. DESPERATE FIGHT
Colorado Man Loses His Life in Re
turn for an Unmerciful
Bca t injr.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., Dec. 21.
Mrs. William Gladden shot and killed
her husband to-day at their home in
Arequa Gulch, about three 1 miles south
of . Cripple Creek. She says that he
abused her and beat her unmercifully.
The house bore • signs • of an awful
struggle. . Furniture' /was smashed,
dishes and windows broken .and there
was a general destruction of the house
hold property.
Lar«re Land Sale Near Chico.
CHICO, Dec. 21.— One of th<» larg
est and most important land deals
made in this "vicinity ' for some time
was. consummated to-day when 137
acres of valuable property just north
of this . city was purchased by /W. J.
O'Connor. W. J. Costar and; J. B.
Stewart' ■ " r
■■ 100,000 people . In America . are using . the Re
gina music boxes.- Ask any of them what they
think of this wonderful Instrument. Sherman,
Clay & Co. .. • . ■. ' - ■ - • >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LINER STRUCK
BY TIDAL WAVE
Sea Washes Over Hurricane
Deck of the Kroonland on
Voyage to New York
NEW YORK, Dec. 21. — After a
stormy voyage, 'during which she was
struck by a tidal wave, the Red Star
Line steamshib Kroonland arrived to
day from Antwerp. The voyage was
the worst the vessel has ever experi
enced. There was' nothing but bad
weather from the time she left Antwerp
on the 10th until she was almost in
port-
On the morning of the 12th while the
vessel was making fair time In a strong
northwest gale she was struck by a tidal
wave which brought her to a stand
still and sent tons of water tumbling
over her decks. Pierroto, a j Belgian
cabin passenger, was standing under
shelter and close up to the deckhouse
amidships. He waff picked up and
thrown across the deck. When rescued
it was found his left leg had been
broken in two places. ■ A stewardess
went insane.
Officers of the Kroonland say that
when the wave struck the vessel the
water dashed higher than her funnels
and swept the hurricane deck.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
Quarter size American. $2 75 box 25. m Jf-
New Line to Scandinavia.
COPENHAGEN. Dec. 21.— It Is said
that a steamship. company, composed
of Norwegians and Americans, will
soon be Incorporated with a : capital
of $2,500,000. It is the purpose of the
incorporators to operate a line of
steamships between ports • of Sweden
and Norway and New York, starting
-with three ships of 10.000 tons each.
■■IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1BIIIIIBIIBIIII1I1II1I1B1
j AUCTION SALE! I
I 300 Vehicles of AH Kinds \
02 The balance of carriages and vehicles damaged by fire g
a at O'BRIEN'S CARRIAGE FACTORY, corner Golden Gate. »
§ aventxe and Polk street, will be offered at public auction |°
j ■ Thursday, December 22, at n.a. m. *
! § This is a compulsory sale not of cheap work, but of .the., g
IB best makes of stylish vehicles, which:will have to be sold ir- B
■ respective of cost, without reserve or* limit, in order to enable g
U us to make room to put an extra story on the building and re- a
H construct our basement floor. £*
a Chance of a lifetime to buy nine passenger brakes, coun-- B
O try club wagons, high-grade Surreys, Toomey Bike Carts, H
H Ball-bearing Buggies, O'Brien patent spring business wagons, q
a - a number of children's pony vehicles, a lot of light express !Q
fl and delivery wagons, finished and unfinished, whips, robes,
■ etc., etc., etc. '. _____■ *■*• S
J >: O'BRIEN ®> SONS, john j. doyle g
a Golden Gate Ave. and Polk St. Auctioneer. • ■
BBBBZ2BIEBIIBBBBBBBBSBaBBBDOasaaaSBaaSllIiaBBaBB9 <*
PREFERS JAIL
TO PAYING FINE
Portland House Owner Says
He Is Victim of Persecution
by the Plumbers' Trust
PORTLAND. Ore.. Dec 21.— Rather
than pay a fine of $10 imposed by Po
lice Judge Hogue for refusin.tr to com
ply with the conditions of the city
plumbing ordinance, John Landisan.
who owns considerable property, went
to jail this morning. He created a sen
sation in court by declaring: himself
to be a victim of persecution, alleging
that the Plumbers' Union was respon
sible for his arrest, and that the city
is at the mercy of a "plumbers' trust."
Landigan owns a house at Seventh
and Sheridan streets, which he rented.
Last August complaint was made
against him by Plumbinjr Inspector
Hume. Landigan failed to remedy- the
alleged defects and was summoned to
court again this morning, the inspector
appearing against him. Landizan con
ducted his own case. He asked Hume
a number of questions which the court
thought Irrelevant, and was told to
'"talk sense." Having been found euilty
end fined $10, he fiercely denounced
those who he says are responsible for
his "persecution."
Special sale of souvenir shavins muss
and shaving outfits. Deckelxnan Bros,
106 E1U3 street. •
New California Postmasters.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 21. — One ad
ditional letter carrier Is authorized for
the San Francisco postoCIce to" begin
December 31. Lyman O. Calkins has
been appointed postmaster at Ingle
wood; Grace L. Nichols at Cohasset;
Claude B. Wright at Concord. Butts
County, CaL~
ADVERTISEMENTS.
78
THE SAN-FRANCISCO CALL
"toOs. I). SPIXKCKELS. . •"••• Proprietor
ADDHESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUGUT • • j •_• j_« • >_' ""^: Manager
rcnuCATXOS orriccTT. third and market streets, sax francisco
THURSDAY DECEMBER 22. 1904
FEDERAL IRRIGATION.
THE National Irrigation Association, which seems to be an alias
for Mr. Maxwell, is largely in evidence in an attack on Senator
Hansbrough of North Dakota, one of the authors and promo
tors of the Federal irrigation law. .Mr. Maxwell in his incorporated
capacity has memorialized Congress in a general attack on the
Senator, and belabors him with the same fervor he used in attack
ing the Modesto and Turlock districts in this State, to prevent their
completion of one of the finest irrigation plants in the world, which
is now fertilizing a quarter of a million acres of land.
The Federal irrigation fund now amounts to about $30,000,000.
it is lu be hoped that it will not come to be considered a companion
pork barrel to the river and harbor bill. It is growing at the rate
«»f $3,000,000 a year by the sales of the public land. Mr. Maxwell has
:ried hard to stop this increment by lobbying for repeal of existing
land laws, under which alone does the irrigation fund get additions
id its volume. Senator Hansbrough seems to favor not only the
enlargement of the fund, but its conservation, by putting its ex
penditure under proper official and professional supervision. To do
this he has proposed that a supervising engineer be appointed by
\he President, who under direction of the Interior Department shall
have general supervision and direction of the engineering work re
<mired by the law.
At present this task is assigned to an employe of the Geological
Survey, who has neither the time for the work nor the compensation
10 justify his giving the attention it needs.. It is easy to foresee
that under such circumstances the fund will begin to spring leaks.
The Government has a military engineer in chief, who has super
vision of the large -expenditures made under the engineer corps of
the army. That system deposits authority and responsibility in one
place. The authority is ample as the responsibility requires, and
the effect is to protect the public funds. It is doubtful if authority
and responsibility can be found hand in hand anywhere in the
administration of the. Federal irrigation law. Each work now in
progress seems quite independent of any relation to any other
work, and if there be any connection between them it is through a
subaltern of a subordinate of the Interior Department.
We submit that a work as great as this, presenting as many
complexities, and implying such ultimate risks to the national treas
ury, was never before left as slipshod in respect to oversight and
exactness in administration. Government, of necessity, does such
things wastefully and therefore there are safeguards, audits, coun
tersigns and all sorts of riffles established by law to catch things as
they flow and reduce to the minimum the inevitable waste. To say
that this stupendous experiment and enormous expenditure of money
shall go on under the normal conditions of Government waste, with
out the safeguards proved necessary by experience, is to utter folly
of the flathead brand.
It is not proposed to disturb in any way the present corps of
construction engineers, nor to revise or cancel existing contracts, or
in any way check the.progress of work now under way. But it is
proposed to put it alKunder the direction of a supervising engineer
of the highest qualifications, equal to those of the chief engineer of
the army, in whose office and under whose eye every plan made,
contract let, dollar expended, shovel of dirt moved and drop of
water impounded shall be focused.
Those who are to occupy the lands irrigated and pay back the
expenditures of the Government have rights in the matter and the
most at stake. It is already known that the cost of works under way
will be $20 for every acre irrigated. That has to be paid back by
ihe man who occupies the land. When it is known that the cost
per acre of the irrigation plant in the Modesto and Turlock districts
is $10 per acre, the interest of the land holder looms largely. The
Modesto and Turlock plant was not a Government enterprise, and
economy and efficiency went together in its construction. One may
easily see that it would be a blessing to the future landholders in
the Federal irrigation districts if the burden per acre could be as
low. It may not make any difference to Mr. Maxwell, \\vho is not
going to farm any of that land, but will gratify his agricultural heart
by farming the farmers, but it does make a great difference to a
tiller of the soil whether the Government mortgage on his land is
$10 an acre or $20. He has to take 'the risk of frost and wind and
weather, equip his land with buildings, teams and implements, sup
port his family and pay off a mortgage of $20 an acre in a limited
time. Farmers read this who have undertaken such jobs and they
wince at the recollection. Senator Hansbrough seems to be ac
cused of entertaining the malign purpose of making the mortgage
as light as possible. Whereupon the National Irrigation Association
is incensed and calls names and is afraid !
That association in its corporeal form, which preceded its cor
porate form, as the abalone precedes its shell, undertook for a
salary of $30,000 a year paid by the Western railroads to get ap
propriations for irrigation direct from the treasury. When Senator
Hansbrough proposed to derive the fund from the sale of the public
land the corporeal part of the association fought it. Finding it
would pass, the abalone acquired its shell by incorporation, in which
form it claimed a caveat on all plans for irrigation. There is a
suspicion now that it desires to stop accretions to the irrigation fund
and to use a bungstarter on what is already in the barrel, in order
to make good its contract to get direct appropriations. We shall see.
NO surprise can be occasioned by the news that Czar Nicholas
has decided that the interests of his empire cannot be ad
vanced by granting the national constitution and assembly
prayed for by the recently adjourned assembly of the Zemstvos'
Though dispatches from St. Petersburg give assurances that the
Czar is contemplating' granting a programme of reform, it is stated
with positiveness that this programme contains nothing so unheard
of as the toleration of an assembly of the people or a constitution for
the people.
The nature of this munificent concession which is to be made
to the desires of the people can be well guessed at after a review
vi former beneficent reforms that have sprung from the throne at
St. Petersburg. Probably it will provide that in case of bread riots
the knout may be supplanted by imprisonment for offenders; that
Tews may celebrate the Passover without fear of receiving any more
serious harm from local police than the breaking of their windows and
the insulting of their rabbis ; that army conscription will be waived
in the cases of all those bringing testimony to show that no less
than ten individuals are dependent upon them for support. It is
just possible that students will be allowed to choose their own uni
versity instead of being forced to attend the institution of their dis
trict. It is even within the bounds of probability that peasants may
have a hand in the disposition of local revenues.
Aside 'from these hypothetical reforms the wheels of Nicholas'
Government will assuredly find no hindrance to their grinding.
Mounted police will ever be ready to ride down on the crowd that
gathers to give sanction to a popular appeal. Bureaus and bureau
crats, installed in high places, will continues to conspire together, for
the maintenance of the close corporation on freedom and liberty
inviolate from the touch of the festering common people. The peas
ant remains a peasant; the aristocrat an aristocrat. And still Holy
Russia at the behest of her Czar fights the heathen Japanese as the
champion of Christendom. <
Some of the .States of the South have been seeding to attract white
laborers, but with little success. Although many of the Immigrants to the
ITnited States come from southern .countries and the South ought, to attract
them, yet the better'' class of them desire educational facilities for their
children and the assurance of equal opportunities with natives for getting on
in life and becoming citizens, conditions that do not exist in the South to the
degree they do in the.Xorth and West It is not to be doubted that* the
treatment of the negroes and social and political condition?, as they are
renerslly represented In the South, act as a deterrent to industrial settlers in
that section. — Omaha Bee. .;
HOLY RUSSIA.
THE: SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY.^DECEMBER 22. 1904.
IN A DAY'S SHOPPING
5 HE was young and had lived al
ways in the suburbs where life
rolled smilingly under clear skies,
sweet enough, to be sure, but just
i a trifle uninteresting. There were i
: times even when she was that little j
girl, when she had craved the tonic of
the world's uglier moods, burned to see
it at' its fiercest, as indifferent to hu- I
man beings as if they were ants. j
This may have been mere youth and j
inexperience, or it/may have been be- !
cause she was surfeited with beauty.
j Was not her home the most imposing j
! in Farville? Inside the house an ex
quisite quiet reigned — a sort of hal
lowed stillness that made her want to j
• shout and whoop in defiance. i
! Her sisters were "the beautiful King '
girls." She herself, as a chance re- j
mark had informed her, was "the plain j
one." At the moment she had felt;
deeply mortified. She hadn't supposed
it was so bad as; all that From this
time her distaste for beauty grew more
marked, and in one of those heated
moments that will occur even between
the best of sisters, had said plainly
j that she was "sick and tired of their
j everlasting beauty!" With this ob
! servation she had made a rapid but
highly characteristic departure from th©
room and the family beauties had
i grinned at each <>ther knowingly.
; "She's a funny little sister," observed
I Elaine indulgently, a remark that was
I met by Bertha's "thoughtful, "I wonder
' why she is so Mtter against beauty?
! She's not half bad herself. She's un
i usual, the restless little monkey!"
! And, indeed, this view of her appear
; a nee was shared by a man who had
: on more than one occasion allowed him
< self to look at her the second time,
I though she was unconscious of his
i very existence. Her trips to New York
! invariably led her to one destination,
i and there he had come to watch for
her.
The mother ar/d the beautiful sisters
never knew, any : more than they knew
her keen interest in the gloomy in
teriors visible from the elevated trains,
that their youngest was in the habit of
rushing through her shopping at the
high-class stores, where they had
credit, and then betaking herself pell
mell to a great Sixth-avenue depart
ment store, where, as she passed
through the revolving doors, she felt
with a shiver of delight that she
plunged into the stream of life.
The Jostling and crowding, the
teeming exhibits that overran counters
and were forever falling to the floor,
the near-silk, near-silver and near
gold commodities that filled the place
so lavishly, far from offending her
taste, stirred her fancy oddly, and she I
sauntered up and down the long aisles, j
alive with that suppressed excitement
that is one of the keenest emotions
life had to offer and indifferent to the
buffetings of the crowd which seemed
to her delightfully good-natured, if a
little lacking In form.
But the spot that she loved best
of all was the broad landing of the
marble stairaces that swirled grandly
upward from the center of the first
floor with a magnificence that was
dazzling even for a department store.
This landing formed a balcony, rich
with Oriental rugs and upholstered
furniture, and, most desirable of all,
it commanded a panoramic view of
the floor beneath.
WITH THE MERRYMAKERS
Longings.
The kiddies long for Santa Claus
And for the pack he brings,
And Pa's face, too, Is very long
(For Pa, he buys the things).
— New York Sun.
Two Abbreviations.
"Mamma, what does 'hon' mean? It
says here 'Hon.* Tom Watson. What
is 'hon.?' "
"Oh, that's only an abbrevation.
'Hon.' means honorable>"
"Well, mamma, who is the Honorable
Tomerable Watson, anyway?"— New
York Herald.
Off and On.
Pretty Girl— How d'ye do, Mr. Dob
son? I'm surprised to see you a sales
man. The last time I saw you you were
an actor. What took you off?
Philosophic Salesman — Eggs — bad
ones! But you — I hear you're a great
MAKING THE PUNISHMENT
FIT THE CRIME.
A London paper "which^. is suggesting future states for various classes
of persons >thinks the reckless automobilist' ought to go to a place where
imps would tie him down to stakes and then run auto cars at' high
speed on each side of his prostrate form, just "shaving" him as they
c° b y* ' iff Wi WMWfllTOIIlMMffflr ; ' .... .
BY KEITH GORDON
Here "the youngest" often sat for ,
an hour or so at a time, with her
chin resting on the railing and her";
eyes fixed .greedily on the scene be
low, a fascinated^ spectator of .one of
the best theatrical productions" that
the big, round world has to offer.
The man — he was an artist and he
haunted the balcony o"n the lookout
for types — had noticed that she usual
ly came, out of her absorbed contem
plation of the scene below her with a
start, glanced in a dazed way at the
bold-faced clock near by and then fair
ly scampered down the flowing marble
stairs and melted away in the crowd.
Not being a mind-reader he could not
know that she was wondering If there
v/as any chance of catching the 3:50
or how on earth she should explain i
Now his watching became
eager, intense.
her absence since 9:30 by the pur
chase of six yards of Val lace?
But the studies of her face and head
in his small sketchbook multiplied
and the oftener he drew her the more
dissatisfied he became. Always he
just missed catching the spirit of her,
the youth, the interest, the ardor and
the innocence of her glance, of every
line and movement, for it seemed to
his artist's eye that she was a very
marvel of expression.
It was about this time that the pub
lishers for whom he did more or less
work sent him a book for illustration,
and as he read the manuscript it
seemed the very girl of the balcony
who had wandered into its pages. By
some strange fate the lines that he
selected as the pictorial points told
a tale. "She stood looking down at
the throng below her, breathless, ab
sorbed," was one; "Malvern, watch-
euccess on the boards. What took you
on?
Pretty Girl— Legs— good ones!— Town
Topics.
All Depends.
"A man is apt to sympathize with
the under dog in a fight," remarked the
Observer of Events and Things, "un
less, perhaps, he happens to own the
dog on top." — Yonkers Statesman.
Posting Him.
The New Waiter— Don't the patrons
complain about the food?
Tips— Nawl They spend so much
breath kicking on the service that they
are ready for anything.— Chicago News.
Some girls run madly after men.
And tangle them . in talk,
Demureness tries a slower gait,
And wins out In a walk.
—Cincinnati Commercial Tribune.
ing her, recognized that of the thou
sands-she was the one," was another,
and the pictures composed themselves
in his brain with a precision that
could not be gainsaid.
He had watched for her before with
dreamy pleasure. Now his Watching
became eager, intense. His fingers
itched to tell the story — tell it, as he
knew he could, as he had never told
a story before. Once, indeed, she had
glanced toward him with a rfute in
terrogation that went from his book
and pencil to his face. But he had
quickly feigned an absorption that
must have convinced • her, for she
turned away and glanced toward him
no more. V. .
It was not until after the pictures
had gone from him, not until the ab
sorbing work of weeks was ended,
leaving his mind temporarily as blank
as a room denuded of its furniture,
that any doubt of what he had done
assailed him. Then, with some con- !
sternation he realized that the world •
is very full of people, a fact that for
the past weeks had escaped him en- |
tirely. He had thought of it as peo- <
pled exclusively like the Garden of
*Kden — simply herself and him. Now
a sudden consciousness that his story
lay in an open' book, for others as
well as her to read, made him trem
ble. It had seemed the only way to
bring her out of the vague atmos
phere and into the circle of known
things. Now, he wondered if his I
method were not too blatant — if it
would not make her shrink farther
back into the crowded outer circle,
and with a sort of miserable, hopeless
patience he awaited the appearance
of the book.
"Who is the girl?"
Kendry. an artist friend, was look
ing at the proofs and he scowled and
narrowed his eyes in an effort to re
call the face in the picture before
him. Then a light dawned and his
brow smoothed.
"I say, it's uncommonly like that
little King girl — the sister of the
beauties. I, didn't know that you
knew them."
The maker of the pictures shook
his head with well assumed indiffer
ence.
"Never heard of them. I think.
Where do they live?"
His voice didn't sound natural to
himself, but Kendry was absorbed in
the pictures and apparently did not
notice.
"Farville," he answered absently,
and the other took courage.
"That's a mere face in the crowd,"
he tossed oft! airily. "Found it in a
Sixth-avenue department store." Ken
dry showed his disbelief.
"If they/ have that sort in depart
ment stores," he observed, "I think
I'll go to one of them to get me a
wife." To which his listener had the
temerity to answer:- "Do you know,
the same thought has crossed my
mind."
The next post carried an advance
copy of the book to Miss Katherine
King, Farville, N. J. As she glanced
at the pictures she tingled with de
ligrht. The great, swirling river of life
had caught -her up at last, no longer
passing her by as if she were but a
part of its smiling shore. She swept
into her mother's room without cere
mony.
"Mamma," she said breathlessly, "I
must, . I really must go to town to
morrow for a day's shopping."
Something told her he would be
waiting! j
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
$5000 BUTTERFLY
Schoolboys and children of larger
growth were much excited recently at
the news that Lord Rothschild had
paid no less than $5000 for a butter
fly. Collections hitherto .regarded as
worth a few marbles or a top suddenly
assumed a value hitherto unknown.
, Inquiry at the entomological branch
of the British Museum considerably
dampened the prospects of a boom in
butterflies.
"It is extremely unlikely," said the
superintendent to our representative!
"The highest price ever yet given for
a butterfly was £16. That was paid
by the Hon. Walter Rothschiid and
was thought to be very high. • Of
course. Lord Rothschild may have
given £1000 for the whole expenses of
the expedition to get this specimen,
but I should say it was highly im
probable." — London Daily News.
IN ADVERSITY
In adversity emulate the iron endur
ance of the fox, who would be skinned
alive rather than cry out.
Keep a stiff upper lip. Never com
plain except to those who you know
will help you. In other words, never
~ When you need help (and there
come such times to the best of us) go
last of all to those whom you have had
occasion to assist.
Go prepared with eau de cologne in
case you should receive the shock of
the unexpected.
It sometimes happens : that you re
ceive assistance from the most unex
pected sources. — New Y"ork Times.
CHILD WEDDINGS
The custom of marrying girls when
they are mere children of 9 or 10 years
Is increasing rather than decreasing,
in Bengal and other parts of India.
The resulting racial degeneration is
becoming so obvious that laws have
been j passed in j several regions for
bidding the marriage of girls under 14.
ANSWERS
EXPOSITION— A. N. I*. City. The
Pan-American Exposition held in Buf
falo, N. Y., was opened May 1. and
closed November 2, 1901.
JENNY LIND—W. P., Pleasanton,
Cal. Jenny Lind Goldsmith, the fa
mous singer known as the Swedish
Nightingale, died November 2, 1887.
AGAfN AND BEEN— Subscriber,
Newman, Cal. Again, according to the
best authorities, is pronounced a-gen
or. a-gane with the sound of,a as in
fate, name or date. Been is pronounced
asbin qr.bene with the sound of e as i n
meet.
Time to send Townsend's , Glace Fruits
by Express. for Christmas. j •
Townsend f s California Glace fruits in
artistic nre-etched. boxes. v 716 Market at.
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Qaiu
Xornla street* Telephone Main lftiX, v*
*THE SMART SET*
BY SALLY SHARP.
An interesting event will take place
in January attracting the attention of
society in the circles of soldiers and
civilians. A benefit for the Naval Club
house at Vallejo, under the auspices of
General and Mrs. . McCalla, will be
given at the Columbia Theater. The
presentation of Henry Arthur Jones'
•"The Liars" is now in preparation, the
following well-known people to be in
the cast: Mrs. J. Wilson Shiels. Miss
Frances* Jolliffe, Mrs. Mark Gerstle.
Mrs. Frank Mathieu, Mrs. H. McD.
Spencer, Dr. J. Wilson Shiels, Lloyd
Lowndes, H. McD. Spencer, Norman
Kastland, William Smith, R. M. Hotal
ing, Royden Williamson.
The wedding of Misa Jessie Burns
and Horatio F. StollVwill take place on
Thursday, January 12, at S:30 p. m.
in Calvary Presbyterian Church. Ths
bride's attendants are to be: Miss
Florence Rochat. maid of honor; Miss
Elizabeth Duffey, Miss Florence Boyd,
Miss Ellen Page. Miss Emily Rochat.
Miss Alice Brady, Miss Marthe Chevret,
bridesmaids. The groom will be served
by Dr. Robert Burns, the ushers to
be Dr. Frederick Fritchl, Dr. Paul
Burns. James Firth, Ernest Rochat.
Edgar. Jones, John Beatty.
. After the ceremony, performed by
Rev. John Hemphill, a reception will
be held In the California Hotel. .Miss
Burns is an accomplished pianist, is
well known among professional musi
cians and is a member of the San
Francisco Musical Club. Dr. Stoll has
been for several years city editor of the
Argonaut.
Dr. Alice M. Goss, who has been vis
iting the leading hospitals of New
York, Boston and Chicago for the past
several months, has returned to San
Francisco. Her many friends are ex-
PRAISES THE CALL
HEAD OF STATE FLORAL SOCIETY
SPEAKS HIGHLY OF "CRUSADE
IjY BEHALF OF CULTURE
AND BEAUTY."
CALIFORNIA STATE FLORAL SOCIETY.
San Francisco, December 21, 1904.
Editor The San Francisco Call,
San Francisco.
Dear Sir:
I have noticed that The San Francisco Call
is offering as an inducement for new subscribers a
choice selection of roses, instead of the regulation
cheap chromos, or more or less useless trinkets;
The innovation ~ is to be highly commended.
Flowering plants improve and beautify the neigh
borhoods in which they are planted and add ma
terially to the brightest and best side of the lives of
those who learn to cultivate and love them.
I trust that The Call will extend its floral dis
tributing field to other classes of flowers.
With best wishes for the success of your cru
sade in behalf of culture and beauty, I am, .
Yours very truly,
EMORY E. SMITH,
President California State Floral Society.
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A Modish House Dress of Light Broxvn Etamine Trimmed in |
Bands of Ecru Broadcloth and Ecru Lace. A Folded Broad
Girdle of; Brown Panne Velvet. Confines the Waist. The
Bodice Closes Ittvisibly in the Back.
tending her warm welcome in he:-
DrettS apartments. 17'J- Slitter street.
- ' :* - ■'■*.': • ■'■
The marriage is announced of Mr*
Isabel Lockwoud of New York an i
Alexander Pollock, brother of .Mi.« ;
Adelaide Pollock of this city. The **.>.
ding occurred on December 7 in N>..
York City, after which Mr. ami Mr*.
Pollock left f»>r their new home in
Mr. and Mrs. Emile Bruguiere hav«
returned from New York and win
spend the holidays at their hom* in
Monterey. . . •
Mr. and Mrs. WakeneJd Baker will
honor their niece, Miss Helen Thomas,
by giving a dance on December «fi In
their home. The younger set exclu
sively is to be asked and delightful in
formality will characterize the whola
affair.
Miss Malsle Langhorne will be th
guest of honor to-day at a lunch<v>
given by Mrs. Hyde-Smith.
Mrs. Frederick Kohl entertained a
dozen guests at dinner on Monday eve
ning, the .occasion being in honor of
Rev. Father Sessnow of Washington.
D. C
Commander and Mrs. C B. T. Moor*
sail to-day for Samoa, where Com
mander Moore will fill the Governar
ship at Tutuila, the position now oc
cupied by Commander Underwood.
The California Club will celebrat*
Founders' day next Tuesday by giving
a breakfast at Pioneer HalL This ii
an annual event looked forward to with
much interest by the members of this
club, whose welfare Is an important
feature in their thoughts.CHRISTMAS BOOKS THAT
ARE WORTH READING.
THF "HPFFIkf PHPTS" RY D\Hi F
SOME HOLIDAY VOLUMES PUBLISHERS OFFER
"The Greek Poets — an Anthology."
by Nathan Haskell Dole, is one of ihr
'best books of solid literature that thf
Christmas market affords. Thougr
most of ihe lovers of the classic pre
fer lo read their treasures in the
original Greek, to the many who have
not the command of dead tongues
translations offer the only avenue
back to the glories of the golden age
of letters. This anthology, ther.,
which embraces the best English
translations of every Greek poet
■whose work has stood the test of the
ages past, should fill an important
r.iche in the library of every broad
leader.
Mr. Dole has used careful discrim
ination in the choice of his transla
tions. In many instances he throws a
many-sided reflection upon the orig
inal poem by citing Quotations from
several standard translators. The
fourteen fragments of Sappho are
given in the various poetic concep
tions of such as Edwin Arnold, Dante
♦iabriel Rosetti, Swinburne and Lord
Byron. For the Homeric poems
Chapman and Pope are, of course,
drawn upon heavily. Tennyson's trans
lations of fragments appear, Elizabeth
HarrerBrowning contributes and Wil
liam Maginn. discredited by some,
Iinds place. Under the head of Eurip
ides Shelley's "The Cyclops" and
Browning's "Alkestis" supplement the
translations of Gilbert Murray. Ed
ward Fitz-Gerald's "Oedipus at Co
lonos" furnishes the greatest material
for extracts from Sophocles.
"The Geek Poets" covers a wide
ia-nge and contains all that is of the
best in the classics of the Greeks. The
book is handsomely printed and
bound, suitable to the holiday season.
(T. Y. Crowell & Co., New .York:
price, cloth, $2.)
If elaborate bindings and excellent
Hustrations were all that Is needed
o make a book good Joel Cook's
•Switzerland and the Rhine" could be
:nqualiliedly recommended. This
olume is as attractive as the art of
AD VLIRTISEM EXTS.
Xfi Move
As the building has been leased. In
consequence our entire stock of Fine
Fur Garments, Boas, Muffs, etc., must
be reduced before January 1.
Neck Boas $3 Up
Genuine Mink Stoles and Four-in-
Hands, SIO up.
Genuine Black Marten Muffs, ?12 up.
Sable Fox Muffs, $12 up.
Near Seal Jackets, ?32 up.
Some uncalled-for garments, in-
cluding Sealskin Jackets, will be sold
for the amount of charges due.
Rooms /fi3£* n "WN
7 to n. /<£+ r~\
Quarters \ {"-*.««.»»•»%*» »«j /
To Be \ 12i /
no^ced \^T.57>/
Very soon ~*^ •>*'.'
The makers of
LIEBIG COMPANY'S
Extract of Beef
have always tried to help along the
cause of good cooHng everywhere by
supplying hcisekeepers "with useful
cook books giving recipes for the easy
i preparation of appetizing dishes.
I Scad ronr address on a portal to Cornenie
• David & Co., 103 En&soa &., New Tork, and
I you will receive ose, free, by t**^.
Palace °on*t fail to
i aiaww Eee the bcautiful
4 COURT Lounging
3T]Q room, the EMPIRE
UUU parlor, the
C~~~A PALM ROOM, the
Ifranfl LOUIS XV PAR.
n^l^^ DIES ' WRITING
Hotels room.
MAUVAiS MUSIC CO.
833 MARKET ST.. OPP. HASON.
HOLIDAY GIFTS ON INSTALLMENTS.
the bookbinder can make it and many
excellent illustrations in photogravure
embellish its pages, but as reading it
is not much. The author cannot
break with the standard guide book
methods and as a consequence his
work is a very complete guide to the
countries covered, and little else. .
(Henry T. Coates & Co., Philadel
phia; price J2 40.)
A holiday book that must find favor
with every one who has at home some
little folk to recall the days when life
was youngr and very fresh is "The Age
of Innocence" by "Walter , Russell.
Though many have been the books of
late that have sought to find the re
flection of childish joys and sorrows
and to mirror the soul of the little one
before the elders' fond eyes, no writer
has caught the spirit of the "age of
innocence" more aptly than this one.
"Remember the long, happy days of
summer before you ever dreamed of be
ing a grown-up? asks the author at the
very start; and before one has finished
the first chapter he remembers those
days as if they were yesterday and
the memory brings up something of a
longing — a half whispered wish that
those days might come again. But
best through Mr. Russell's eye can we
catch that vista of green woods, of
musty hay barns and flower dotted
meadows that lies behind somewhere.
To read of these things Is to envy all
little persons who are still cutting their
second teeth.
Since Mr. Russell Is as apt with the
brush as with the pen he has furnished
the illustrations for his own book— full
page miniatures of the most fascinat
ing children. They add greatly to the
book's worth.
(Dodd, Mead & Co., New York; illus
trated; price $2 00.)
"Flower Fables and Fancies" by N.
Hudson Moore is another attractive
holiday volume and one unique. In this
book the writer follows the course of
the various flowers through song and
story, recounting all of the legends
clustered about special blossoms and
detailing the part flowers have had to
play in the lives of many whom the
world has counted great. Mohammed
loved the violet, calling it "flower of
humility;" the lotus was the sacred
flower ordained by Buddha to be the
symbol of his authority on earth; a
red and a white rose once sank their
roots Into the best blood of England.
Thus are the significant histories of all
the common blossoms recited by the
author. Excellent illustrations from
photographs and artistic marginal dec
orations make the book a dainty gift.
(Frederick A. Stokes Company, New
York; price $1 60.)
Among the many holiday editions
de-luxe of the poets brought out by
PERSOXAIj.
A. J. Benson of Chicago Is »t th» St.
Francis.
Dr. T. R. Heinti of Redding 1« at
the Palace.
Rev. W. D. Barber of Victoria Is at
the Occidental. • •
Dr. G. P. Currier of Maukato, Minn.,
Is at the Grand.
L. T. Hatfleld. a Sacramento attor
ney, is at the Occidental.
E. S. Torrence of San Dlero arrived
at the Palace last night.
Dr. George Rothganger, TJ. 8. N., Is
a guest at the Occidental.
Gilbert D. Boalt, a fruit-grower of
Palermo, is at the Occidental.
E. O. Miller, a Vlsalia banker and
oil man, is staying at the Palace.
J. R. Campbell and wife of Oil City,
Pa., are registered at the St. Francis.
George R. Stewart, a well-known
stockman of Crows Landing, is staying
at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Wallace of Pasax
dena are among the latest arrivals at
the Palace.
Hancock Banning, capitalist and
ship-owner of Los Angeles, registered
yesterday at the Palace.
T. E. Gibbons, general counsel of
the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt
Lake road, is at the Palace.
W. D. Joiner is among a number of
citizens of Nevada City who are reg
istered at the Grand and came to this
city to see the Britt-Xelson fight.
M. Dreyfus, a nephew of Captain
Dreyfus, whose dismissal from the
French army and Imprisonment on a
charge of treason, ending in his re
lease, created a world-wide sensation
a few years ago, is registered at the
Palace. The nephew lives in Paris
and makes occasional trips to this
country.
Callfornians In New Tork.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21. — The follow
ing Callfornlans arrived In New Tork
to-day:
From San Francisco — S. Bernstein,
at the Astor; J. Parrott, at the Al
bemarle; G. Gutsch, at the Belve
dere; F. Redwood, at the arerett.
From San Jose — A, P. Denike, at
the Hoffman.
Fall hats, 1904. just arrived, nobbier
thaa ever. Tom Dillon & Co., opp Palace.*
PRINCE FUSITO1I WILL
ABANDON SOUTHERN TRIP
Japanese Nobleman Decides to Travel
Down the Coast Only as Far
as Monterey.
That Prince Fushimi is well pleased
with the white steed presented to him
by his Japanese admirers in this city
i is plainly evidenced by the deep in
! tere*t he takes in the handsome ani
1 mal. Yesterday the Prince journeyed
; out to Golden Gate Park to again
! mount and ride the horse and returned
I to the St.. Francis Hotel seemingly
! much refreshed with his, afternoon's
sport.
It was his Intention to leave for Mon
terey in the afternoon, but he deferred
his departure until to-day. He has
also abandoned the trip to Santa Bar
bara, he having concluded that it
would consume too much of the time
before he departs for Japan.
Will Soon Move to New York.
Arrangements are being completed
at the Wells, Fargo & Company's
building oh New Montgomery street
for the removal of the general audit
ing and general cashier's departments)
toNew York on the first of the new
yt»ar. The offices of the president of the
express company were moved to New
York a number of months ago and the
removal of-the general auditing. and
cashier's departments to the same city
is for the purpose of having . all \ the
general offices of the company housed
together in the company's new build
in z at 51 Wall street.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALIi, THURSDAY. 22, 1904.
the publishers none are more artistic
than the selected poems of John
Boyle O'Reilly, which have come from
the Tomoye press here in San Fran
cisco. Richard Hovey, for many years
an intimate of the Irish poet, furnishes
a brief introduction, which gives a
cameo cut of the poet's personality.
Clear type impressions upon heavy
paper and a delicately stamped limp
leather cover give the little book a
distinctive tone.
(Paul Elder & Co.. San Francisco;
price Jl 25.)
President David Starr Jordan's
beautiful allegory of the fife of Chris
tianity, "The Wandering Host," has
been reprinted for holiday gift-giving
by an Eastern publishing house. For
beauty of imagery and the sustained
note of exalted faith expressed Dr.
Jordan's little sermon has not been
equaled in recent years. It is pub
lished with broad marginal designs
harmonizing with the text.
(American Unitarian Association,
Boston; price 90 cents.
James t Whitcomb Riley has con
tributed another of his inimitable
poems o£-childhood to the Christmas
stock of books, "A Defective Santa
Claus." It has all of the typical Riley
flavor about it — the quaint childish
idioms, the bubbling mirth and the
weird jumble of phrases. How pa
tried to play Santa Claus and burned
his whiskers is told with gleesome
breathlessness by one of Rlley's own
little dream children — a vivid story,
which numerous illustrations ade
quately supplement.
(Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indian
apolis.)
Three very light and wispy books
of jingles and odd sayings appear on
the holiday stalls. "Folly for the
Wise," by Carolyn Wells, Is the best
of them. This Is a small book of
foolishness, delightful foolishness,
consisting of limericks, transposed
proverbs and rhymed nothings. We
all know Miss Wells to be one of the
cleverest with cap and bells, and we
therefore can be reasonably certain
of picking up something Jolly from
her book. The Bobbs-Merrlll Com
pany of Minneapolis publish It.
"Completed Proverbs," on the other
hand, is very forced fun. Lisle de
Vaux Mattherwman is responsible for
the attempted wit, and Clare Victor
Dwiggins furnishes pictures after the
type of Stanlaws. Henry T. Coates &
Co. of Philadelphia publish the book.
"Gilhooleyisms," by Frederick H.
Seymour, Is of the same nature, but
worse yet; these smart sayings could
not get Into the columns of a second
class newspaper. Frederick A. Stokes
of New York has put the book
through print.
CROCKETT IX)DGE MASONS
INSTALLS NEW OFFICERS
The Retiring Master, Harry Xewhoff,
Is Presented a Costly Dia
mond Set Jewel.
More than three hundred members of!
the Masonic fraternity assembled last!
night In the Masonic Temple at Post'
and Montgomery streets to witness the^
Installation of the following: as the of- j
fleers of Crockett Lodge.No. 139 for tha I
current Masonic year:
George "W. Geauque, worshipful mas
ter; William Kahn, senior warden;
John P.^Court, Junior warden;- William
Glindemann, treasurer; Richard H. Me- •
Pherson, secretary; Peer Harder, mar- i
Bhal; Albert Percy Heise, senior dea- !
con; Oscar J. L. Brunswig, junior dea- j
con; Henry W. Haass, senior steward; !
Conrad Teigeler, Junior steward; J. E. I
Hunt, tyler; D. M. La.wrence, organist. I
The Installing officer was Harry!
Newhoff,the retiring worshipful master, i
who was assisted by Past Master j
Joshua B. Roberts, acting as master of .
ceremonies. At the close of the procla- j
raation Past Master Newhoff was con- j
gratulated upon the successful t6rm he j
had, and as a token" of appreciation I
of the services he has rendered the I
lodge, not only as master, but In other >
stations, the members presented him j
a costly diamond set jewel of his rank I
in the fraternity. After the presenta-j
tlon there was an adjournment to Com- !
mandery Hall, where a supper was
served to two hundred and seventy
five. Lucius Solomon was the toast
master and after the repast and vocal
selections by the choir there were ad
dresses by David S. Hirshberg, Roland
E. Hartley, Marcus Rosenthal and Past
Master Ciprico.
. — -
PADEREWSKI GIVES HIS
FAREWELL PIANO CONCERT
Large Audience Greets the Talented
A'irtuoso and Gives a Royal
Reception to Him.
A royal reception was given to Pad
erewski last night at the Alhambra,
The big theater was tested to its ca
pacity and the audience stormed with
applause when he - finished his pro
gramme* He was compelled to satisfy
three encores at the conclusion of his
work, finally ending with the "Min
uet," his own composition, which
made a deep Impression when he
played it during hls % previous visit
here.
The skill and feeling with which he
handled the works of the masters
seemed to hold the audience in en
chantment.
From the attendance and the recep
tion given to Paderewski last night it
Is evident that San Francisco holds a
warm spot for the talented virtuoso.
The following programme was given:
Prwiata. op. 63. TValdsteln (Beethoven), fcl
legTO con brio, adagio molto. allegretto mod
erate — prestlMimo; three eonps Tflthout words.
No. 8. op. 19, No. 1. op. 62 - and Splnnerlled j
(Mendelssohn); "'Etndes Symphonique" (Schu- ■
inann): three preludes — Nos. 1, 7 and 15; bal- i
lade, op. 47; mazurka. B minor, op. 69; v&Ise
op. 42 (Chopin); "Barcarolle" (Rubinstein) '•
"Cracoviecne," op. 14 (Paderewekl) ; "Rhap.
sodSe" (Limt). |
Don't Give Trash.
Give her a Light Running Domestic,
the sewing: machine for the home. Do
mestic Co., 1021 Market at., near flth. •
Talks of. New Zealand.
T. W. Glover of New Zealand de
livered an interesting lecture last
night at the Hamilton Square Bap
tist Church on the great economic
reforms of his country and the tem
perance question as it is considered
by, those who advocate , Its priciples
not only in" Great Britain and her
colonies, but also in the United States.
Mr. Glover showed a number of in
teresting stereopticon views of New
Zealand.
Sherman, ' Clay & Co. have just received an
immense shipment 'of music I rolls, : batrs '. and
wrappers' in all kinds ; of leathers, . some - very
new styles among them, •
CHARITY BALL
AT ST. FRANCIS
IS BRILLIANT
By Sally Sharp.
A brilliant affair was the charity
ball at the St. Francis last night. But
why ( not, with the debonair Mr.
Greenway at the helm? Forsooth is he
a wonder at throwing a glad glamour
over functions that ofttlmes threaten
to hang heavy.
But the geniality of the ball last
night was not all of Mr. Greenway's
making — far from It, \ for a coterie of
kindly women have been lying awake
o' nights planning, for its success.
Among them are Mrs; Edgar F. Pres
ton, Mrs. George B. Sperry, Mrs. J. J
Spieker, Mrs. William Thomas, Mrs.
W. W. Van Arsdale, Miss Maud O'Con
nor, Miss Adelaide Pollock, Mrs- Homer
E. Osborne, Mrs. Jacob Bertz, Mrs. "W.
S. Leake, Mrs. Frank V. Wright, Mrs.
William U Gerstle, Mrs. J. J. The
obald, Mrs. Guy E. Manning, Mrs.
James L. Gould, Mrs. Pelham Ames,
Mrs. Eugene Bresse, Mrs. O- B. Burns.
Mrs. Albert Dernham, Mrs. Henry
Dernham, Mrs. James Elder, Mrs. Her
bert E. Law and Mrs. A. H. Martin,
most of whom assisted in receiving the
hosts of men and women who thronged
the white and gold ballroom-
Sweet was the sentiment that brought
them together under the spell of music
and the dance— 'twas not the mere love
of either, but the love for little children.
By the kindly efforts put forth last
night the San Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children will be richer by
many shekels. And badly 'tis needed
for the maintenance of the beautiful
new home at Lake street and Four
teenth avenue, where more than a hun
dred little tykes — otherwise without the
dear shelter of home — are tenderly
cared for.
Blessings on the good women who
have made this home possible! And
blessings on the' red-cheeked tykes
who find beneath its hospitable roof
the one gift that God intended each
little soul should have..
Among the smartly gowned women
seen at the function were: ,
Mrs. Herbert E. Law, Imported
gown of white lace, with ornaments of
pearls and diamonds.
Mrs. Jacob Bertz, black lace, heav
ily trimmed in Jet 'and spangles.
Mrs. E. F. Card, black velvet gown
with yoke and bertha of Venetian
point lace.
Mrs. Kline, white satin brocade.
Mrs. Frederick Kohl was most
stately, a handsome black spangled
lace gown setting oft her blonde
beauty. Mrs. Kohl also wore an ex
quisite collar of pearls.
Mrs. William Gerstle was daintily
gowned in pale pink chiffon with lace
ruffles; ornaments, pearls.
Mrs. Thomas, elaborately spangled
white lace.
Mrs. Lewis H. Long, whlt« latin
brocade and duchesse lace.
Mrs. S. D. Owens, black lace.
Mrs. T. J. Schuyler, cream net,
heavily appliqued in rose designs.
Miss Ferguson, white chiffon.
Miss Ethel Ferguson, pink flowered
chiffon over white silk.
Mrs. Worthington Ames, pink silk.
Mrs. Lllienthal, pale blue chiffon.
Miss Adelaide Pollock, blue satin
brocade.
Mrs. Eugene Bresse, white embroid
ered crepe, with flounces of accordion
plaiting and bertha of point lace.
Pearls.
Mrs. Alexander Warner, whits satin
chiffon.
Miss Helen Davis, spangled and
flowered embossed chiffon.
Mrs. F. J. Young, imported gown
of heavy cream silk, with Inserted
bands of drawnwork and trimming of
burnt orange ' velvet. *
Mrs. M. Richardson, embroidered
white satin chiffon, with girdle of blue
chiffon.
Mrs. E. K. Johnstone, Imported
French gown of Dresden silk, with
narrow bands of heliotrope, yellow
and green velvet. Diamonds.
Mrs. Irma Lavine, pink crepe de
chine, heavily shirred.
Mrs. Guy Manning, creme silk crepe,
with satin bands and accordion
pleated flounces.
Mrs. George B. Sperry was very
handsome In an exquisite black Chan
tllly lace gown, with shoulder ruffles
of black and white accordion pleated
chiffon.
Miss Elsie Sperry's sparkling beauty
was emphasized by a gown of white
point d' esprit, with trimming of for
get-me-nots and blue medallions.
Mrs. Horace Pillsbury, • imported
gown of cafe-au-lait lace, with heavy
chenille fringe and girdle of pale blue.
Mrs. William Cuthbert (Maud Simp
son) and Mrs. William Hule (LJllie
Beis) were guests of honor at a lunch
eon given by Mrs. Jablsh Clement In
her apartments at the Hotel Pleasan
ton on Tuesday. Those Invited to meet
the two young brides were Miss Eu
genia Hawes, Miss Ada Clement. Miss
Elsie Marwedei, Miss Maud Woods,
Miss Lottie Woods. Miss Margaret Sin
clair, Miss Jennie McMillan, Miss Rus
sella Ward, Miss Mary Holllster, Mrs.
Arthur Spear, Mrs. Linda Bryan, Mrs.
Frederick Knight, Mrs. Frederick
Stolp, Mrs. George McAneny, Mrs. Sid
ney Partridge, Mrs. William Watt, Mrs.
Frederick Jacobs, Mrs. D. B. Allison,
Mrs. Charles M. Dougherty, Miss
Helen Partridge.
A charming affair for children- was
given by Mrs. A. A. Moore yesterday
afternoon in her apartments at St.
Dunstan's. A tree, with all the gifts
dear to little hearts, was the center of
attraction, added to which were games
and frolicsome amusements that will
long be remembered by all the small
participants.
Miss Charlotte Wilson was entertain
ed at luncheon yesterday by Miss Mar
garet Hyde-Smith. Covers were laid
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT
■^^^^^^^^ Solid oak » golden finish.
i llJ(ll|E5Miil|i Interior conveniently ar-
ranged. An exceptional
? IT I o ** er * n S' To-night, only
f I Hi M *¥%
&45-8»GEUnrSV QNIHESQHAIUEi
STONE NAMES
NEW COMMITTEE
Nine Republicans Appointed
to Consider Party Measures
at Session of Legislature
LEGISLATORS LS T CITY
Holiday of Monday, January
Second, Will Not Preclude
Organization on That Day
The constitution of the State of Cali
fornia, Article IV, Section 2, provides
that the sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at IS o'clock m. on the
first Monday after the first day of Jan
uary. Monday, January 2, 190S, will
be observed generally as a legal holi
day, but It is understood that the Leg
islature will meet at noon on that day
and begin the work of organization.
It Is probable that both houses will
organize on that day, so that ballot-
Ing for the office of United States Sena
tor may begin on Tuesday, January
1O.> Failure on the part of either branch
of the Legislature to complete- its or
ganization on the first Monday of Jan
uary would postpone the initial bal
lot for Senator until Tuesday, January
17.
The Republican members of the As
sembly comprise more than a majority
of the two branches of the Legislature,
and this majority in joint convention
of the Senate and Assembly could. If
so minded, elect a Senator without the
assistance of the Senate.
The advisory body of the Republi
can State Central Committee at a Bes
sion recently held In this city author
ized General- George Stone, chairman
of the general organization, to appoint
a committee of nine on legislation. The
appointment of the following- Is an
nounced: Senator Thomas -H. Selvage,
Humboldt; Senator E. F. Woodward,
Sonoma; ex-Senator Robert T. Devlin,
Sacramento; John A. Britton, Alame
da; Lieutenant-Governor Alden Ander
son, Solano; W. 8. Wood, San Francis
co; Senator H. W. Lynch, San Luis
bispo, and L. A. Wright, Ban Diego.
General Stone, by virtue of the resolu
tion creating the committee. Is a mem-,
ber thereof.
It is understood that the committee
will deal only with legislation pertain
ing to political subjects, and will not
offer any suggestions whatever con
cerning the prerogative of the Legisla
ture in the election of a Senator of the
United States. In the Senatorial con
test of 1S99 a branch of the Republican
State Committee In the Golden Eagle
Hotel, Sacramento, was used quite
freely by the supporters of one of the
leading aspirants for I the office of
United States Senator, and such use
evoked considerable comment.
State Senators. Chester Rowell of
Fresno and Samuel H. Ratnbo of San
ta Cruz and Assemblyman W. D. L.
Held of Mendodno were In the city
yesterday. Colonel A. G. Gassen of
San Diego left the city for the south
yesterday. John Gaffey, the hope of
the Democratlo party In the southland,
is In town. W. F. X. Parker of Los
Angeles was in the city early this
week, on his return from a trip to
New York.
Souvenir of Golden Jubilee.
A beautiful souvenir book, entitled
"Oak Leaves," has been Issued in com
memoration of the fiftieth anniversary
or the founding of the Presentation
Order In California. The book con
tains many historical and valuable
articles that will interest the reader
and will be of special Interest to the
thousands of graduates of the college,
as the pages contain sketches of be
loved teachers and many reminiscences
of past school days. Copies of this
book can be had by applying to any of
the convents of the Presentation Or
der. .
New York lAte Policytaolders
Should read tha analysis of the New York
Ufa financial methods in the current
numbers of the Era Magazine; 10 cents,
all news stands. •
Harry Fisher Drowned.
The body of an unidentified man
was found floating in the bay yester
day morning near Vallejo street wharf.
A letter addressed to "Harry Fisher,
Peniel Mission, Pine and Kearny
streets," was found on the body. It
was signed Frank H. Peck, at Albu
querque, N. M., and was on the letter
head of the Graham Brothers* club
rooms In that town. The body had
been in the water about three weeks.
Brownie Cameras for Christmas Pres
ents.
(They work like Kodaks.) $1.00, $2.00.
$5.00. Kirk. Geary & Co., 112 Geary st«
POSTOFFICB PROMOTIONS.— The follow
ing transfer! and promotions were made in th«
San Francisco Postofflce yesterday: J. E.
Shark, from substitute clerk to regular clerk
at $600 per annum; W. J. Hannlr&n. from sub
stitute to regular clerk, $600; Max Cohen, pro
moted to clerkship at $700 per j-wTwm: Thomas
Wallace, from $700 to $800; Asa B. White,
from 1800 to $900; Henry C J. Touney, from
$000 to J1000; Jchn C. Desmond, substitute to
regular clerk at $600; W. B. Corcoran, from
$600 to $700; A. E. Hearst, from $700 to $800;
C. 3. i*vy. from $800 to $900; H. W. Lo»«
mana, $000 to $1000.
A draam of pleasure, tha new two for
quarter slzo American, $3 75 box 25. *
for eight and tha table, daintily deco
rated in pink roses and shaded candel
abra, held a circle of happy maids.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f j Busy days for Santa Claus at onr two. stores. Driving ||
|| round with presents during the day, and in the evening here i\j
|| with his Christmas tree, giving away candy, toys and lots of |m
|| Have yon forgotten to get a Sorosis Shoe Order to send If
§j as your Christmas present? You know it is not only conve- H
|| nient, but shows a real interest that is not expressed in any : j
8»| Comfort around the grate fire for parents and grand- \ J
« parents in Sorosis house shoes and slippers. i'j
t| The prettiness of perfect style and satisfaction of correxrt * j
H fit for particular people in Sorosis street shoes. H
B Protection against changeable weather in Sorosis Health fij
M Leather, "the secret of cool, dry feet." |j
H GET SOROSIS SHOE ORDERS TO-DAY. fl
i OPEN EVERY EVENING- 1]
I SOfiOSS 5J0E EAfiLOR 5 4R01SLSHOE^SIOEE 1
AMUSEMENTS.
IjUE»Hb¥1H1A mm tome
Up to and Including: Next Sunday.
MATINEE SATUKDAT.
Klaw II Erlanger Present
TilOS. Q. SEABROOKE
la th» Spectacular Musical Fares Novelty,
THE BILLIONAIRE
Last Tlm» SUNDAT (Christmas) NIGHT.
a?- MONDAY
Hsnry VT. Eavare Offers the Musical Satire,
THE SULTAN
OF SULU
By George Ade. Author of "The County
Chairman." "Peray From Paris," "The Sfto
Gun" and "The College Widow."
BEATS HOV BEADT.
cPEPi|lfli|noys[
EVERT NIGHT AT S.
SATTJRDAT MAT. AT X
KING
DODO
Eitra Christmas Mats. !££:. Sg£ 8
•SEATS ALWATS SELLING.
SPECIAL I Grand Transformation Scens.
CHRISTMAS I "A CHILD'S DREAM OY
EVTL I CHRISTMAS." .
& CALIFORNIA «t
p. LAST THREE NIGHTS, fg
fj Matlne* Saturday, ||
i Rose Melville 1
ft ; la Her Original Comedy Creation, P
0 SIS HOPKINS |
§ I WARMEST THEATER IN TOWN.I If
H STEAM HEAT THROUGHOUT. g
I Next Sunday Matinee. fl
James A. Herne's Greatest of all ft
American Plays, M
SHOBS ACBSS H
TVlth most of th« original cast. In- B
eluding: James A. Galloway. Atkins ■
Lawrence and Bells Theadore. 3
■a Special Holiday Matinee Monday, jbj
A-T r(*7 A TV Belasco 4 Mayer.
ALCAZAR w^.
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
Great Hit, Sol Smith Russell's Comedy.
PEACEFUL VALLEY.
JOHN CRAIG AS HOSEA HOWE.
Full of fun — Delightful sentiment.
Evg3. 25c to 50c. Mats.. Sat.. Sun.. 25c to 50o.
NEXT WEEK— XMAS MAT. MONDAT.
Superb Production, Mansfield's Version
OLD HEIDELBERG
TELEGRAM FROM THE OWNERS.
■*NEW TORK. Dec 20. 190*.— Belasoo ft
Mayer: Tou hav« rights Old Heid«lber« for
San Francisco. Any other announcements un-
authorised. Wishing: you all success.
(Signed) SHUBERT BROS.
New Tear's Week-LOST RIVER.
Market Street. Near Eis;hth..Phon« South B3S.
TO-NIGHT AND ALT> THIS VTEXTZ.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
Superb Production of Lincoln J. Carter's
Great Melodrama,
TWO LITTLE WAIFS
Direct From the Criterion Theater, Chicaro,
With TEMPE3T and SUNSHINE In th»
Title Roles and the Entire Central
Stock Company.
Startling- Electrical and Mechanical gg»cU.
Thrinin* All the Time!
Prices— Eve., lOe to BOc. Mats.. IP3, ISo. 23a.
SPECIAL MATINEE!
MONDAT AND ALL NEXT WXXK.
The Heart of Chicago
H. W. BISHOP, Lessea and Manager.
*ALL THIS WEEK.
25c— MATINEE TO-DAT— S5o
Matinees Saturday and Christmas (Monday).
Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD GOULD— J. H. OILMOUR
And the Incomparable Majestic Players in I.
N. Morris' Great Scenlo Drama, *
JIM BLUDSO
Next Week— "A CONTENTBD WOMAN."
To Follow — Duly authorized version of Rich-
ard Mansfield's production of "OLD HEIDEtr.
BERG."
Evening- price* — 23c to T5o.
Bad! .jgfc Racing!
California ' jw Club
OAKLAND TXACZ.
Racing- every week day, rain • or shin*.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
$1000 EAKSICAP, to Bt Eu WEDS £SD^y, Dee. 2L
CHRISTMAS HA>DICAP, $3300 Added, to Bt Eaa
MOHDAT, IettnMr 28.
For special trains stopping at the track tak»
S. : P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:C0i
12:30, 1:00, 1:30 cr* 2:00. • Returning* trains
leav* the* track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and im-
mediately after the last race.
■ v THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCT W. TREAT, Secretary' ' "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
European and American Stars
Albarttaa Melich; incy and TUta. and
Orpbema Motion Pictures.
Z.ast Times of Alfred A. Paxlrmd: Aid*
Hemmi; Vexnon; Pord Sisters t DlHoa
Brothtrt and
HERRMANN THE GREAT
Assisted fey w»«n! SSXS3SA3nT.
R*rolax M&tlnees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday asd Sunlay.
PRICES— 10c, 23c and COcl
Commenelas Kext Sunday Afternoon.
THS GBEAT
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Special Matlnf Monday. December 28.
GRAND SS£
MATTNT5E SATTTRDAT— LAST 3 XTGHTS
WILLIAMS
anpWALKER
NEXT MOXI>AT NIGHT.
Blanche Bates t'he
DARLING of the GODS
SEATS NOW BELLING.
«GADSKI
Tuesday and Thursday
Eves., Jan. 3-5: Sat-
urday Matlaee, Jan. T.
Season Tickets. ft Me
$3.50, $2.50— r»ady next
Tuesday morning. Sing!*
seats. $2.00. J1.50. $1.0O—
ready Friday Morslnx fol-
lowing, at Sherman. Clay & Co.'e. waere oom-
plets programmes may be obtained. Special
concert at St. Francis Hotef. Wednesday
Bvenins. Dec.- 2S. at 9. - Seats. $2.50. Box
Orflo*, Sherman, Clay. * Co.'».
Srery Afternoon and Evenlnsr la the)
Bested Theater, ,Batn ox Sfeiae.
PRINCESS~FAN TAN
SCORES OT SPECIALTIES!
ZOO PERFORMERS!
A BIO SHOW BT UTTU1 PSO7U3I
TO-NIGHT: ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN DIS-
PLAY and GALA AMATEUR PERFORM-
ANCE, Concluding with FAT LADIES' RUN-
NING RACE!
No Incraai* la Pride*.
ADMISSION, lOe. CHILDREN. »x
MISCELLANEOUS AMl.'SCTtk^'IM.
Fischer's Theater
TONT LUBSLSKL General lfin»r»r.
Centinnoas "Vanderlll*. v*. !.:
10c and 20o: Children 10a.
At «v»ry Matlne« tola WMk.
A box cf fins caady to
All the boys and girls.
Ten Great Acts.
anscKLLAXEoua.
Once a Year
During: the season of feasting and good
cheer the lanndry question presents prob>
lema for the economist that "good will"
will not solve.
The only sane solution Is our meth-
ods — our cleansing. Ironing, polishing,
delivering — methods that add to the life
of your linen and decrease tha wrinkles
in your brow.
Phone South 420 makes them yours to
command.
MM STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MAEXET STBSE1,
Telephone Scnth 420.
i _______
; THE WEEKLY CALL
*$>l per Year.
910
BIG FIGHT
STIRS UP MUCH DISCUSSION AMONG SPORTS
WHO END A LOT TO GOSSIP ABOUT IN THE AFTERMATH
THREE WINNERS FOR W. DAVIS
Ananias Leads From
Start to Finish
in Handicap.
Red Cross Nurse Is
Overlooked at
Long Odds.
BY F. E. MUUIOLIiAND.
TV. Davis cisplayed exceptionally
good form in the saddle at Oakland
yesterday, one of his three successful
mounts being on Ananias, winner of
the $1000 handicap at one and an eighth
miles.
Johnny Schorr's colt looked comfort
ably situated with 104 pounds to nego
tiate, and he won from start to finish,
ehowing Mike Daly's Elliott the way in
by three and a half lengths in 1:52
flat. The betting about the winner
around post time had lengthened to 16
to 5. Military Man. the favorite, fin
ished a dose third. Divina had quite
n following, which forced her price
down from 10 to 6. She acted sour at
the post, breaking half a dozen lengths
behind the others, and was not prom
inent.
THREE FAVORITES SCORE.
As the card had an attractive look,
it drew a large attendance, the betting
ring being crowded- Favorites held
their own, capturing three of the
purses. Baker and Red Cross Nurse
were the surprises, each dropping in at
long odds.
An "eagle bird" first rattle out of
the hox put the bookmakers in goqd
humor, especially those which "bump
ed" the two favorites. Golden Buck
and George P. HcXear. It was a Fu
turity course sprint for two-year-olds,
and the colts mentioned were each
quoted at S to 5. Golden Buck met with
poor racing luck, and when it looked
:ib if Bullinan would place McXear
over the line first Michaels brought
Baker, a 15 to 1 shot, from behind, win
ring by a length. Robert Mitchell led
to the stretch. ■ -
Sad Sam attended a Christmas tree
recital in the five and a half furlong
run following. He met an inferior col
lection of platers and at scant odds
rolled in a couple of lengths before
Silent Water. Batidor, a 200 to 1 shot,
ran third.
Mimo, the favorite, was awarded a
nose decision over Troy at the finish of
the six and a half furlong event, with
a big cluster of thirteen going to the
post. Bronze Wing cut out the early
pace and then quit as usual in the
stretch. Davis, astride the first choice,
did some extra heavy booting the last
sixteenth and received the verdict over
Troy. It was a close thing. Bronze
Wing; managed to beat Sugden out of
the show.
DAVIS PILOTS THREE WINNERS.
Davis made it three straight by fin
ishing first in the mile selling fixture
on Red Cross Nurse, against which 9
to 1 was laid. The filly cut out the
running from the jump, winning with
out difficulty from The Lieutenant,
another outsider. Larsen, on Minda
nao, the 6 to 5 favorite, was third.
Mocorito received considerable support,
I rut her chances of getting inside the
money were ruined by McBride getting
the mare pocketed. Anvil and Budd
Wado cut no figure in the race.
Charley Henshall had a good-sized
bet down on his colt Head Dance to
win the final mile purse fixture for two
year-olds and Kunz got him to the
wire in front. Jenkins made the run
ning for nearly three-quarters of the
journey with Downpatrick, a 40 to 1
shot. It resolved down to a drive the
last part of it between Kunz on the
favorite and Bullman with the mount
on Ara. Head Dance stood the drive
gramest, scoring by half a length. Car
dinal Sarto found the route too far.
S TRACK XOTES.
Tweijty-flve bookmakers made the
weight again yesterday. Bob Lloyd
cut in under name of the Golden Gate
Club.
Walter Jennings^ released W. Davis
from his contract yesterday, as the
owner and the jockey could not agree
on matters pertaining to the stable.
Willie Harris said he would not al
low Davis to accept any mounts for
a time. The boy displayed good form
yesterday, and the former may change
his mind.
Red Cross Nurse, now owned by
Molera & Josephs, was bid up $400
over her entered selling' price of $600
by ; George Wentworth, former
trainer of the mare. She was retained
with the customary $5 bid.
Ed Galnes. a well-known Eastern
bookmaker, arrived from New York
Tuesday night.
The first. two-year-old race of the
coming year will be decided on Jan
uary 2. at Oakland.
The valuable stakes of the New
Memphis Jockey Club will close , on
January 2, 1906. Blanks may be ob
tained at Oakland from Harry Kuhl.
The association across the bay will
endeavor to arrange a special at a
mile, which will bring: together
Dainty, Honlton, Claude and one or
two other of the cracks. Of course
Garnet Ferguson's colt Bearcatcher
would be Included but for the fact
that the brown flyer's Illness has
placeH him on the retired list for a
spelL The association will hang up a
$1000 purse, idth $600 added If the
California record is broken, and $1000
more if the world's record should be
shattered, or $2500 in all.
Beginning with MJmo. W. Davis
landed three winners In a row. Red
Cross Nurse, one of them, reached
9 to 1 In the betting, it belns gener
ally supposed the mare was a mud
lark only.
Xerr Orleans Racing.
NEW ORL.EAXS. Dec. 21. — Results of the
race*:
Flrrt race, «lx furloxum — Optional iron, J«ke
Grwnberg second. Chamblee third. Time, 1:15
Second race, one and a quarter, mil'*— 1
Samper Vlvax won. Bessie McCarthy iwcond.
TJeaucalre third. Time, 2:ll<4-5. Homestead
finished , second, but . was disqualified for
foullnjj.
Third race, five furlongs — Alcantra won.
Queen Rose eeeond, Eeterre third. Time. 1 :02.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth rnlW—
Ram's Horn won. Garnish second, Ed Tlerney
third. Time. 1:43.
Fifth race. «ix furlonrs — Topic won. Phil
Finch fecond. Bay wood third. Time. -1:14 1-5.
Rlxth race, one mile — Chanterelle won Gra
vina second Decoration third. Time. l:*3 4-8
Berber Will Box Casey.
Sam Berger is about to begin his
training at Croll's garden, Alameda,
for, his coming bout with Jim ' Casey.
The mill is scheduled to take place at
Mechanics' Pavilion on the 30th inst-
On the same night George Finnigan
will hook up with Eddie Kehoe In a
return match at 112 pounds. The card
Includes five other contests, all of four
rcu-nds duration. ■'WBKB . ■
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND — Wednesday, Dec. 21. Weather cloudy. Track fast.
T5OO. FIRST rtACE — Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index I Hone and Owner. IWtiSt. Si. %^ %• Str. Fin. J Jockey. - Op. Cl.
757G i Maker (J. J. McAIester) 1104 0 ... 5h 4 »i 4 V4 1 1 H. Michaels 10 15
75SS jGeor&e P. McNear (H. Stover) 112 1 ... 2 % 2 n S H42 1 ' Bullman ... 7-5 8-5
75SS (Golden Buck (Mrs. Schorr) .. 103 3 ... 3 1^3 1^3 1%3 4 Travers ... 8-5 8-5
<7MJt)Rol> Mitchell (Summers & Co.). 107 2 ... 12 lipiWn Greenfield.. 8 »
7504 Fay Tcmpleton <G Dodge)... 101 7 ... 7 62 5 4 5 2%|Barrett ... 12 -'»
758$ Edrodun (Lanorla & Co) 1W> 4 ... 4 % 53 6 1 (5 2, Helgesen ... 10 40
T377 Plretla (Mrs. Miller) ........ 95 5 .. . 6 4 7 7 7 jWlley 20 &"
Time. :2414. :49. 1:12. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:14. Baker, place. 4; show. 3-2. Mc-
Near. place. 3-5; show, 1-4. Buck, ehow, 2-7. Winner, br. c. by\Slr Modred-Quadrant.
Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Scratched — Sweet Kitty Bellairs. Start Rood. Won easily.
Balance driving. Golden Buck cut oft on three or four occasions or he would probably
have won. Baker ran without blinkers and displayed improvement. George P. Mc-
Near is rounds below his best form or he could beat this sort lik$ breaking sticks.
Mitchell quit. Fay Templeton a mudder. . - -
7000. SECOND RACE— Five- and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds up; to first. $325.
Index! . Hortc and Owner. |Wt|St. «4. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(7547)!£ad Sam, a (H. Green) 1C8 3 ... 1 H'.l 3 13 12 Sherwood . 1-2 1-3
<7537)|Silent Water. 3 (R. Smith)... 04 1 ... 2 %~3 2 3 4 2 % Greenfield.. 4 0
7574 (Batldor, 4 (L. E. Fine) 06 4 ... 6 2V>4 1U4 % 3 n L. Fountain 50 200
74C9 jAunt Polly. 0 (G. H. Deming). OS 2 ... 4 n "5 »^' r 8 n 44 (Travers ... 8 9
7594 R*dan. 5 (G. Strobel) 107 5 ... 3 »i 2 % 2 Vt 5 4 Uenklns ... 15 20
lAlbonita, 6 (McAbee & Co.).. I OS 0 ... 6 2'A6 5 6 5 C 6 McBride .... 50 100
7501 itTrbapo. ,4 (Mrs. Boyle) J101 7 ... 7 7 7 7 Bullman .. 30 200
Time, :23%. :48Vi, 1:07. At post 3i£ minutea. Oft at 2:41'4. Sam, place, 1-5; show, outy
Water, place, 4-5; show, 3-10. Batldor. show, 12. Winner, ch. g. by Rancocas-Heeley.
Trained by A B. Pomeroy. Scratched — Sterling Towers. Start good. AVon easily.
Balance driving. A set-up for the winner. Silent Water ran her race. Aunt Polly
must be off when Batidor can beat her. Redan quit.
7001. THIRD RACE — 8^ furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index! Hor«e and Owner. |\Vt!St. >;. %. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. | ' Op. Cl.
75S0IMlmo, 4 (P. Sheridan) 104] 4 ... 3 n 5 2 3 l'il ns |W. Davis.. 3 11-5
7553 j Troy, a (V: Gilbert) :. 09 3 ... 4 2>,£3 fe 1 >& 2 l&j Greenfield . 10 8
7503 (Bronze Wing, « Uudse & Co.) 89 1 ... 1 n 1 n 2 n 3 >>j |Travers ... 5 0-2
7561 Sugden. a (J. Sturgeon) KM 7 ... 6 2^7 H 61 4 1 League ... 25 20
<7C2«) The Fretter. a (O'Rourke). . .1112 6 ... 10 4 82 72 62 Minder ... f 5 10
70!»3 Dora I. 5 (J. Ryan)... J1O4 3 ... 7 2^4 1V 2 4 2 5 2 McBride .. 12 8
7574 Hipionax, a (A. C. Dean) ilOO 0 ... 2 1 2 1»>i5 14 7 >j Helgesen .. . 10 10
7561 Military. 6 (D. Quill) |104 2 ... 5h 0 2 8 3 H Kunz SO an
7570 Adirondack. 4 <H. Shannon).. 104110 ... 8 n 0 9 J) J. Jones. .. 10 15.
<7O08) Fk. Woods, a (Garden Cy. S.) 100113 ... 13 11 10 10 T. Clark... 30 40
7545 jAugrie. 5 <H. E. Ma*il!) lOU'll ... 12 1 12 11 11 Hollander . 15 DO
7407 ; .Sklp Me. 6 U. Madison) 1041 K ... 9 h 10 12 12 H. Michaels 30 20
5500 Bfdner. 6 <J. A. Crusa) jl00;12 ... 11- 1 13 . 13 13 |Vlcksry ... 80 60
Time — :23. :47. 1:13^. 1:2OV4. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:05. Mimo. pla«e, 4-5; show,
1-2. Troy, place. 4; ehow, 2. v Wlng. show, 4-5. Winner, b. g. by Mileajo-Mlnona.
Trained by P. Sheridan. Scratched— Clausus. Start good. Won all driving. Mimo
best. Troy ran a nice race. Bronze Wing blew up as usual. The Fretter would hav»
be?n dangerous at a longer route. Hlpponax blew up. !
7002. FOURTH RACE— 1H miles; handicap; three-year- olds and up; value to first, $800.
Index) Horse and Owner. , JWtiSt. H- J ,4. ?i. Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
7554 |Ananias. 3 (J. F. Schorr) 104 4 12 1 2%1 li£l 3 1 3V.IW. Davis.. 5-2 16-5
75*4 Klilott. 4 (M. J. Daly) 112 2 4 2 4 3 2 n 2 H 2 h "|W. Daly 4 11-2
7554 .Military Man, 3 (Ferguson).. 106 5 2 l%2 2 3 3 3 3 3 7 iHelgesen .. 2 13-5
7548 | Arcade, 4 (W. B. Jennings). . |102 1 3 1^3 h 4 4 5 n 4 0 Travers . 7-2 5
7592 Ink. 4 fLamasney Bros.) 00 0 5h 5 n 54 4 1U5 5 Watson ... 40 15
754S jDivlna, 5 (El Primero Stbl.). .|1(K5 7 6 1^6 5 (> 5 C 15 C 5 J Jones... 10 6
7530 jVeterano. 4 (Multnomah Stbl.) 00 3 7 7 7 7 7 Greenfield . 12 20
Time— :24'i. :49, I:14H', 1 :30«i. 1:52. At post % minute. Off at 3:2^- Ananias, place,
11-10; show, 3-5. Elliott, place. 2: show, 4-5. Man. show, 2-5. Winner, ch. c by
Ocean View- Veracious. Trained by J. F. Schorr. Start good. Won handily. Balance
driving hard. Winner made a runaway race of it. Elliott ran an excellent rac«, rid
den wide. Military Man no excuees. Arcade could not get up. Divina waa sour and
got several lengths worst of the start.
TCO3. FIFTH RACE-iOne mile; 3-year-olds and up; celling; value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWt'St. %. *£. %. Str. Fin, I Jockey. I Op. c7!
(75CS)!R. C. Nurse. 3 (Molero & Co.)|lC3| 2 1112111 1%1 ih|w. Davis 4 »
75&0 IThe Lieutenant, 3 (H. Stover) 1051 5 2 n 5 2 4 2»44 1 2 n' J Jones - 10 1"
<74Ci>) ! Mindanao, 3 (R. A. Smith) 10514 7 4n 3 2 ~2 1^3 6 ILarsen "* 7-5 6-5
(7550) North West, 3 (Figaro Stable) 10O 3 5 U. 3 1 2 n 3 2' 4 n Travers " 1O i"
«75S»4)fMocorito, a (J. Ryan) 104 1 S %2 n£5 n 5 1 5 2K McBride " 5 0-"»
(7578)iBudd Wade. 5 (Baker City S.) 106; 7 On 0 16 2H6 % 0 3' Sherwood"" 6 n
7400 lAnvll. 4 (C. E. Murray) 09! « 4 1^7 7 7 7 Wright..! 10 12
Time— :25',J. :50. 1:15. l:40*i. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:55.~Nurse, place 5^2- "stow
H™}™?? 1 - pla r£f:. 4: J sl L 0W ' S ' B - Mindana °. show. 1-3. Winner, ch. m. by' Princ4
Rudolph-Accident. Trained by A. Jr«ephs. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving
hard. False price against winner. She is in rare fettle at present. The Lieutenant ran
Mb race. Mindanao possibly overrated. North West had speed. Mocorito pocketed
Anvil can do better on a muddy track. '
TCO4. SIXTH RACE — One mile; 2-year-olds; purse; value to first. $325.
Index) Horse and Owner. jWtjSt. \j . %. %. Btr. Fin. | Jockey. Top! CU
(7r.S6)''.Head Dance (C. T. Henshall) I10CI 5 4 14 3 '4 3 1 3 V, 1 j; IKunz f 9. li* •»
7586 Ara (Ftevenn & Sen). lCfli 6 6 4 I»i4 4 4 2Wi2 5 Bullman"" "s^-'b
7576 iDownpatrick (Ryan & Co.).. 107 1 1 % 1 n 1 h 2 V.'t H Jenkths " 4ft • 4ft
75S6 Cardinal Sarto (Summers Co.) 10(5 4 2 h 2 1»42 U. 1 n " 4 1U Larsen '" % 1<U?
7555 -Fleetwood (Knebelkamp Co.)|100 2 5n 6 fi " 5 2 5 8 McBride a mj<>
7591 lEstella J (W. B. Jennings). . .jl03 3 3 % 5 n 5 n 6 0 KjreVnfleld" 10 7
Time— :26, :50?i. 1 :1CU. 1:42>,«. At post 3 minutes. Off at 4:25. D.Vnce place 4-B- show
1-3. Ara. place. 2; show, 4-C. Downpatrick. show. 5. Winner ch c by To™ H,?m"
Trained by E. Wright. Start good. Won all driving hard. Head Dance cut off on
stretch turn, losing some ground. He Etood a drive gamely. Ara awav badlv or h!»
might have won. Dcwnpatrick had speed. Cardinal Sarto quit. Fleetwobd was sore
FIVE IN A ROW
FOR GOLD ROSE
Speedy Daughter of Gold
Crest Sustains Winning
Streak on Ascot Course
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 21.— Green B.
Morris' two year old filly Gold Rose
started here for the fifth time to-day
and scored her fifth successive victory.
The distance was over the Slauson
course, and Gold Rose was held at 6
to 5 throughout the betting. Sals was
looked upon to take the. fast filly's
measure and was heavily played at 5 to
2. while El Chihuahua found numerous
backers at 5. ' Gold Rose went to the
front at once and never left the issue
In doubt. ' Sals finished second and El
Chihuahua third. :.
Three short-priced- favorites were
succesful at Ascot; * two outsiders and
one eecond-choice' winning the other
races. Llberto, at 12 to 1, surprised the
public by winning the first, and Ala
mansor at 10 to 1 ended the day's sport
by beating ;the red-hot favorite in the
Elxth. The winning favorites were
Tryon, at 3' to B; Gold Rose,- at 6 to 5,
and Chub, at Vto 2. The latter horse
ran a great race, and won the fifth
event in hollow . style. West Brook
field, at 3 to 1, annexed the second
race.' Weather cloudy, track* fast.
Summary: ■ .
Tint race. seUlnr. on* mile — Liberto, 110
(Truebel), 12 to 1, won; Iras, 107 (EX. Walsh),
4 to 1, cecond; Lastir. 106 (Dugan), 6 to 1,
third.. Tim*. l:43»i- Ft&nfflbla. Miracle II,
Huapala, Galanthus, Tangible, Evermore and
Idalum also ran. * " ■ ~ .
Second race, selling, five and a half fur
longs—West Brookfleld, 101 (Kent). 3 to- 1,
won; Cotillion, 103 (E. Walsh), 4 to 1. second;
Ulldcbrand, 103 (HUdebrand). 10 to 1, third.
Time. 1 :08. ' Mart Gentry, ' Doctor C, Maggie
Mackey, Spring Leaf -and Tim Hurst also ran.
Third race. Belling, one mile— Tryon, 102
(Lawrence). 3 to 5. won; Potrero Grande, 102
(McDanlel) 4'i to 1. second: Freeslaa, -. 02
(Herbert). 5 to I. third. Time, 1:48. Foxy
Grandpa, Tomhawk, Punctilio and Ed'Guinz
barg also ran. ■•■.... ■.
Fourth race, Slauson course — Gold Rose, 108
(E. 'Walfh). 6. to 5, won; Sale, 114 (HUde
brand)/ 2% to 1, second; El Chihuahua, 103
(Truebel), 5 to 1, third. Time. 1:OBH- Home
bred and Felipe Lugo also ran.
Fifth race, selling, one mile and seventy
yard! — Chub. 97 (Herbert),' 3 to 5, won: Rough
Rider, 87 (Knapp), 20 to 1, second ; Evea ' G,
102 (Hildebrand). 2 to 1, third. Time, 1:48%.
Varro, Phyz and Autumn Time also ran.
Sixth. race, selling, six furlonga — Alamansor.
108 (Truebcl). 10 to 1, won; Schoharle 112
(Hlldf brand), 1 to 2, second; Our Pride
104 (Kent). 8 to 1.' third; Time. 1:15. Ten
dercrert. Miss Provo. . Wager, Mordente and
John Hushes also ran. \
Harvard Men Want Paid Coach.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.;] Dec. 21.— The
Harvard Bulletin "to-day published a
communication 'signed by ; fifty-four
Harvard graduates petitioning for a
paid football coach instead of the
graduate coach' who - for 'so many
j-ears has handled' the Harvard teams.
The communication laments Har
vard's failure to defeat Yale and at
tributes/ it ; to the graduate coach sys
tem.. -,' ., v . '->":..'. •
The Democrats are again telling the
negroes that they do not' get their
share of the Republican Die.
THE SAN FRAN&SCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1904.
OLDFIELD CUTS
RECORDS DOWN
Auto King Sets New Marks
at Distance From Two
to. Nine Miles Inclusive
LOS ANGELBS, Dec. 21.— Barney
Oldfield succeeded in lowering all auto
mobile records from two to nine miles
at Agricultural Park track to-day. Hs
failed to reduce the one, two and three
mile records on the first attempt, but
on a subsequent trial he cut the two
and three mile figures. The records, as
they stand, are as follows, all being
new except the one-mile:
One mile, 51 Vj seconds; two - miles,
1:46 2-5; three miles, 2:39 4-5; four miles,
3:35 3-5; five, miles, 4:29; six miles,
6:22 2-5; seven miles, 6:15 4-5; eight
miles, 7:09 1-5; nine miles, 8:04.
; The nine-mile record was the only
one not held by Oldfield, up to fifty
miles, and to-day's trial reduces it by
13 seconds.
May Sell Lipton Cup Winner.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 21.— The syndi
cate which purchased the sloop De
troit and had it shipped from Lake
Michigan to this city to enter the
Lipton cup races last summer has
announced that the vessel will be-dis
posed of. The announcement has
caused concern among yacht-racing
men here, as the Detroit is regarded
as the -fastest 'of. her class ">on the
coast, and the possession of the cup
is likely to pass with the sloop.
Wrestler Gotch Loses to Parr.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Dec. 21.— Frank
Gotch, the American, to-night lost a
handicap match to Jim Parr, the Eng
lish wrestler. Gotch undertook to
throw Parr three times in .an hour.
He won one fall in 36' minutes 30
seconds, and a second in. 17 minutes
and 10 seconds. This left only six
[minutes 'and twenty seconds for, Golch
to win the final. Parr. was in no dan
ger when time was . called.
Tommy Gilf rather Defeated.
: LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Dec. 21.
George Munroe of New York was giv
en the decision over Tommy Gilfeath
er after, fifteen rounds of fast fighting
in this city to-night. .
Police Judges ; Ixiarn Chemistry.
The Police Judges \ are " desirous to
be made acquainted with, mysteries" of
o3iemistry and yesterday Judge Fritz
took a lesson in the art from City
Chemist Bothe. Arrests are being
made daily of milk dealers who sell
milk under the standard and the
Judges, desire to familiarize them
selves with the method of arriving 1 at
the conclusion that Uhe -milk is" defi
cient in butter fat, ; the " standard beinsr
fixed at oer cent. Judge Cabanlss
will probably take his lesson to-day
. Many, a man who, wouldn't think of
telling a lie is ; an adept at side-step
ping the, truth.
HORSES WHICH-
FIGURE BEST
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First race —^Toupee, Young
Pepper. Al Waddle.
Second • race— David Boland,
The Reprobate, . Gallant Cassle.
Third race— Borjshesi, Dark-
some, Sunny -.Shore.
Fourth race^ — Claude, Mar-
tinmas, Iridius.
Fifth race— Stilicho, Flaunt,
Scherzo. . .-.■
Sixth race — Byronerdale,
Royalty. G. W. Trahern.
CLAUDE AMONG
THE ENTRIES
While,. devoid of, any striking fea
tures, the card at Oakland this after
noon is an evenly balanced" one. . In
the fourth event Charley Henshall's
useful performer, Martinmas, will
make his first appearance of the sea
son, meeting, among others Claude and
Iridius. The entries: ' v
1 First race — Five and a half furlongs, three
year-olds and up, "selling:
7677 Flo Manola (Daly) 107
729S 'DolHe H (Hart) 102
7515 Al Waddle (Jones) 110
7S32 'Young Pepper (Getchel) 102
7528 'Queen Fay (Murray) 10^ I
|5ltt Box Elder (Moran) 107'
Hal wells (Dayton & Kahn) 107
7581 Trupsetter (Ezell) ....110 ]
7577 'Standard (McAIester) 102
7507 Presidio (ZeUnsky) 107
757S Inspector Munro (Fox) 110
7558 Miss May Bowdlsh (Blaslngame) 107
7577 'Distributor (Neil) . ;102
7551 'Maxtreas (Kronlck & Co.) 102
7505 'Toupee (Clark) • 102
Second race — Five furlongs, two-year-olds,
selling:
753.3 "Saccharate (Napa Stock Farm).... . .100
CU04 M. A. Powell (Jones & I>usk) 103
7535 'Lady Greenwood (Cahill) 100
Nika (Ezell) 105
7577 Ben Eric (Blaslngame)...: 105
7C6O Mizpah (Summers) 105
'Alice Plan (Stevens & Son) 100
7579 'The Reprobate (Keene & Co.) 100
7491 'A Lady (Dodge). .^T. 100
75£N David Boland (Baird) 105
7457 Princess Zula (Lagoria & Forbes) 105
7501) 'Meada (Bianchl & Co.) 100
(75S7)'Uly Golding (Stanfleld & Ellis) 100
75o» 'Gallant Cassie (Miller) 100
Third' race — Seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and up, purse, maidens:
7500 Technique (Clifford) 101
7543 Jennie B (Bruhns)... ..100
Joe Gall (Parrlsh) 105
755S Tarrlgan (McCarthy) 105
7883 Sunny Shore (Dunn) 105
755S Thorndale (Murray) 105
755$ Darksome (Touhey) . . . 105
7521 Emma Reubold (Appleby) 100
Borghpsl (Moormead Farm) 108
CM2 Silicate (Jennings). 105
7521 Monla (Ezell).. 105
7542 Border Mark (O'Brien) 109
75<J3 Scotch Lad (J. Ryan) 108
7582 Introductor (T. Ryan) 10S
Fourth race — Six furlongs, all ages, purse.
75S5 Iridius (Jennings) 103
71S4 Magrane (Magrane) 104
75.11$ Claude (Daly) 112
7504 W. R. Condon (Ezell) 108
7501 Royal Rogue (Nealon) 105
(5035)Martlnma 9 (Henshall) . 105
7585 Squire Johnson (Miller) 88
7590 Albula (Lamasney) .....108
7552 Red Tip (Henderson) . 108
Fifth race — One mite and fifty yards, three
year-ohls and ur>, selling.
7571 •Vlporoso (Appleby) 94
7571 Toto Gratiot (Piedmont Stable) 102
7505 'Flaunt (Ryan) 104
7581 Canonlcus (Daly) 105
7470 'Rene (Lamasney) 91
75S2 Charmel (Brldjtett) 00
7571 Ilermencla (CahlU) 09
7505 Stilicho (Ferguson) ...- 90
(7571)'Idogo (Wilson) 104
Barrack (Barrett) 102
7594 'Maud Muller (Miller) 04
7583 Grafter (Blaslngame). 98
7f>*>5 'Waterspout (Smith) 100
7555 'Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 103
Sixth race — One and an eighth miles, three
year-olds and up, srlllnc.
7583 Harka (Ryan) 93
7544 'Royalty (Green) . . .104
7598 Colonel Anderson (McLaughlln) 105
(7583)Flylng Torpedo (Ezell) 10.1
75S.1 'G. W. Trahern (Summers) 104
759R 'Oro Viva (Rlley & McRae) 107
7584 'Byronerdale (Crane) 108
(7500)MelRter3lnper (Healey) 102
•Apprentice allowance.
STREET CAK TOSSES WAGON
AND HORSES INTO DITCH
Hnrry Ordway, the Amateur Fighter,
Badly Injured in the
Mixup.
Pierpont Ordway, generally known
as Harry Ordway, a well known ama
teur lighter, came within an ace of
winding up his earthly career yester
day. He was driving a team attached
to an express wagon up Ellis street
just east of Powell at 6:30 p. m.
yesterday when street car 1309, in
charge of Gripman Morton, ran into
the outfit.
Ordway; wagon, horses and all went
flying into the air and came down with
a crash into the excavation that is
being made along 4 V> north 'side: of
Ellis street at a point opposite Harry
Corbett's cafe. The struggling horses
kicked frantically and in the mixup
Ordway was hurt. It took about an
hour to extricate the outfit from its
position, during which time car traffic
in, that street .was, entirely suspended.
Ordway's injuries were painful — a kick
in the groin and '■ a laceration of one
ear— but he declined to go to the* hospi
tal, preferring to stay by His team. .
Partners Fall Out.
Bart.no Hessel considers that he has
been misled and mistreatedby Ferdi
nand Jung and has sued for a dissolu
tion of their copartnership in the
Standard Bottling Company. , Hessel
alleges that they agreed on November
IS to go into business together, each
to contribute a half ; of the capital.
When the contract of partnership was
presented it provided that Hessel
should . put up $5000 and Jung $2500,
but I Hessel says was induced to
sign upon Jung's" explanation that the
wording of . the contract \ was a mere
formality: and the original agreement
hold. On December 19, when
they were ready for business, says the
plaintiff,' Jung told him that he (Jung)
would have to have sole management
of the concern or would have nothing
to do with it. Hence, Hessel says,
they cannnot : agree.
Many Victims of Railway Wreck.
MENOMINEE,, Mich., Dec. 21.— The
fast train from Chicago to the copper
country on ; the ; Chicago, Milwaukee
and . St. Paul -'Railroad was wrecked
early, to-day by a broken rail near
here. Engineer Martin ... Gavan .and
Fireman Louis Miller were' killed and
fifteen persons Injured.
Employers : Rcje<?t Arbitration.
FALL RIVER; Mass., Dec. 21.— The
Fall' River, cotton ! manufacturers have
rejected - the proposition ~ for arbitra
tion by the" National Civic Federation,
submitted : by; the Textile Council ' and
ratified yesterday"; by mass-meetings
of. five unions.
BOXERS SHOW NO MARKS
AFTER DESPERATE FIGHT
Nelson Complains That the Referee Re
duced His Effectiveness bv His Actions.
After all their desperate fighting on
Tuesday night Jimmy Britt and Bat
tling Nelson were on the streets yes
terday, showing slight evidences of the
encounter through which they Wd
passed. Britt had a slight cut over his
left eye. which the majority of the
spectators at the fight thought was
caused by Nelson butting him with his
head. When Nelson's attention was
called to this injury he said he distinct
ly remembbered hitting Britt with his
right-hand and, that he hurt one of his
Knuckles when he delivered the blow.
Nelson was unmarked save for an un
natural pufflness about the hose. Britt
went to the matinee in the afternoon,
while Nelson strolled .about the sport-
Ing resorts discussing the fight with his
friends.
Nelson has had the experience of
many other bdxers who held out for a
particular referee i and then "thought
they were given the worst of^Jt. Nel
son ; is sure he- should have had no
worse than a draw decision, but it Js
not on this score that he feels the most
aggrieved. "Why dldnt Roche referee
this fight as he did my fight with Cor
bett?" asked Nelson. "In that fight he
let us go at it and made no attempt
either to pull us apart or to step be
tween us. On Tuesday night he gave
me the worst of all the breaks, and I
must have hit him forty times in my
efforts to reach Britt ,while he was in
my way. I think he should have dis
qualified Britt for hanging on. as the
Queensberry rules Btate explicitly that
a man must not hang on. If we had
HOLIDAY STAKE
FOR GREYHOUNDS
Special Event Will Be De
cided at Union Coursing
Park on Monday Next
In accerdance with a custom estab
lished years ago, there will be no cours
ing at Union-Park on Sunday, Christ
mas day. A holiday stake will be run
on Monday. The entries were limited
to forty-eight greyhounds and equality
was sought in the selection of the dogs,
The stake bears an open look and the
ultimate winner will be hard to pick.
The draw last night resulted as fol
lows: .
Sunnybrook vs. Aeolus; Miss . Green vs.
Checkers; Mlmlco 1 vs. Runaway Actress; The
Sheriff vs. Rapid Water; Rey Dare vs. Dun
can; Forest Fire vs. Miss Lucille: Dorothy M
vs. Klttleman; Jigamaroo vs. Little Mercy:
General Dewet vs. Foxhunter; Cranberry Sauce
vs Texas Mamie; Bella Lloyd vs. Yellowstone;
Presto vs. Ina Clssus; Baby Aurora vs. Stroc;
Belfast vs. lone Hill: Frisky Boy vs. Idaho
Boy Medea vs. Quicksand; Lucy Glitters vs.
Proper; Texas Hoo Hoo vs. Story's Sister; Van
Nora vs. Ready Address; Mickey Free vs.
Graceful; Stlngaree vs. May Tunnlson; Fiery
Cross vs. Clover Blossom; Nellie Wise vs. Me-
Henry; Becky Sharp vs. Kallspel.
POLICE MAKE RAID
ON BELDEN PLACE
Twenty-Six Women Are Taken Into
Custody by Captain Duke and
Ills Squad.
Captain of Police Duke took initial
steps last night toward the permanent
closing of Belden place, a notorious
alley running from Pine to Bush
street, between Kearny and Mont
gomery. Assisted by. Sergeant Shaw
and sixteen patrolmen in citizens'
clothesi he raided eight houses locat
ed on the thoroughfare and arrested
twenty-six women. All were taken to
the Central police station, where they
were charged with vagrancy.
When the women arrived at the
prison Duke announced to them that
it was the intention of the police to
close the alley and that the houses
could be rio longer. used for their pres
ent purposes. He stated that arrests
would be made nightly and urged the
women to seek other quarters. Soon
after the women were booked an at
tornf-; arrived at the Hall of Justice
and the prisoners were bailed out at
the rate of $25 apiece. Several other
attempts have been made to close the
place, but after each raid the police
were prevented from going further on
account of the issuing of injunctions.
BUREAU OF INFORMATION
FOR THE WOMEN'S, CLUBS
New Plan Soon to Be Instituted by
Mrs. Sarah Platt Decker
of Denver.
DENVER, Dec. 21.— Mrs. Sarah
Platt Decker, president of the Nation
al Federation of "Women's Clubs, to
day announced tfiat ; she had about
completed arrangements for the es
tablishment of a bureau of informa
tion: Information will be collected
concerning the work. of women in. this
country, their clubs, ; their reforms
and all the matters in which they are
Interested. .From time to time bul
letins will be sent out. /These bulle
tins . will contain messages from the
president and 'general ,- information
concerning the work of the federation.
Any questions will be answered if
they, are sent to the official bureau.
VERMONT HILLS STRIPPED
OF CHRISTMAS TREES
Green Mountains , Denuded of the
Spruce to Supply New York
.and Boston.
. BURLINGTON, Vt., Dec. 21. — More
than' 1,000,000 Christmas trees have
been taken from ; the sides of the
Green Mountains to supply' in part the
wants of New York -and Boston.; Most
of .these: trees have been cut in the
vicinity of Healdsville, Mount Holly,
Cuttingsville and Shrewsbury.
Throughout . the .'rest , of the . Green
Mountain range the trees had been cut
in . former years and now.- Vermont is
stated to"" be practically destitute of
young spruce trees. .
The prices paid for. .the trees vary
from 1 cent to 50 cents on the stump.
Their : selling prices in the cities vary
from; 50 cents, to $5. ......
The man 5 who aims to get there with
bith feet has two soles with but a'sin
gle'thought.' • • • • . •
been let alone we would have been
fighting ourselves free In two or "three
rounds.
NELSON* DISCUSSES REFEREE.
"It .was agreed upon and announced
that we would break at the order of the
referee.' The latter must have had a
different idea, as his first act was to
take off his coat, vest, collar and neck
tie, apparently prepared to struggle
with us. There never was a time during
theflght thatl was dazed or in any dan
ger of going out. In order to draw
Britt's fire I deliberately dropped my
hands, on a couple of occasions and
feigned grogginesa in order to tempt
him into mixing with me. The moment
I started to punch he went back to his
holding tactics and reduced my ef
fectivejiesp. Britt is not a hard hitter,
ns there was no steam In any of his
blows. As an evidence of this there
is not a sore spot on my body to-day."
The* friends of Britt saw many
chances he overlooked. He paid a lot
of attention to Nelson's head after he
found that the Dane could not be hurt
there. He had many chances to send
in a right to the heart, but he seemed
to overlook them entirely. lie worked
his way out of a % corner once in clever
style, but several times after that he
let Nelson corner him and did not try
to sidestep the Dane as he rushed in
head down. Britt fought from the
start like a man who had made up his
mind to stave off defeat by every
means in his power rather than take
a chanc" of scoring a decisive victory.
RECEIPTS ARE DECEPTIVE.
Although the attendance was prob-
BAYNE DEFEATS GREEN
IN HANDBALL TOURNEY
Large Gallery Witnesses Exciting
Match in the Court of the
• Olympic Club.
Fred Bayne defeated Monroe Green
in the handball tournament last night
at the Olympic Club. Two games were
necessary \ to decide the match and
both were played at a terrific pace.
Bayne was all over the court, smash
ing and killing like a champion.
Green never let up at any stage and
Bayne was forced to do his best.
There was a large gallery present and
the contest was conceded to be the
best of the tournament. Bayne Is the
class of the tournament and should
win first prize. Scores, Bayne, 21-21;
Green. 17-13.
In the second class F. W. Krone de
faulted to L. Kerfoot.
In. the third class Kaspar Harris de
feated H. G. Selig in two straight
games. Scores, 21-12, 21-15.
To-morrow night Dr. Converse and
Hugo Poheim will play for first class
honors. F. Barkan and R. Selig will
meet in the second class, while F. J.
Foran and M. J. Tansey will play in
the third class.
The games were refereed by "Hel
ney" Cory and" scored by Al Hampton.
Has Burglar Arrested.
Miss Minnie Long, who lives at 109
Taylor street, arrived home early last
Monday morning and discovered
Frank McAndiless in the act of rob
bing her room. Before she could
make an outcry McAndiless made his
escape with a sealskin coat and $20 in
coin. Last night Miss Long saw the
intruder on Market street, and, calling
an officer, had him taken Into custody.
McAndiless was charged with bur
glary. He entered the room by means
of a skeleton key.
Men, B Want to Talk to
You About This Belt.
/^ySfcfc I want to talk to men who have pains tnd
/3|p*s£A aches, who feel run down physically, who re-
Etff s~g. J alize that the old "fire" and energy which was
• v2& 5 so evident in youth is absent now; men who
\&u_2SL can't stand the amount of exertion they could
AS^SraSjf years ago. I want you —
: ! > \ .. j /vTrx /£ that means y° u — to see
\flr J 7^|fta. /wfik T nat * navc one f° r
s^^' \^ //v^^W 1 otncrs who were just as
/ Wi™ ;$& bad of! - That ' 5 m y in "
/ M \^^VW^Wi&W troduction. If a friend in
I /*§! presented some one to
\ gPjr&S "^"lYyffir^&aSI^ here's . Brown; he has mad;
X^^f vXl^^l*\o! S good with me, and I trust him,"
\ % Jt£ffi];3&S8aLi£& wouldn't you trust him, too?
tJ^ffBMUB "*"'V^- Now, if you don't feel right,
'^ISf^^lil'i^r^ 1 __*—»— I can cure you with my Electric
zfeMpBrSii^^r"-"™ Bclt - If you are ful1 of rheu "
— -"iSS^^a V^S~*~~~ " r^ rnatic pains. I can knock them
i i ? ut> I can pour °^ ' nto your
' -^^fiH^*^ffl»'w B«^<r>-^ joints and limber them up. I
/ >-^i!i^Jy'F^»3'Ci* \ have often said that pain and
\\ -^^l^/i'i'^a^^a electricity can't live ' in the same
\% \\v^Y ' ' SsHSi house, and I prove it every day.
\ {; * J '/ ' ! I •[ tSCaEfSraB " l have be«n Improving rUht alon». I don"t
}|:t I ! Hi! SlCJWiTft ' r ' t ll >" eJ . as l used t0 : ra > r appetite Is urood,
i:/|S I i'lwi^^l*i«L digestion perfect, I fe*l as strong aa I ev*r
ifn I Pi'ffliS"^ waa and thanlt >' ou ve ry much for 'your ••-
/ lIlLlJ Cm i"* »lst»nce «nd »dvl?«."
W^ it IlliW . tt It w«re not for the oraindice due to
the rreat number of fatea la the la-ad I
n^tt'W^W^J • would cot h« able to handle tha bualaasa
il(ui!j/*^i7**tf tl1 ** would come to m«. The "Pre« B«lt"
iIII!lnH-S ™ fraul ivsd the "Tree Draar" nciiame.
ni|U"""W"«. which art not fx«e at all, havt mad*
every one tioptlc^l, Irnt I kaov that Z
have a rood thiaar. and 111 hammer »wbt ttatll y<m Itnow It.
One thing every man ought to know is this. Your body is a
machine. It- runs by the steam in your blood and nerves. When you
begin to break down in any way you 'are out of steam. That's just
what I want to*give you back. «_ . ... =
I have a cure ta every town. Tell me where yon lrr* and Z will rive
yon the name of a msa I've cured.
Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether. I ctn
cure you' or not. If I can't cure you I don't want :#ur money. I
have been in this business 22 years, and I am the biggest man in it
to-day by long odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every
.man all he pays for. . .- *}
Now; wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving appliance while
you sleep every night, 1 , and feeJL its glowing warmth flowing into you
and feel yourself taking on a new lease of life with each application
than to clog your intestines up with a lot of nauseous druzs 5 Sureiv»
Try me. ■ ■ j. ' s - e, ■ j .
Mr. H.VA. Berkenkamp Of CUrk'nbursr. Cal.. says: "I am completely cured of
an unuiually »^ye ca»e of rheumatism. *oro«th!nE dosea. of doctors t-a.lt trl°d
S?Sn: n .tl^r f^^^^ r Iln."1S^^/^ no '"*""«™
If yovr'will come and see me 1*11 explain It to you. If you can't call let
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin ?o« jub«t sT.AboVe am,
:. . Ofnc. haurs-8 a. m. »„> v.^JSu^ 00 ' ° A^
ably the largest numerically ever gath
ered at a fight here, the receipts did
not come up to the expectations of the
fighters. Tha tickets when counted
thowed gross receipts of $26,900. Of this
the fighters' share was $14,795. Of this
Britt received SS877. while Nelson re
ceived $5918. The club's share was
{12,105. The expense of promoting tha
nffair was about $2000, leaving a net
profit to the club of about $10,000.
The club managers are already figur
ing on fights for January and Febru
ary. The application of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club for the January per
mit will come up before the Super
visors' Police Committee this after
noon. Alex Greggains is anxious to
match Britt and Jimmy Gardner. If
Britt does not want to fight next month
the Hayes Valley Club would like to
handle a fight with him as principal in
February.
Young Corbett's popularity with the
public was attested by the reception
given him in the ring on Tuesday night.
In view of a possible engagement he
will settle down to-day, probaBTy at
Shannon's villa, near San Rafael, and
will go through a severe course of train
ing under the direction of Frank Mc-
Donald. He expects to work so hard
this time that he will bring himself
down to 1?R pounds, a notch he ha.i not
reached in many years. He figures
that the amount of work he will do to
bring himself to, that figure will put
him in condition to fight for his life.
He is willing to meet Britt or Nelson at
1"2 pounds, the weighing to be don»
at S o'clock on the day of the fight.
MINING COMPANY SAYS
NEIGHBOR FILCHES ORE
Suit for $300,000 Damages for Rich
Rock Said to Have Been Taken
In Two Years.
A suit for $300,000 damages waa
begun in the Superior Court yester
day by the Champion Mines Company
against the Home Gold Mining Com
pany, owners of adjoining property in
Nevada County. An injunction is also
asked for preventing the defendant
corporation from extracting ore from
the ground belonging to the plain
tiff.
The Champion company says that it
and its predecessors have been in pos
session of its claims for more than
ten years and have expended $1,000.
000 in Improvements. For two years
past, it is charged, the Home com
pany, through underground work
ings, has entered into the ground of
the plaintiff and extracted ores to the
value of $500,000, the proceeds from
which have been $300,000.
Judge Seawell issued a temporary
injunction and an order to show cause
returnable January 6. Campbell. Met
son & Campbell are attorneys for the
plaintiff.
Bicycle Thief Caught.
John H. Jule, a bartender, 21 yeara
old. was arrested yesterday and
charged at the City Hall station with
grand larceny. Jule Is accused of
having stolen a bicycle belonging to
F. H. Stlnman, which the latter left
lying outside of a jewelry store on
Third street. Jule tried to dispose of
the vehicle to a bicycle house on Lar
kln street. The proprietor of the
store recognized the bicycle as the one
he sold to Stlnman. He became sus
picious and called a police officer to
arrest Jule.
ADVERTISEMENTS.WILL LEAVE ON VENTURA
Many Prominent f Australians
Take Passage on Oceanic
Steamship Company's Liner
Sailing Postponed Until To-
Morrow Night on Account
of the Mails Being Late
Mariposa's Midwinter Trip to
Summorlaud Proving At
tractive to Seekers of Rest
«.
■ O-wrinj? to the late arrival at New
Tork of the British -Australian mails
the Oceanic Steamship Company's
Uner Ventura, Captain Ha>T\*ard,
scheduled to sail for the Antipodes
this afternoon, will not get away until
8 o'clock to-morrow evening. The
time lost in waiting will be made up
on the journey across the Pacific and
the Ventura's schedule will be in tune
again by the time she reaches the
first colonial port.
This making up of time lost by the
<lher fellow is an old story with the
Ventura and her sisters, ■ Sonoma
and Sierra. Since the days when the
Alameda and Mariposa carried the
mail bf-lvret-n here and the Antipodes
>v ith the regularity of clockwork, the
;»urden of maintaining the service be
iwen England and Australia has
i-iien heaviest on the Oceanic Com
pany s liners. Notwithstanding the fact
thai the run from here to Australia
i* the longest stage on the mail route,
itu- San Francisco-Sydney service has
!"«K been pointed out as the nearest
thins to perfection iu the line of mail
transportation. The Ventura and her
Fis-ters not only have kept faithfully
if their schedules in all kinds of
weather, but have done it when handi
capped by delays at this end caused by
lardy Atlantic liners and slower over
land trains. The service contributed
by these three boats is accepted all
over the world as the standard of per
fection in mail carrying and the one
line which never causes the postal au
ihoriiies a moment's worry.
Many prominent Australians will
.vail from here on the Ventura, which
will carry a full complement of
through passengers. Among the pas
sf-Tigers will be: Mr. and Mrs. Mar
trery of Adelaide; Dr. and Mrs. H. T. J.
Thacker of Christehurch. Xew Zea
land: O. H. Bosch of the firm of
liosch.. Barf ell. & Co. of Sydney: Mr.
:uid Mrs. Fred Scarlett of Melbourne
:'nd Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Clarkson of
Canterbury, Xew Zealand.
Commander C. B. T. Moore of the
navy travels on the liner to Tutuila.
where Commander Moore will be Mili
tary Governor. He will be accom
panied by Mrs. Moore. Dr. Jur Shun
jimiyao of the Japanese customs ser
vice v.ill be a passenger on the Ven
tura to Sydney.
•
Fo Summerland in Midwinter
i he liner iipnnosa, '/a'Jtam l^awiess. wmen
i« due to-morrow from Tahiti, will sail acaln
for the South Sea port r.n December 31. Many
i are tal-rlnc advantage of thi» trip for
a midwinter rert from the social whirl anil
«li»n the Mariposa leaver for eunimerland it
«iM be m-ith a Jolly crowd 5n hpr romfortable
■ •j'tiins. In addition to the !»ociety peop!?
•••< king re-Ft in ideal form E. W. Darling. th»
Stanford ptodent. niiose Ideas of dress have
» number cf tim*s conflicted with the Police
Department'* notion of «-onventional attire.
wlil be a payynger. Darling calls himself
'"the nature man" and goes to Tahiti in pearf-h
o* a Fpoi whpre he can !.;.sk in the tropic
runrhine a* liehtly clad as he likes. He
1*><1 it in HonoJulu. but found that the polir-e
of the irlard pert had the same narrow
prejudice against unconventional attir^ that
made the San Francisco blueroats objectioh
iible. He hopes to flnd in Tahiti a place wnere
Mr*. Grundy has not usurped throve of
mother nature a^d where nature men can be
tntc io their undraped id«al?.
»
Marion Chilcott Sail?
The Matfon Navigation company » ship
Marlon Chilcott, which v.in tnwed to Mon
terey by the tug DauntWe. sailed j egterdajr
morning I rcm Monterey for . Honolulu with a
cargo of fuel oil. ,
+——. —
The Overdue LL«t
Tfcei» wa» no rriar.jtf yesterday in tne over
duo list. Th« Edith XTary Is quoted at To
per cent sued the Brier Holme at 85 per cer.t.
• .• !
Alaineda Sails From Honolulu.
Th» Oceanic Steam»»iip <:omj>anys liner
Alameda, Captain Dowdell. sallr-d from Hono
lulu at 9 o'clock yesterday morning for this
port.
» ■■ - -
Water Front Notes
The K<5*ttjos . liner Acubl*. from IIambur«.
. l^ft Mazatlan on Tuesrlay for this port.
The sle&mehiD Enterprise sailM yesterday
for Hilo.
Tb» British ship ft- Mirren. which arrived
h»>re February 5. cleared yesterday for Guam.
The Far-iflc Mall i orapanv'i liner Korea
«rri\-e4 yesterday at Yokohama.
♦
XEWS ,OF THE OCEAX.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
The bark Annie Johnson will load general
r»rto h^re ior Honolulu and not for the Orient,
as erroneously reported.
To Sail in RallaM
The French bark Jolnville will proceed in
bai'.ast to New C^aledcnla.
•
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. .
Wednesday. l>ecrmber 21.
P'mr Nowsboy. Le*. 3tJ hour* from Crescent
City.
stmr AurelU. Erlckscn, 64 hour* from Co
lumbia River.
Stmr Fanla Barbara, Zaddart, 34 hours from
6an Pedro.
Stmr K«mr>?.. Mads»n. 16 hours from Caspar;
bound south; j*ut In lo land pas*crt»;er5.
Ptmr O!ia. Reinerti<«i, IS hour* from Al
bion.
I CLEANED.
Wednesday. December 21.
Ptmr Qu<-*n. Cousins, Victoria, etc; Pacific <
Coast Ftram*hi:> '"omi>any. !
Stn:r roroan. Cielow, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Ft*arr»eh1p Company.
fitmr Stale or California. Tnomas. San Di<
*ro and way port*; Pactflc Coa»t Steamship
Company.
Stmr Enterprise. Youngjrxen. Hllo; J D
F;>re<kelii /.- Bro« Co.
Br ship 6t Mirren. Mackhart. Guam; E C
Evasa.
Fr bark/Brena. Bertet. Adelaide; F Henry.
SAILED. •
'Vedncaday. December 21.
fcftrar Vanguard. Odland. Eureka.
Ftrar Coo« Bay, Nicolson. San Pedro and
way oorts.
Pimr Czarina, Johnson. Cooa Bay.
• ftmr Queen. Cousins,' Victoria, etc.
Ptmr Mad»en. Caspar.
• Stmr <Virona, GIpIow. Uureka.
Stmr Alcatraz. Olsen. Point Arena.
r-tmr EmwDrise. Younsxren. Hllo. . . •
Stmr Brunswick. ESlefarn, Kort Bra*;*.
Fr , bark General Paidhei be, Christleo.
Kydney.
Fr bark Guethar>', Thoumire. Quernstowo
Schr Fauaalito. Dahloff, Grays Harbor.
Srhr Heury Wilson, Johnson. Gray* Harbor.
s< hr John A. Olsen. Eureka.
SPOKEN.-
Dee 17— Off Castle Island, stmr Adraiyse,
from New York, for Colon. • y
TELEGRAPHIC. /
POINT LOBOS. Dec 21. 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind NW; velocity four miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec CO— Stmr New
burs, fcmce Dec IK; »irar Aberdeen, heace
Dec 2C.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 20— U S istmr
Bumside, from Alaska.
Sailed De-: SI — Stmr Geo Loom!*, ■ for San
KranriEco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Dec 21 — Stmr
Bcnita. for San Francisco.
Sailed Dec 21— Stmr Santa Roca. for Ean
I*rancia«>.
COOS BAT— Arrived Deo 20r-Stmr Break
water, hrnce Dec 19.
SallM Dec 21— Stmr Alliance, for Aetorla.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 20— Stmr F A KU
burn, hem-e Dfc IT, via Coon Bay and Kureka.
Dec 21— Slmr Bee. hence Dec IS.
Sailed I«?c 21— Stmr Whlttler and bktn Ful-
Irrtnn for San Franria-o
BKI.LIXGHAM — Arrived Dee 21— Stmr
Shasta hem.-* Dec 17.
MIT KILTEO— Sailed Dec 21— Etmr Robert
Dollar, for San Pedro.
TATOOPH— Pa?F?<l in Dec 21— Stmr Jeanle,
hence Dec 17 for Seattle.
PORT OAMDI.E— Arrived Dec 21— Br ehlp
Clan Graham, hence Nov 30.
MONTEREY- Hailed Dec 21— Ship Marion
Chilcctt. for Honolulu.
FOr.T BRAGG— Sailed Dec 21— Slmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Dec 21 — Stmrs Xoj-o, Po
mona, Fulton. Phoenix and Eureka and schr
Eva 'or San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR Dec 21— Followins in
list of bar-bo-und vesi*el5 here: Stmr*, Che
hali!>. Centralia. Prentls?, Homer: schra. John
A Campbell. Sailor Bey, Transit. Chas R Wil
son; bktn Gardiner City: schr Chas E Falk.
for San Francit«co; O S urar Heather, for
Pugct Sound: schr Wm 'Witzemann, for Re
dendo: schr Ottllie Fjord, for Santa Barbara:
Fchr Laura Madsen. for Guaymas: nchr W .1
Pattf-rson. for Valparaiso: sc-hrs Nokomls and
Arfc-us. for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 21— Schr Dora
Bluhm. for Eureka.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 2O— Bktn Skaglt.
from Pert Ludlow: stmr Marshfield, from
Hardy Creek. Dec 21 — Stmr Coquille River,
from Crescent City: Ftmr Jas S Higgins. hence
Dec 10; »tmr Si-otia. from Bowens Landing-;
stmr Santa Monica hence Dec 19.
Sailed Dec 21— Bark Haydn Brown, for Co
lumbia River: ctrar Cocullle River, fcr San
Diego.
' PORT Rl.AKEL.EY— Sailed Dec 21— Schr
Wm Bon-den, for Port Hsdlock; Br ship Port
CaU-donla. for Port Gamble.
PORT IfARFORD— Sailed Dec 21, midnight
— Strnr Bonita. for San Francisco. •
IfLAXD PORTS. '
KAANAPAI.I— Arrived Dec IT— Schr Aloha
from Seattle. - .
HONOLULU— Sailed D<* 21— Stmr Alameda
for San Francisco.
EASTER-N PORTS
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 21— Br itmr
S^sruranca. trim Colon.
Sai!e<l Dec 20 — Stmr' City of Washington,
fcr Color.. •
BOSTON— Arrived jy rr 20— Br stmr Border
Knighr, from Calcutta.
FOREIGN PORTS
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 1C— Ger stmr
Xicorm-<Jia. from Portland. Dec 20— Br ptmr
Deucalion, from Tacoma.
ADEN— Arrived l»ec 20 — Br Ftmr Indra
pura. from New Ycrk.
HARWICH— Arrived Dec 19— Fr bark Marie
Molirio*. h»>nce July 2». .
HONGKONG— Arrived Dec 2f>— Br gtmr
Eiurr^ss of China, from Vancouver.
IQLIQtTE— Arrived Nov 21 — Br uhlp Celtic
Chief, from Callao.
LONDON— Arrived Dec 20— Br ehlo Nor
wood, frcm Manila.
FERNANDO DE NORONHA— Paf«ed oft
Dec 3— Ger *tmr Seras>i». from Hamburar. for
San Franriseo.
DUNGENESS— Passed Dec 20— Br shlo Bar
core, from' Shields, for San Francisco.
ST LUCIA— Sailed l>ec 14— Br etmr South
Australia, for Ba'tiir.orp.
MAZATLAN— Ha il»d Dec 20— Ger etmr Aun
bls. for San Francisco.
CORONEL— Arrived Dec 17 — Ger Btmr
Denderah. from Mambure. for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Korea.
henc«» Dec 3.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Dee 21— U S jtmr
New York, hence S«pt 17; D S »tmr Bennlnjr
ton, »ience Oct 27; U S atmr Marblehead.
Iic-nee Oct 17. .
ANTWERP— In port Dec 6hlp Sutley.
for Ran Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Peru
gia, from Naples; etrar Kroonland. from Ant
werp; stmr Menominee. from Ixsndcfl.
Sailed Dec 21 — Stmr Bovle, for Liverpool:
etmr Rotterdam, for Rotterdam; «tmr Ma
jestic, for Liverpool: etmr 'United States, fcr
ChriFtiansand anil Copenhagen.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Dec 21 — Stmr Siberian,
for Halifax; stror Cedrlc, for New York.
ANTWERP— Rallea Dec 21— Stmr Lancas
trian, for Boaton.
NAPLES— Soiled Dec 21— Stmr Prim Adel
bert. for New . York; stmr x Canonic, from
Genca and Palewrto, for Beaton.
Arrived -Dec 21 — Stmr Italia, from New
York.
COPENHAGEN*— Arrived I>ec 21— Stmr H<>!
liRolav. from New \'ork.
IX>N DON— Arrived Dec 21— Stmr Minne
haha. Iron; New York.
WUEENSTOWN— Arrived , Dec . 21— Stmr
Oceanic, from New York.
.Memoranda.
NEW YORK— Arrived D?f 21— Br stmr Hln
iuytar. from Yokohama, and reports had rough
sean, which swept tarpaullnn off Xo. 3 hatch
and caused damace about decks.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coaet and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
.it Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
XOTE — The hijrh and : low waters occur at
the city front. {Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide |a the same at both places.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 22.
Run rises ..1 7:22
Sun sets 4 :.'.."■
Moon rises (full) 0:00 p. m.
C~~flm7] |TUn*J ITIniej Time!
£ Ft. I 'Ft. I f Ft. 1 Ft.
? L W| |H "SV| JL \V| H WJ
22 1 4:21} 2.8110:23 i!»j*5:27j— O.8J... . .(
[H W - lL VV H W| L Wj
23 1 0:S7| 4.8| 5:05 2.9|ll:05! 5.81 6:08J— 0.»
XOTp — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning ' tides are. Riven In . the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except wfcen there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are In
addition to the sounding* of the United: States
Coast Surrey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
Riven la subtracted from the depth given by
the charte. The plane of, reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographie Offlce. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
December 21. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. .BUHNETT.
Lieutenant. U, S. N...In charge.
NEW TREASURY nUL.INO.-R. B. Arm
strong. Assistant Feoretary of the Treasury,
has Inrtructed the customs authorities to treat
merchandise belonging to the officers and crew
of foreign v*-esel« as the bagffage of passen
gers, requiring declarations as In the caw of
passenger*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY-;/ DECEMBER ! 22. 1904.
OIL CARRIER MARION CHILCOTT.
WHICH SAILED YESTERDAY
FROM MONTEREY FOR HONO
LULU.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE,
Steamer. From. ! Due.
Elizabeth Coquille River. I Dec. 22
CMco Coquille River ?Dec. 22
Eureka Humboldt ! Dec. 22
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 22
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 23
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Dec. 22
City Puebla.. P.uget Scund Ports JDec. 22
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.! Dec. 22
Centralia Grays Harbor iDec. 23
tfcko Hamburg & Way Pts. Dec. 21
San Jose New York via Aneon. Dec.-fS
North Fork.. Humboldt Dec. 23
Mariposa JTahltl Dec. 23
Arjjo Eel River Ports : Dec. 23
ChMiall*; Gray* Harbor Dec. 1*3
Norwood. 1 Seattle !Dec. 23
Sequoia I Pan Pedro IDec. ii
Homer Grays Harbor IDec. 24
Breakwater.. Cooa Bay !Dec. 24
la<iu» ! Portland & Astoria iDec. 24
Northland San Pedro 'Dec. 24
G. \V. Elder.. Portland & Astoria... ,i Dec. 25
G. Undauer.. Grays Harbor Dec. 25
Anubls Hamburg; & Way PortsjDec. 25
Corona Humboldt IDec. 25
Arcata Coos Bay I Dec. 25
Del None | Crrscent City Dec. 26
Kewburr ! Grays Harbor (Dec. 26
State of Cal.. I San Diego &• Way Pts. Dec. 2«
Coo* Bay j Pan Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 2rt
Czarina Coos Ray Dec. 26
S.Monica San Pedro 'Dec. 27
Tottenham... Oyster Harbor (Dec. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 27
Alameda Honolulu Dfe. 27
r mat ilia ] Pug^t Sound Ports Dec. 'Si
Nebraskan... : Seattle Dec. 27
Porno j Point Arena & Albion. Dec. 27
Arctic i Humboldt Dec. 27
G. Dollar ! Grays Harbor Dec. 2K
City Para j New York via Ancoh. .IDec. 28
F. Kllbum...j Portland & £oos Bay. [Dec. 28
Rainier ! Seattle A nellinnham. . IDec. IS
Coronado | Grays Harbor |Dec. 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria IDec. :;i)
China China & Japan IDec. ; 111
.leanie Seattle & Tacoma IDec. 3 1
Queen | Pugft Sound Ports....] Jan. 1
TO SAIL,
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Decemfcer 22. j f
San Pedro.. Humboldt 2 pm|Pler 2
Elizabeth.. Coquille River S pmiPler 2(»
Redondo... Portland & Way.. 5 pm Pier 2
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion « pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 8 amiPier 11
S.Barbara. Grays Harbor ...J 4 pmiPler 2
December 23. j j
Centralia... Los Angeles Port«. 110 amlPler If)
Columbia.. Astoria &. Portland 11 amiPier 21
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 8 pmlPler 7
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 12 m|Pler 21)
Chehalis... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmjPlar 2
Norwood... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmiPler 2
' December 24. j
Point Arenal Point Arena 4 pm'Pler 2
I City Peking) China & Japan 12 m!Pier 40
Amelia Aftoria & Portland! 4 pm|Pler 27
Eureka Humboldt ! !» amlPler 13
Pomona Hurr.boldt '. :.jl:30 pJPl«r f»
Montara... Seattle, direct j 4 pmiPler 1»
Northland. Astoria & Portland) 5 pm|Fler 27
December 35. i
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 amJPier 11
December 26. |
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 amiPier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. It amiPier 9
Breakwater. Cooa Bay direct. ...j 5 pm'Pler 8
Argo Eel River Ports. . .| 4 pm! Pier 2
December 27. 1 |
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 110 amlPler 2
Corona Humboldt !l:30pPler l»
N. Fork Humboldt I ft am|Pier 20
Arcata Cooa Bay direct. ..|12 m| Pier IS
; December 28. | |
Homer ! Grays Harbor J pmiPitr 2
I Arctic Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
i Mongolia... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
! G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 24
i December 29. | ; „
Newburg... Grays Harbor...... 4 pmjPier 10
' G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 6 pxn Pier 2
Coos Hay. .. San Pedro & Way. & amJPier 11
December 30. |
Alaskan.... New York direct Pier —
December 31. ■ ■ . " -
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPler »
Alameda... Honolulu It am! Pier 7
San Jose..'. N.-Y. via Ancon..l2 m Pier 40
F. Kllburn. Portland & Way... 4 pm Pier 27
Rainier Seattle & Bllnghm| 4 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. ' Sails.
I Ramona Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 28
1 Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 30
I Cottage City. . Skagway &. Way Ports. Dec. 31
', Santa Ana... i Seldovia & Way Ports.|Jan. 1
; City Must Pay Debts.
ji Judge Hebbard yesterday declared
'from the bench that he could never
! understand why individuals should be
J required to pay their debts and the
I city and county evade them. There
i fore he decided that the city and
county should pay $2200 to twenty
one men who were employed as extras
in Tax Collector Smith's offlce during
the month of JMay. The suit was
brought by James A. Code, who, with
eighteen others, was employed as an
extra clerk in the office at a salary of
5100 a month, and at. the same time
an acting cashier and acting, searcher
were employed at $150. The city ad
mitted that -the men had been regu
larly employed, but pleaded -that ! the
$36,000 appropriated for %xtra help
in the tax office had been previously
expended.
AVeather Report.
(120th Meridian. Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 21—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati 42-22 (Philadelphia 34-2S
Boston .1b-2(S Washington 40-30
Jacksonville 56-38 New York .... 36-2U
St. Louis 44-28, Pittsburg 38-24
Chicago 32-14 Honolulu, H. I....7G-72
New Orleans i>4-HJ
SAN FRANCISCO 48-38
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date i\% compared wlih those of the same date
last season and the rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
E.-J«"ka 12 11. fo 17.84
Red Bluff T. 11.61 11.82
Sacramento T. 7.00 4.44,
San Francisco 00 9.00 6.02
Fresno 00 0.07" .90
Independence 00 .45 .42
San Luis ObUpo 00 4.75 .82
I/OS Angeles 00 1.48 .4.1
San Diego 00 .23 .42
THE COAST RECORD.
5 K 2 O » >3
3 v" 2E *i i»
STATIONS. | |||| |f |a I
• i '%: c ; •; §
53: • ?
! Baker 20.74 40 80 NW Rain .01
; Carson 29.68 68 10 W Cloudy .00
I Crescent 20.72 44 . . SW Pt.Cldy .50
, Eureka 29. UH 4S 40 KB Cloudy .11!
r Fresno 20.80 52 .10 NW Cloudy 00
Flagstaff 29.92 "rf> lfl w Cloudy <iO.
Independence .29.74 M-2S SE Cloudy .00
Los Angeles.. 29. S2 68 48 8 Cloudy .00
Ml. Tamalpals29.fc5 M ?48' NW Fog - .00
North Head.. .29. 80 44 42 W Cloudy .18
Phoenix ..2».S4 -7<> r '4O E Cloudy .00
Pocatrllo 2!>.74 4ti 24 W Cloudy 00
Pt. Reyes Lt..20.7s 50 47 NW Cloudv .00
Portland 29.S6 fi2 44 W Cloudy .12
I R<d Bluff 2D. 84 44 38 S Cloudy T.
I Rosf-burg 29.94 4« 44 SW Cloudy .22
■ Sacramento ..29.8fi '42 3s SE Rain T
I Salt Lake 29. 7<! M 2s NW Cloudy .ft)
j San Francisco.29,8M 4« 38 SE Cloudy OO
: SE. Farallon.. 29. S.: »52 49 NW Rain T.
; S. L. Oblspo...2».M2 70 42 S t-ioudy '.00
1 San Ditgo 29.82 «6 51 S Cloudy .00
; Seattle 2a. 78 46 :<t SE Pt.Cldy .28
; Spokane 2.0.74 3S 24 S Cloudy* T.
Walla Walla.. 20. 74 48 34 S Cloudy .01
Wlnnemucca -.29.72 44 28 NE Cloudy .00
Yuma 20.82 70 42 NE Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
i A FORECAST.
I • 'flhe pressure has fallen rapidly over Nevada
and Utah. Rain has Callen in California from
San Francisco northward and conditions are
• m(;r« favorable- for showers. /
The following hith .wind* are reported:
North Head, :;ti mile*, northwest: Eureka, 20
miles, northeast; Point Reyes, tiO miles, north
west: Farallon. 3fl mile*, northwest; Mount
Tamaipals, Co miles, northwest.
For?cast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
I hours, ending midnight, December 22:
i • California, north of Tchaehapi — Showers on
i Thursday: fresh south winds. V ,
California, south of . Tehachapi — Showers on
Thursday; fresh southerly winds.
Nevada — Light rain or *now Thursday;
cooler. •
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, un
settled weather Thursday, with showers; south'
er!y wlndB changing to westerly.
1.0s Angeles and vicinity— Showers Thurs
day; fresh southerly winds.
Sacramento — Showers Thursday; southerly
winds.
Fresno — Cloudy Thursday, probably showers;
northerly winds. •'
4. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
.?■ »
THREE BATTERIES OP FIELD
ARTILLERY FOR MANILA
Captain Mnyilen, Now Stationed at
Presidio, Will Be Among the Num
ber of Those Departing:.
The transport Thomas, which- sails
from this port Saturday, December
31, for Manila, will carry, besides the
big detail of recruits destined for the
islands, three batteries of field artil
lery.
These will comprise the Fifth Bat
tery, under command of Captain J. L.
Hayden, now stationed at the Pre
sidio; the' Twenty-sixth Battery, under
command of Captain H. L. Haw
thorne, now stationed at Vanc<>u/er
Barracks, Wash., and the Twenty
eighth Battery, under command of
Captain E. F. McGlachlin Jr., now
stationed at Fort Leaven worth.
The Fifth Battery has been sta*
tioned at Presidio for the last three
years. Captain Hayden and his
brother officers are well known and
highly esteemed here.
The case of Lieutenant G. S. Rich
ards Jr., which was set for a- hearing
yesterday at 2 o'clock in the office of
the judge advocate, was postponed, as
Colonel O.. H. Torney. the newly ap
pointed member of the board, could
not be present.
General Francis Moore and his aid,
Lieutenant Creed F. Cox, made an in
spection of the General Hospital at
the Presidio yesterday. >
Lieutenant General C. Rockwell,
Tenth Infantry, will leave early in
January for Seattle and after a few
days In that city will proceed to his
new post at Spokane, where he will
assume his duties as battalion quar
termaster, and commissa'ry.
Sti-aiiRcr Kills; <Himself.
A man who gave his name as Wil
liam Cook engaged lodgings at 741
Howard street last Tuesday night.
His body was found yesterday morn
ing lying on the floor of his room
with a derringer clutched in his right
hand and a bullets wound in the left
breast. Thirty - five, cents, a penknife, a
silver watch and a bank book on. the
Hibernia Bank in the name of William
Cook were, found upon "his person.
Five dollars were to his credit on the
book. , The > decedent was about 30
years old., \ The. body is in the Morgue
awaiting identification. '
POWDER TRUST
MAKES DENIALS
Says It Has Not Conspired
Nor Threatened to Wreck
Peyton Chemical Company
LOANS LARGE v SUMS
■ ■ f -<--:■- .. •
Du Pont Affidavit Shows Ad
vances of Nearly a Half
Million for Local Plant
Thepowdor trust had its day in court
yesterday with a showing in refutation
of the charges of the Peyton . Chem
ical Company and in support of its
demand for an inspection of the books
before determining whether or not it
shall pay a $30,000 assessment upon its
shares of Peyton stock. The hearing,
before Judge Kerrigan, occupied all of
the day. It will be resumed on Friday
morning.
At the opening yesterday Attorney
E. S. Pillsbury asked for a continu
ance, which was denied. He said that
the California Powder Company, of
which he is practically the executive
head, had been Charged with being a
party to a conspiracy to wreck the
chemical company, and he wanted an
opportunity to deny the charge. The
president of the concern. Captain John
Birmingham, is now on his way from
Washington. Garret McEnerney, at
torney for the Du Pont Company in the
original litigation, also asked that he
be permitted to participate in the final
arguments. Both Pillsbury and Mc-
Enerney asking for delay pleaded that
they had been busy with the Dolbeer
case.
A half-dozen counter affidavits for
the E. I. Du Pont de Nemours Powder
Company were then read to the court,
the principal one being that of Pierre
S. Du Pont, treasurer and assistant
secretary of the big New Jer
sey corporation. He admitted the
company's purchase of. stock in
the various California powder com
panies, excepting the Judson Dyna
mite Company, but said that the pur
chases had been made in Delaware and
that the company had done no business
in this State. He denied that there had
been any conspiracy to wreck the
chemical company, but admitted that
a proposition hed been made to acquire
control of the local corporation, the Du
fonts believing that a change in man
agement would be for the best interests
of all the stockholders.
LOANED LARGE SUMS.
His recital of the financial transac
tions between W. C. Peyton and T. C.
Du Pont, president bf the trust, threw
&r. interesting light upon the relations
between the companies. He declared
that In January, 1901, Peyton represent
ed that $300,000 cash was all that was
needed to start the Peyton Chemical
Company, and upon his representations
the Du Ponts subscribed and paid for
$300,000 worth of stock. Du Poni ex
pressed the belief that the remainder
of the stock, 2500 shares, was issued to
Peyton without payment. Afterward,
it is said, Peyton represented that more
money was needed, and the Du Ponts
loaned him $75,000. and thereafter he
borrowed $75,000 more from the Bank
of California. In 1902, it is said, Pey
ton said $45,000 more was needed to
complete the works. He got that, and
returned for another loan of $60,000,
saying that it would not all be needed,
»5S the earnings would be sufficient to
meet part of the debt.
When the SfiO.000 loan was made, It
Is said, it was ugreed that there should
b£s no more demands for money, and
the assessment of $10 a share on . the
Dil Ponts* 3000 shares is considered an
evasion of that agreement. The ex
planation of the California Powder
Company's breaking of the five-year
contract for acids, on which the Pey
ton Company has sued for $572,000 dam
ages, is trlven in the statement that
the Peyton Company failed for three
years to deliver any acid under the
contract.
CHANGE NECESSARY.
Du Pont says that the situation has
Kone from bad to worse, and it was
considered that a change of manage
ment was imperative, so it was ar
ranged to transfer part of th«> Du Pont
stock to R. S. l'enniman of the Califor
nia Powder Company, in order that
he might inspect the books and get on
th« boerd of directors. It is declared
ihat $4SO,000 of the Du Pont money has
been used up in three years, the inter
cat on which would amount to $60,000.
and there has been no return in the
way of profits. .
Other affidavits, chiefly those of F.
D Madison and P.. S. Penniman. went
into the qutstion of good faith in de
manding the transfer of stock and in
spection of the books and of the regu
larity of the litigation. Attorney J. J,
Barrett argued the Du Pont side and
Judge Allen spoke for the chemical
company. _
DESERTED BY SHIPBUILDER
ON DAY OF MARRIAGE
Nellie Cuhlll's Reason for Getting
Divorce — Author's Wife Given
Decree.
Nellie Cahill told Judge Kerrigan
yesterday that she had married Ed
ward Cahill. a shipbuilder, at San
Mateo on November 29 of last year
and that he had deserted her on the
same day. He had since refused to
accede to her demands for support
and upon this showing the court
granted her an interlocutory decree of
Irma B. Bolce, wife of Harold Bolce,
magazine writer and holder of a de
partment position in Washington,
convinced Judge Kerrigan that she
was entitled to a decree of separation
from the author on the ground of his
habitual intemperance. She testified"
that he had been addicted to excessive
drinking for three years pa-it.
Judge Hunt granted a divorce and
the custody of two children to Irene
M. L. Floyd, who charged Jefferson
Davis Floyd, owner of a restaurant on
California street/with cruelty. Other
divorces were granted by Judge Ker
rigan to Nevada C. Thornton from
Clarence W. Thornton, for neglect and
desertion: by Judge Hebbard to James
H. Eulcy from Mary E. Euley, cru- |
elty; by Judge Sloss. to William Birch |
from Minnie Birch, cruelty; by Judge
Graham to Mary Garrigan from Mich
ael Garrlgan, neglect. Suits for dl- 1
vorce were filed by Annie Low Met-;
calf against Edward B. Metcalf. cru
elty; Johanna Hearne against Joseph
He'arne, cruelty, v i
. a dismissal of the suit of Bertha
Lavinburg against ' Samuel Lavinburg J
was filed yesterday. It is evident'that ;
the bondholder who, in the wisdom of
his seventy years, required his wife to
sign an agreement not to sue him for J
sfipport, has Induced her to return to |
him. • „ " . !
TO HOLD ANNUAL CHRISTMAS FES
TIVAL.— Th». annual Christmas festival of the
Emanuel Evangelical Church. : Twelfth an<J
Stevenson streets, will take place this evening.
A~- splendid programme has be«n arran«r*il.
The choir of the Sundtiy-school will sing sev
eral : selections A beautUul representation , of
"The Ten" Vireins" will be given.
WANT TO P AVE
DIRTY STREETS
Board of Public Works
Anxious to Put an End
to Disgraceful Conditions
WOULD SELL THE BONDS
Orders City Architect to
Prepare Plans for Engine-
House on 26th Avenue
There is a possibility that the rap
idly degenerating streets of San Fran
cisco will at least be repaired to a
fractional extent in the near future.
The desire of tlm Board of Public
Works and the Board of Supervisors
is that some relief be afforded at the
earliest opportunity and that at least
a portion of the bond lssu« for the re
paving of accepted streets be made
available. . The Board of. Public
Works has ordered a resolution pre
pared that requests that the Board of
Supervisors sell bonds in sufficient
sum to permit of the paving of prin
cipal streets designated in the report
of the City Engineer.
A gr^at deal of complaint ha« been
made by property owners of th<»'de*
cadence of the city streets and the
failure to sweep them. There la also
a failure on the part of the police to
enforce the ordinance prohibltliig the
sweeping of refnse of shops into the
gutters. The story is extant that
never in the history of the city hav9
the streets been in such a disgraceful
condition and that now is the time to
take steps to have them properly
cleaned and kept fr«e of health-pois
oning debris.
The streets that the Board of
Works proposes to repave with bitum
inous rock or asphalt on a concrete
foundation are: Market street, from
Second to East; Mission street, from
Fifth to Ninth; Sixth street, from
Market to Howard; Valencia street,
from Eighteenth to Twenty-sixth;
Sutter .street, from Stockton to Lar
kin; Kearny street, from California to
Montgomery avenue; Bush street,
from Powell to Taylor; Larkin street,
from Hayes to Turk; Van Ness ave
nue, from Fulton to Geary; Seventh
street, from Market to Harrison;
Ninth street, from Market to Folsora.
There are many streets in the down
town district proposed to be repaved
with basalt blocks on a concrete foun
dation and with basalt blocks on sand,
and these will also be improved, the
idea being to stimulate interest In the
purchase of the bonds.
It is proposed to deal similarly with
the construction of other streets, pro
vided for by the bond issue, it being
intended to proceed with those for
which there exists an immediate ne
cessity.
The board referred to President of
Board of Works Schmitz several pe
titions for permits to sell flowers In
the free markets at Kearny and Mar
ket streets. Schmitz stated that he
would prepare rules governing such
permits, among them being one pro
viding for the laying out of a certain
space for the market and requiring
baskets to be kent three feet apart.
The board decided to bituminlze
and Dut sidewalks down on , Scott
street, between Fulton and Hayes,
fronting Alamo square. The appropri
ation of $2750 is insufficient to improve
Hayes street in front of the park.
The contract for repaying Eleventh
street, between K and L, was awarded
to McHugh & Sheerln.
The City Architect was directed to
prepare plans for an engine-house on
Twenty-sixth avenue, near Point Lo
bos. The streets In the vicinity will
be improved 'if there are any funds
available.
The plans for a safety station at
Market and Powell streets were ap
proved and referred to the Supervis
ors, as it will cost $1400, and only
$750 was appropriated.
The Mutual Gas Company was re
quested to restore the pavements on
Market street which it tore up to lay
mains, the San Francisco Company
having secured an injunction prevent
ing the continuanc» of the work.
Olson Bros/ Failure.
There were no- new developments
In the Olson Bros.' and the Olson
Company's failure yesterday. The
creditors have taken charge of the af
fairs of the firms and it will be several
days before an inventory of the stock
will be taken. Business was continued
yesterday at the stores with which
the Olson brothers are associated.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I The East
S Three fast trains to Chicago via the
H Chicago, Union Pacific and North-
H Western Line over the double-track
M railway between the Missouri River
Sand Chicago, connecting at Chicago
wwith all lines for all points east.
I The Best of Everything
■ These fast trains are most completely
■ equipped for the safety and comfort
■ Pullman drawing-room sleeping cars,
H buffet smoking and library cars, Book-
9 lover's Library, superb a la carte
radioing car service. H^B
■j Tickets an J fell Information on application to
H ' B. B. BITCHXE.
KJ Otaeral Ajent Paclflc Coast.
H 617 Market St.. San Franciico.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 K TAUNT ST. Kstablbhed
In IS34 for the treatment »f I'rivat*
Di»fn*p«. f.!Mt M.m.ond. Debility or
di'^es" weariniron body and mliul ami
Skin l)i.«-n*e» Tin* IwKtorcureawl.*-!!
nlh'rn fail. Try him. «iiarR«-s low.
('Nr'^uaraiilrrd. Cull or write.
ttr. J. I*. tllDi: »X. Haii Frar<:lv;o. taL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Now It's Cold, Why
Don't You Buy a
GAS
HEATER .
ft will / #
warm the
\\ ■.-•v-.. v
room cheaply
and. quickly.
J - =
; ror Sals by
THE
GAS
COMPANY
415 POST
Y^Q Perfect Fittln* Vtf
JKi Eyeglasses If
ji k\ Moderate Cost ]\
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S orcatS
OF AHATOHY^
A Cfo 1C51 KA7SXK S7. U\. &Uft±, i.T.ZH, A
. ty Tka LarrcitAaataalcal MnMoalaik* \
1 1 %v *" d - ""*»««• •• my emnnid A
£ IBBH rtixi** »»»l<l».l7 tar*4ny th« »ldeit Y
0 JHj31 !>p«c«:i*:o«th«Coui. Cn i« yuii. Q
< ' UZ$£h C3 ' ''^DAN-O'SEASES OF MEM 6
{r^twraa Ccaralutioa free and ttrtctlr privttt. \
1 ' J iSvF B Ti«tmmt ptr-onmhj or b» letter. A A
1 fl y W H fttituf CW* la mty cms md«rt>kca. \
Ape lid Wriii f« B«ok. rnu.o«oraT «r A
V * f flT liinMdt:. MAtLas raax. Uf
1 A JL raluaW* b««k for tarn) »
V D& JU3DA.\ A «JO.. 1C51 Marktt ttt.S. t. V
| iQAfffFRSl ClRE SICK HEADACHE.
BSittle 6enuin8 Must Bear
! BIVER Fao-Simile Signature
g PILLS. -r^-~~ *
_ :^_ OCEA.V TRAVEL.
e Steamers of ccaapany. or
for which It is ayent. leave
Piers 9 and 11. San Fraa-
For Ketchikan. Wraasal.
Jun«au. Treadwall, Uainea.
Skasuay. etc., Alaska— 11 a.
m., Dec. 16, 21. 2«. 81. Jan.
5. Change to this company' i
■teamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. VancouTer, Port Townasnd.
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, South Belllnsham.
BelUngbarn — 11 a. m.. Dec. 18. 21. 28. 31. Jan.
B. Changs at Seattle to this company's steam-
ers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or
Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
Ft Ii";eV» (Hu-coonr: uay> — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Dec. IS. 24. 30. Jan. 5. Corona. 1:30
I p. m., Dec. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.'
For Los An;=!fi 'via Port Loa Angeln and
, Redondo;. San Diego and Santa Barbara—
1 Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
i State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
>"or Ix>8 Ancelea 'via San Pedro and Knit
, San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crui. Mon-
i terey, San Sim<>cn. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Obtspo). Ventura and Huenema.
Ro:;1ta. 9 a. tn.. Dec. 17. 26. Jan. 2.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Dec. 21, 29. Jan «♦
For Ensenada. Magdalena Cay. San Josm dM
Cabo.. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia.
e**»rTnaa (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th ot each month,
for further Information obtain rolder. Right
Is reserved to change ateamera or saillnc; dat«.
TICKET OTFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery St. tPn'.ac Hrtel). li> Market St.. and Eroan •
! way wharves. Frelgfrt Office IO Market it.
C. D. DUNANN. General Pass*narer Agent.
10 Market ft., San FranclJcn.
The Paclflc Transfer Co.7 20 Sutter St.. will
call fcr and check bair?aK> from "hotels ani
r.»!dence«. Trl»rhone Exchange 312. •
AircsiCAir tjxtb.
Plvxnouth — Caerbo«rsr — Sonthsunoton. .
Pt. Louis Dec. 311»ZeeIand.Jan.U.10:Si» a
rhiladelphla ...Jan. 7^ New York
•Calling at Dover for Ix>ndon ant! Paris.
ATL&HTIC T3ANSPORT I.INE.
Vtmr Tcri — London Direct.
Minnstonka . ..rrvc 31IMir.ne!iaha Jan. I »
Mezaba Jan. 7 Manitou Jan. 21
BED STAS LINE.
Hew YorX— Antwerp — London— Paris. .
CalliBg at Dover for I»ndon and Paris.
Vaderland Dec. 31 (Finland Jan. Ct
Zeeland Jan. Hi Vaderland Jan. H
WHITE STAB U2TS.
Wew York — Oueeastown — Xtivsroool.
Cedrlc. Jan. 4. 4:30 nmlMaJe«it!c.Jan. IS. i<> am
Teutonic. .Jan. 11. lOa'Baltlc Feb. 1
Bosrton— Qretnstown — Iilv»rDOot.
Winlfredlan Jan. 4) Cymric Jan.!"
ITSW YORK AND BOSTOtT OZBSCT
To the Mediterranean.
Via Azores. Gibraltar. Nr.plas. Osnoa.
Alexandria.
FROM NEW TORK.
RKPt'BLIC? Jan. 14, noon: Feb. 25. noon
CRETIC Feb. 4. noon: Mar. 1% noon
" FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC :jan. 7. \O:Tin am.: Feh.t?. «:30 arr.
ROMANIC. .Jan. 2S .1:30 p.m.: Mar. 11. t pm
C. D. TAYLOR. Pa.»scr<i;?r A«nt Paclflc Coast.
. 21 Post »t.. Pan Francisco. ■
oceanic s.s.cOe s\JrHl f
S S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
lar.d and Sydney. Friday. Dec. 23. * p. m.
J» P. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Dec. 31. 11 am
S. S. MAR1PO3A, for Tahiti. Dec. 31. 11 a. m.
J.r.EPBEC!ILS&BE03. CO., AHI.MSI OitaHni:-
teL Fnizat mzi 327 Karin si. fist 7, PaciS: ;•„
COMPASNIE 6ZNIRAI.S T2ASSATLANTIQ0S.
D1KECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .' 1,
SalHr.f; cv«ry Thursday Instead of t€,^Xo
Saturday, at lu a. m.. from Pier
42 North River, fcot of Morton st.
Fl'rtt class to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
«nd class to Havre. «45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL IgENCY FOP. UNITED STATES AND
CAVAD* S3 ; Broadway (Hudson building).
New York J F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Ag*nts. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franelsco.
Tl'/kets sold by all Railroad Tlcktt Agenta.
Por XT. S. Wavy Yard and Vane to.
«5trs General Friable. Montlcello and Arrow,
oil, « m 12:a> m.. 3:15 p.m.. « p.m.. *:M p.
m.T Sundays. 9:45 am.. 12:30 noon « p m
H-30 P«n. Leavo ValK'Jo. . a.m.. 9 a.m.. 13:30
it, 3-5 Dm ('S:45 p.m. Saturday). « p.m.
S 1 '/", 7 a m. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. « p.m. Pl-r
« "rot Mission it.: phone Main IOCS. HATCH
BRO3- .
— : :
Tor V. S. Kavr Yard and Vallefo.
Stmr II J. CORCORAN leaves nortii end
Ferry bld=.. foot of Clay st.. 10 a.m. 3:30
p.m.: Sut.d»ys. 10 a.m.._ 8 p.m. Lea v*
Vallejo. Aden's wharf. 7:1^ a.m. i:3O p.m.;
S-indam. 7:1S a.m.. 6 p.m. Fare 23c eaca way.
PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL CO.
1112
JOHN' D. SPKKCKELuS.. ._JProprlcJor
Address Ccm;r.unication« lt»
JOHN McXAL'GHT. ........ Manager
XV^ J^ MAl.TIX Business^ Manner
TE-LEPHOXE.
Ask :or THE CALL. Th« Operator Will Con-
ctct You With ihe Department Ycu Wlsh.
rut:ic_.lion Office Market and Third. S. K.
E-ituriaj Hoo:r.» _K to __1 Ste\en_on st.
Delivered by Carriers. _\i Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. K;;;sle Coptea 5 Cts.
Temi. by _Ja:l. LndadiBS Postage iCash W .tn
Order) : „ „
r>AILY CALL <lnc'.u<J. Sunday). 1 year...$R.OJ»
DAILY CALL (inciuJ. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Plr.Rle 'Month ••«
FTJCDAT CALL. 1 Year 2.R0
WEEKLY CALL. 1 year • - 1 °°
FOREIGN I "Daily. ..$8.80 Per 1 ear Hxtra
ilir" i Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. j ri>pkI j.. 100 Per ->, r Extra
ALL TOSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Fen-.pie Copies will be jorwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change or ad-
dress should be particular to give both "SEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 10S5
BERKELEY OFFICE: _
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Post Bull-ing
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano 81
Cnlcn Square; Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: "J***
Northern Hot*-! : Tremont Houee: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOP.GE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
<Lct)g Distance Telephone, "Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEXT YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
-COS Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street corner Clay: open until
8:30 p. _.
800 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister street: or>en until 9:30 p. m.
fl5 Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. tn.
19-41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. *
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
J090 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northr-REt corner Church and Duncan streets:
open until 9 p. m.
?_"" Fil'.more street: cr>en until 9 p. m.
-JEETI-Q- NOTICES.
A REGULAR me<tin_r of Yerba Baena ««j»
Ledge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A. Sf
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be £\
hf!d in Commandery Hall. Masonic -xO}*
T-mrW\ on THURSDAY EVENING, t — "<
I>c. 22. 1904, at S o'clock. Degree 9. Vis-
iting brethren orriiaaly invited.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary-
MISSION Charter No. 79. R. A. M— ' J5
Special me^tinR THIS iTHrn?DAT)VY
EVENING. 7:.'J0 o'clock. M. M. de- /V>
eree. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
FIDELITY IyOdce No. 120. F. and A. Q
M.— Special mf-eting THIS (THURS- "vSf
DAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third decree. Master Masons cor-
dially Invited. By order of the W. IL
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
BOOTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. Q
F. and A. M.— <"al!pd meeting THIS *^V
(THrU?DAYl KVEXINO at 7:30 />r\
o'clock. Second decree. By order «
william McDonald, w. m.
THC San Ftaxtdson Smttish Thistle v C7 v,
oiuh rrx>«M S THIS (THURSDAY) 3S, Qkj})
EVENING in Fraternity Hall. 32
<<'Farrrli P t.. at K o'clock. "Smok- > c_5*
«r" follow". Tickets for Hogmanay party.
GEO. W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
THE Servian Benevolent Society
hr>:<!. Its rejrular meetings . 4
evf-ry second anJ last THURS- K <*ft _y
DAY of the month at 102
OFarrei! ct at 7:30 p. m. ttiSftK
JOHN A. LJUBIBRATICH. Mifi'Mh
President !lSs?.^L
V. RADOJEVICH. Secretary. tJFZJCl
THE annuul m"etin(? of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
ritco, Cal.. will be held at its banking-
house, 30J_ Mor.tromery tt. San Francisco,
Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1905.
at 3:1S p. m.. for the election of directors to
*erve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction cf such other business as may
ccme before the rneetlng.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December JO. 3904.
DETECTIVES.
UETECTIVE — Experienced female detective
wishes work from private parties: Al ref-
♦"ren^e*: reasonable rates. Box 2742. Call.
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at $12 and
Is r.o good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a sr**ia!ty; quick, quiet; no money needed;,
no pay unless Civorce 1b granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fee?; advice free; collections
made. _G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.
CONSULTATION free, private and confiden-
tial; business legally and promptly trans-
acted; collections, mechanics* liens, probate,
tenants ejected; legal papers drawn; loans
on real estate; -p.fe. sound investments; high
raits interest. W. MATTHEWS. 632 Market
R. V. KING. Attcrney-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor; entrance room flll; established 26
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3C0L
AA — Divcrce; cc«ts $12; quick. quiet:advlce free;
«I1 law busln'rp; no charge unless success-
ful; open evenings. 027 Market st. room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs JI2; no fees or
costs in advance: all law Vusiness- office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st. r. 33.
JOHN CriDERT. aitorney-st-law, rocms 3
and 4. 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red CG17.
L. S. CLARK. J>27 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; r.o fees In advance; open evenings.
ASTglgA CUBE.
131 NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly
10c. 2.-.C 60c. 1CC2 Market, St Nichols.'
f.!s-. 1\ i« hart. 10th nr.i Washington. Oakland
atttomobix.es.
PACKARD automobile for ealernrst-claw run
ninp nnler; ttI'.I eell for $1SCO Box ie97
•Call cfSce. . '
BICYCLES— for Sala or Exchang-e.
BOAE3IKS FOE CgI__D ZLE_f .
WANTED— Infants to take car* of; good care
MRS. WEBER. 282 Turk et
—^
J=ARPETJBEAT^OAKDCl.EAirawCr. \
CK>llpT?Eir=nD~A!PiEd" VaVuBarprccesTused
for Cleaning carpet, on floor without removal-
car;>et» and rug* also cleaned by compressed
iiir at shop; prices moderate. S. F Com-
I»r«*s*ed Air Cleaning Co., COS Market il-
phew* ilain J02.and Bush 479. '
WHEN you become .isguMcd with your work
«*ad fcr SPAULDINOS Pioneer Carpet-beat
ing wcrks,S55-So7 Tehama et. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works 1809 Har-
rison st. ; Al -cleaning, V.c. FRED HAGE-
IJORN & CO.; phone Mission 225. *
MICHELL'6. 240 Fourteenth rt— First-cla«
carpet cleaning. Sc yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st •
tt!. Main :»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpe-t- beating works; prices
naronabic: 17C3 Harri-on St.; tel. Mission 2(3.
CREDIT C-.OT_ZIEZZS.
C. K. ADAMS. CO.. ."IS Mascn~Et.^-Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoe*-; you can get
w:-.-t you want ;rom us and have it charged.
CLOTHIUG EEWOVATIHO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; ecourlng and
dyeing. Bon March", Examiner bldg r 410-
phoct Vramm 41. Call for and deliver ftee.'
H_&^l---H-^-_-M-M-ta-lll-HM--sW«-k'>
BUSINESS CHA17CES. j
A— $*0C0; BAKERY and confectionery, estab- i
lUhed many years, baking 7 barrels per day; I
0 bones, wagons _nd buggy; one of the best j
nl this city, rice R. G. WILKE. 2O'-_ Kearny. |
A— $350; well established real estate office in |
Napa Co.: office doing a good business; has j
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par-
ticuiai-g. R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny st.
A — $71.0; HALF interest In manufacturing busi-
ness; established 1G years; partner can clear j
$150 easy per month; rare chance. R. G.
WILKK. 20 V4 Kearny st.
A— $1,500; tea and coffee store, crockery, etc.;
*siab. years; stock invoice to about $2500; •
owner engaged in business in Arizona; must
sacrifice. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20V_
_Kearny st '
A— $500; HARDWARE locksmith and electri-
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars It G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny.
A— $500: HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20V4
Ktarny.
A — $!S00; SALOON on water front, close to
Market st; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
A— $900; BAKERY with delicatessen stcre. Ice-
cream parlor; in very best location; will b.
sacrificed: owner must leave at once for New
York; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 W
Kearny st
A— $3500; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease:
$2000 stock guaranteed; 1 block north of
Market: a very rare chance. Call on It G.
WILKK. 26H Kearny st
A — $1600; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $S0; lease; place lo-
cated close to Market and a. good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 2t>& Kearny st
A — $3500; SALOON; the best on the water
front; rent $74; place known for the last 30
. years as a first-class paying business. For
particulars call on R. G. WILKE. 26W
Kearny st.
A--$1200; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; 3 horses; 4 wagons; net rent $20;
place estab. for many years and has a large
patronage; a good paying business. Call on
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $1000; HOTEL; a first-claims paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 0-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26V. Kearny st
A— $1800; RESTAURANT for sale, in the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; daily
receipts, $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partlc-
ulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
$fc00— WILL * take partner in a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau-
rant: lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st _^
A— $7000; BAKERY, one of the best in city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners: not all cash necessary- Particulars
see R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2500; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow. etc.. and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
tor $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
K ear or st
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bat with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento st. ; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. O. WILKE. 2C% Kearny St.
$550— RESTAURANT: very best location; rent
$60; close to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
investment; Investigate. Call . on R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. j
A— $2900; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia st.: lease; old established and good
paying business; Investigate; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— $SCO; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
ness. See It. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $2450: CORNER grocery and bar; 6 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi-
ness;, location can't be beat; value in sight
Se« R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $2600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
st: rent $60: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R.' G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $300; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store; 5 rooms; rent $25: best location Va-
lencia st. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Well-furnished and equipped country
hotel; 50 rooms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy.
First-class saloon downtown; 2 blocks from
Market st; rent $75t well fitted up; receipts
$1$ to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price $1600. CAMERON
-CO.
First-class short-order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$80 per day; flno opportunity to get Al prop-
osition reasonable ; best of reason for selling.
CAMERON & CO.
For sale — First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rert;
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; flne new stock of goods: has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and ,over
per month; best reason for Belling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. See CAMERON &
CO.
Harness and saddlery shop, well located; rent
$12; well stocked; flne wax machine; all
bench tocls: everything goes; price $1000;
more than value in sight; retiring from busl-
. ness. CAMERON & CO.
Here Is an opportunity of getting one of the
best jrrocertes and bars in city; flne transfer
corner; downtown and doing big buslnes;
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; receipts average
$lS00 to $2000 per month: never changed
hands; best of reason for selling. CAMERON
& CO.
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAME-
RON & CO.. S Eddy st.
For sale — Several good business propositions for
investors, such as cigar stores, groceries and
bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, merchan-
dise, country hotels, restaurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;
would be pleased to have you call and inspect
our list CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st
For sale — First*class downtown cigar store;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.
$400— PARTNER wanted; established genteel
Indoor buriness; duties light; short hours;
■will pay $100 month to each; no experience
required. MARIN INVESTMENT CO.. 235
Kearny «t
It) lease for a term of years — One of the best
places In the town of San Mateo; large
house, barn, chicken-house, etc.; on the elec-
tric line; 5 minutes' walk from depot; suit-
able for private hotel and restaurant; very
large grounds, flne shade trees, beautiful
flowers; a flne opportunity for the right
party. Inquire after 6 p. m. frcm owner, 86
Fair Oaks st. San Francisco.
STEADY man wanted as partner; plain, light
work: small capital required; sure profit of
$75 to each per month; owner Is a practical
worklngman. COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT
CO.. 032 Market st • / r
! WANTED— Partner in established packing
business handling pickles and grocers' sun-
dries; additional capital will be utilized to
increase business. For particulars address
Charles F. O'CaJlaghan, atty.. 39 Nevada blk
FOR rale — Bakery; short distance from San
Francisco: a great bargain if sold at once as
owner is interested In other business. Apply
Bakers' Home. 794 Mission st.
$4000 — BEER bottling works and draught beer
agency, complete !n every detail; good estab.
trade; must see account of sickness. Inquire
Wunder Brewing Co.
FOR sale— One of the best retail stores In Palo
Alto; good reasons for selling; capital re-
quired, about 52000; will bear strict investl-
C-tlon. Address box 07. Palo Alto, Cal.
WANTED— Partner with $5000; 14 years in
busictss: can double your money in one year
nud can show you that it can be done be-
lore going. In. -Box 21. .South Berkeley.
WE incorporate and lloat stock companies; we
handle unlisted -ecurities; loans, negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT _ CO.. EHicott Square'
Buffalo.
CIGAR stand for sale . cheap if sold to-day,
j East and Folsom streets.
! RF.STAURANT for sale; trouble among part-
1 ners. 1S1 Sixth st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ THURSDAY. ; DECEMBER 22/ 1904.
BUSIITESS^H AjTC^S— -Contfaraed.
rr=r^ K ' BUSINESS AGENT.
017 Market St., between Fifth and Sixth.
A CLIENT of mine who conducts a well pay-
ing cigar stand on Market st. desires good,
honest man as partner to assist him in at-
tending stand, and to same he can offer fine
position; no experience necessary: $-!oU cash,
required. Particulars of BROOKBANK.
$300 AND services secure an interest in old
e&tab. office and commission business clear-
ing $200 to $250 mo. ; no experience required ;
party must be sober and reliable and furnish
good referenceK. as same will be tendered
him. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
GEARY 764 — Furnished house of 22 rooms;
rent $100; income over rent; $100; bargain.
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. Inquire
at 189S Fifteenth st.
PARTNER, or whole; saloon and 15 furnished
rooms; good chance; bargain. 212 Kast st.
FOR sale — Delicatessen store with living
rooms; low rent; price $700. Box 1396. Call.
ROUTE 12, San Francieco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply Ban Francisco Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements ana subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
M M
« — — A
R R
N N
MARION GRIFFIN,
0 Room 406, Examiner bldg. G
R Telephone Black 3607. R
1 Free List of I
F Hotels and Rooming-houses. F
F We Guarantee Titles. F
I We have money to lend. I
N Come and see us. N
— HAVE A —
— HIGH-CLASS PROPOSITION —
— for some enterptlslng lady or gentleman—
— of education and refinement — ■«
— new and modern house §f 68 rooms —
— partially furnished — flne furnishings —
— Think of my rent. $5 per room —
— 5-ye it lease —
— House should clear $300 monthly —
—Price $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN is my only agent
— WE —
—ESPECIALLY—
—RECOMMEND TO YOU—
— a S7-room house in a fln<* location—
— i blocks north of Market st —
— Swell entrance —
— Elegantly furnished, right up to the hour —
— Steam heat; hot and cold water —
— Near good restaurants —
— Necessary cash, $1500.
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent —
_______
— we will show you —
— a reliable little 12- room house near —
— The Emporium — .
Price $400; rent $30; cleared $47 monthly
— for last 9 years.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406. Examiner bldg.
1. —READ THIS— ■ 1.
2.— STORY OF a partially furnished house— 2.
3. — "A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME" — 3.
4. - — As told in this ad of IS lines — 4.
5. — We want to sell — 0.
6. — An anartment house of 150 rooms — 6
7. —Profit steadily $396 monthly— 7.
8. — It's very expensively furnished — 8.
0. —Price $7500. A great bargain— 9.
10. —Long lease. Rent $750. 10.
11. — You only need $2000 in cash — 11.
12. — We promise to arrange balance — 12
13. —Respectfully, MARION GRIFFIN— 13.
14. —P. S.— 14.
15. — If you do not know — 15.
lrt. — Our reputation — 16.
17. — We shall gladly give you— 17.
18. —BANK REFERENCES— 18.
ANY reasonable offer buys a 45-room
house nicely located north of Market;
rent $150: clears $175; books open
for examination.
MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner building.
—SNAP IT QUICK—
— 16 rooms for $500 —
— NE. corner flat —
' — North of Market— nicely located— -
— Don't "think" too long
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bldg.
Corner 3d and Market!
—SLAUGHTER SALE— "
— 21 room* on Market st. —
— Beautifully furnished and flne entrance
Splendid location. If you have $500 to pay
down make your offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.
i ... , m
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale. He says:
"Get me an offer on that house. It must
bo sold. There are 30 rooms, 27 of them
have bay-windows. The furniture is flne
Profit $200 monthly." • •
—Long lease
MARION GRIFFIN, office at Examiner bldg.
— Corner 3d and Market!
PRIVATE
—SANATORIUM—
— Ye* a new corner house —
— Centrally located —
— Quite beautifully furnished —
— Now full of. permanent roomers —
— But well adapted —
— for purposes of a sanatorium —
— Call before Christmas
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Examiner bldg
— Cor. 3d and Market
—22 ROOMS—
—Near Ellis ' and Larkin—
— Rent only $70 for 22 rooms —
— Same owner for 15 years; price $1100 — ■'
— During that
— time it has
— always cleared
— $70 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent.
~" "TOO Ml "iUo #
—Examiner
— 3d and Market
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
8 Eddy st, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
One of the moet complete and elegantly fur-
nishtd 60-room straight rooming-house; 15
minutes' walk. from Kearny st; nothing finer
In city, combined with elegant new modern
building; cheap rent; every room occupied with
the best class of people; cl«_rlng $300 per
month, and sickness is only cause of sale; ex-
clusively with us.
Here is 14 rooms; Van Ness; furnished In
oak and mahogany; good carpets; all full;
clearing nice little salary every month; it is
yours at $600.
.F'rst-class investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 In 46-
room house; rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter st. ; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6-room
flat; Sloane fitted It up 0 months ago and cost
considerable over $900; think of the rent, only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap; $400.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms in
■ flne block on Post st. ; full nicest kind of room-
| ers; new and modern throughout; brings In
I nice Income; furniture in oak, biruseye maple;
velvet and Axmlnster carpets; cost f 1800 to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain; $1200.
12 rooms; flne block on Sutter; rent only $55;
water free; oak furniture, moquet and Brus-
sels carpets; nice little hornet $700.
- Tou can't beat this beautifully furnished.
100-room, downtown house: carpets, furniture
ani draperies of the very best: electric lights,
steam heat; in fact, everything modern and
«P to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner. leav- i
ing city.
Big snap; Sl-room apartment-house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $950. >
This spea_s for Itself; 15 rooms, furnished in
oak; new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings in profit of $75 per
month; sickness compels eale.
Grand, new, modern apartment- house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished ; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st. ;has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
GoMen opportunity to get nice 7-room flat ;
rent only $40; water, garbarge and Janitor
service free; mahogany and oak furniture; car-
pets body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $S00;
now $450; obliged to leave city.
Here is 16 good rooms, close in, with 3 rooms
not furnished, but are all full and pays $50
per month above all 'expenses; -owner taking
larger house; price $1050.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
Ihalf cost to furnish.
14 sunny rooms, close In; rent only $60 per
3_ODG__TG-HOTJSES FOB SA3.E — Con.
month; some new carpets- everything nice and
clean and pays well; price $900;- $400 down,
balance time; a fine chance. \
Nice little house of lit rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets: rent only $65; must dispose
next ten days; make offer.
First-class family hotel on Nob Hill: 80
beautifully furnished rooms; all full and doing
a good business, but must leave city; only
with us.
". We have a number, of special bargains in
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold, either account of sickness or de-
parture. ■ i ■
Have large • list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses ami business chances for exchange
or trade alawys on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
H. C. DECKER 006 MARKET ST.
I H. C. DECKER . .PHONE JOHN 531.
SQUARE DEALING^CLE AR '. TITLES.
OFFICE OPEN 8 A. M. TO II P. M.
Over 28 years selling houses In this city.-
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the Following Bargains:
20 r.; elegantly furnished; transient... .$1500
24 r.; Market st. ; good investment.... 1650
16 r. ; on one floor; transient; rent $80.. COO
8 r. ; Mission st. ; good buy 400
120 r.; modern hotel; first-class locatU>n.l2,000
10 r. ; house; new furniture •••• 600
190 r.; clears $750; only $5000 cash needed.
180 r.; apartment;, clears $400 month 7500
150 r. ; new apartment-house; offer wanted. '
19 r. ; rent $70; only $250 cash 750
24 r.; all light and sunny; rent $60. 1400
26 r. ; Market st. • snap 2500
25 r. ; up-to-date hotel; swell location.. 3200
20 r.; genuine bargain; Turk st. ...... 1000
9 r.; McAllister st: modern flat 350
27 r. ; clears $150; downtown 2250
40-r. house; only • 2400
10-r. house; new furniture 600
27-r. house on Post st 2000
25 r.; rent $60; choice location 1600
15 r. : near Stockton and Sutter sts 1200
. 8 r. ; sunny corner; north of Market st. 400
100 r. : always rented- clears $400 85C0
103 r.; apartment; clears ?400 a month.. 8000
12 r.; Turk and Taylor sts.; transient.. 750
20 r. ; transient; close to theaters 1000
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
MITCHELL & CO.,
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 2981.
Rooming and apartment-houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMIBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
LODGING-HOUSE near Geary and Jones sts.
Very central; will sell reasonable. Box 1496,
Call office.
12 ROOMS, Mission et.; rent $45; clears $50;
price $450. EUREKA REALTY CO.
31-ROOM house in manufacturing district;
price $900. . Box 1597. Call office.
d-AIKyOYANTJj^^ "
A — EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges. .
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judge.
.'At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa-
tion. . His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you.
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections!
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels
TKLLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to "WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wlfo
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies' and how to make a person at
a distance think of you, and how to DE-
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis St.— 421 A— Ellis st.
Hours — 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat
LIVINGSTONE.
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 26% KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clairvoyant.
may be consulted on all affairs: every hidden
mystery revealed: nhe will show ycu how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future; satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. S43 Geary st.
MME. LYNN. 239 Powell st, parlors 1 and 2—
The natural born occult, medium, psychic
and clairvoyant of the Orient; her famous
$2 readings this week for 50c; gives business
and personal readings daily and guarantees
satisfaction.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life: never failed to give satls-
factlon; 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.. clairvoyant,
crystal veer and life reader, tell? you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8,
ISMAR, Egyptian seerees. The Vendome, 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to Op. m. : Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141."
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil anil second sight -, tells past'
present, future: 1. 60c: g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read, $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MME. KRONENBERG, palmist clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me: read-
ings 25;. 324 O'Farrell st: tel. Red 6537.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted, clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business), etc. : L. 50c;
G. $1: hours 10 to 9: names. 714 Franklin st.
A — MME. REKA. palmist and clairvoyant, will
give readings free this week. 329 Eddy st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: sittings dally. 1C8 Oth st, rooms 1-2.
MRS. ' BAUMANN. thT well-known fortune-
. teller. Is now at 317 Kill* »t.
SPraiTTTAIiISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14." Gait House.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, sociable and seance
to friends, Thursday eve. 782 Ellis st.
MME. YOUNG'S test circlTTo-nl?ht, 10c; read-
Ings dally; come skeptics. 619 McAllister st.
C. MAYO STICERS. trance medium. 305' La r-'
kln, room. 49; readings 1 to 5: tel. South 319.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant 1112 Miiv rt.- Phone Scott »S7.
lor! OTT 3SF$L
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-li>. Tel. Main 55S0.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebcne — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 r>0; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL.~1443iMarket, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates, made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental parlors. 2.15 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crown?, ?2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c: Filver. 35e: crowns, $2;no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
ARTHUR OHISHOLM. surReon-dentlst.r.l4,l9t
j floor. Phelan bid., 800 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH hns moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave. : •
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery 8chool —
. Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion." sunburst and knife " pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory.110 Taylor.
EDUCAT-PITAl-.
A — THE' Lyceum, an ■ accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
■ professor; day, evening sessions- Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-.
- lege. has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,'
■ shorthand, typing: $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day. eve. 723 Market
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering/ 24
Post st, S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
: and gas engineering. Send for. prospectus. . '
A— METROPOLITAN ' Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE,- 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.*
_ EDUCATIOyAI.--Con_n_nefl.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
- Institution- devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed..
Send tor catalogue. Native Sons' building.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light : all graduates are getting posi-
tlons. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 18(J4. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st
Established 1863: largest In the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars. - ■
.ALL Eng. and com. branches, $3 mo.: 47 les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand bold any post-
tlon; lndiv. lnstruc. West BusjCoI.,1231 Mkt. I
BOOKKEEPING, Ens.. Math., etc., day and
eve; Individual Instr. 303 Larkin st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres, Pac. Bus. Col.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Alon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very, reasonable.
MARKEY School for the pianoforte. Studio
913 Alvarado st. •
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. C22 Eddy st
BOOKKEEPING — Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert, 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 82S Haight st.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posl-
tlons, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
1 SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINQTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM' Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell st ; tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY &. CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPIOYM3BHT WA1TTED— FEMAI-E.
PRACTICABLE ' dressmaker, tailor system,
. stranger, will take a few days' work at $2
per day to introduce her work; satisfaction
guaranteed. Box 3992, Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work Xmas day
as cook or helper; state wages. Box 3993,
Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes a few families by
day to wash, clean or chamberwork. 488
Geary st: phone Brown 32.
YOUNG German . woman wants cleaning and
sweeping: $1 day. MRS. V., 9 Rltch st., off
Folsom, bet. Third and Fourth. In rear.
EXPERIENCED nurse will care for the sick
during day: car fare. Box 2040, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means,
wants to go in good steady home; wash
dishes or other light work; is a good plain
cook: carfare. $2 50 week. Address 10C&
Third St.. room 25, first flight
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor, on suits and
coats; only first-class work done; at home
or engagements per day; good cutter and
fitter; all work guaranteed. MIS3 BARSS,
Sherman House, 28 Eighth st.
EDUCATED English lady wishes engage-
ment as experienced nurse to invalid; high
references in city and Los Angeles; would
assist in needlework or house duties. Box
2165, Call office.
A— BOOKKEEPER cashier, young lady: ex-
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
systems ; highest references; last position 5
years. Box 2062, Call office.
COMPETENT dressmaker, stranger, willing to
work for room and board for herself and
husband; best references; best work. Box
2018. Call office.
BY young lady" of refinement and ability, posl-
titn as traveling companion and secretary to
invalid, cr as traveling saleswoman. Box
3907, Call.
COMPETENT girl wishes housework and cook-
ing. Phone Mtnt 1442, after 9 a. m., MS
McAllister st.
EXPERT dressmaker, best fit and style guar-
anteed, will work for $2 per day; good on
children's clothes. Box 2027, Call.
A GERMAN woman, good worker, wants wash-
ing. Ironing or houseoleanlng: $1 50 per day.
No. 2 Hayward Et. off Harrison, below 8th.
A COMPETENT laundress and house-cleaner
wants work at $1 per day; references. Box
2055. Call.
AN Eastern dressmaker would like a few more
engagements by the day; guarantees work;
.references Phone Black 1393.
WANTED — By a comr>etent woman, work of
I any kind by the day. MRS. C. M. H.. 405
Harrison st.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day; $1 DO; dresses altered; perfect fit
guaranteed. Box 2064. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
hous»cleantng; $1 60 and carfare. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED- Infants' nurse wishes a po-
sition; city references. Box 2051, Call. .
FINNISH girl wishes place to do housework.
23^ Perry st.
WOMAN wlshts housework by th» day or nurs.
Ing. 725 Brannan St., bet. Oth and 7th.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; cook and light house-
work. Apply 629 Clay st, after 11 a. m. ~
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor.Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscrlrtlons taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. •"!•? McAllister st.
EMPIiOYMEITT WA-TTEP — Ifff.ZiE.
AA — A STEADY, sober, useful man wishes po-
sition; gardener, milk, good horseman and
drl\-er. handy with tools; good references.
Box 202C. Call office.
A GOOD barber wishes steady Job; city or
country: can furnish good references; steady
work more r>t an object than wages. Box
3091. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as small contractor and
general Jobbing by a competent carpenter.
A. M.. 918 Alvarado st.
YOUNG man. German, wishes position in a
saloon and to help with bar or work of any
kind. Box 2ii24, Call office.
WAITER, sober and steady, willing to work
at anything, wants position. Box 2033. Call.
A SOBER young man would like position as
watchman. Box ."OSS, Call.
YOUNG German, .with experience, desires posi-
tion In grocery; 3 years In last place; best
of references from the same. C. P., 201
Montgomery ave.
WANTED — Private place to do chores; com-
petent to take care of horses; want good
plate more than wages. C. T. EHLERS,
322 McAllister st.
POSITION wanted by an experienced licensed
marine or stationary gas engineer, ashore or
afloat; references, etc. Address 843 Twen-
ty-ninth 'St., Oakland, Cal.
RELIABLE, sober, steady, trustworthy bar-
tender wants to work in a reliable place;
wages no object; wants steady work. Box i
2154, . Call office. . |
YOUNG man. IS. wishes position in office; i
Christian, honest, willing, quick;- can be
useful In any office capacity. Willing, box
2791, Call. .
FURNITURE and hardware packer, under-
stands shipping and handy with tools, .wants ;
a steady position: wages ?2 75 per day. 1
Box. 2174, Call office. j
WANTED — A situation by a good sober engi-
neer familiar with Corliss and other makes of
engines.' air compressors, dynamos and mo-,
- tors; good references. Box 2307. Call office.
YOUNG Intelligent man and wife, Scandlnav-
' ian, want positions; single or together; low
waees. Box 209«. CalL
FIRST-CLASS barber wishes steady Job;
- steady employment more of an object than
wages. Box 2005. Call.
WAITER wants place at once; restaurant or
hotel, bakery or boarding house; town or
■ country. Box 2060. Call office.
YOUNG man wants Job as Janitor, dishwasher
or some inside work; steady place preferred.
Box 2041,. Call office, -
GROCERY' clerk, all-round office and counter
hand, wants work; bond; references Box
2007. Call. , ■■•■.-■
BRIGHT young man wishes position as stock
clerk in 'Wholesale house; best of refs. -. Box
' 21t'C. Call. -
YOUNG '■ man wants place to attend to old
I gentleman, lady or Invalid and do other work
In private house. . Box ■ 2208, •. Call office. ',
MECHANICAL engineer; competent to take
charge; years of experience; 40 years of age
Box 2021. Call office.
EMPIiOYM--J!IT_ WAKTB2l3^«a3f7r Coa
AS attendant and companion to ln^' a "^'
chronic or mental patient by coxripeterit. a n*l
reliable man under middle age. of education
and thorouzh training and experience as
nurse and masseur; references; terms mod-
erate. Box 2O4S. Call office. .
A FELLOWCRAFT. 00 years, wants work of
any kind except Van vareing; has had -
years' experience as a watchman. «• *••
D.. 124 Eureka st, S. F.
YOUNG mam with 8 years' experience In N>-
York City counting-rooms desires to obtain
a situation for a short time cr lonsf«> W1 "J
expert accountant J. P. PETERSON, care
Mrs. Alexander. 2327 Mission st.
YOUNG Intelligent man and wife. Scandinav-
ian, want positions; single or together; low
wages. Box 209«. Call office.
CAPABLE man wants situation to work In a
wine cellar or liquor store; can tend bar.
Phone Hyde 1611.
TEN years' experienced draughtsman and sur-
veyor wishes position for railroad company;
city or country. 762 McAllister st.
GARDENER wants position on private ptace:
married; no children: best of references; 9
years on last place. Box 2657. Call office.
NON-UNION carpenter wants work. Box 2012.
Call office.
MARRIED man desires position on ranch;
stock preferred. Box 2217, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man, age 32.
as Janitor In private family. Box 3999. Call.
PIANO player wants position; ragtime, spe-
clalty. Box 2004. Call office^
UPHOLSTERER wishes employment In a
hotel. 1858 Eighth st. West Oakland.
SALESMAN, cloaks or furniture, wishes a
position. C. U. 219 Leavenworth st
SACK sewer and sack tender would like post-
tlon. FRANK VARGAS. 528 Pacific st
A JAPANESE couple want situations In fam-
ily; man any work; wife housework or care
for child; city or country. T. KIHARA.
6 Central place, off Pine st.
A JAPANESE laundryman with many years'
experience and references wants position In
a family or hotel; wages reasonable. M. S..
935 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE wants position; first-class cham-
ber work or gardener; wages $25. HARRY
UMEDA. 1040 McAllister st. j phone Fell 71S1.
SITUATION wanted by Japanese first-class
butler: experienced: has good references.
Address GOTO. 407 Post St.. city.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy
or hours' work. TONE KAWAMOTO. 442
Devlsadero st. ; phone Page 2100.
JAPANESE, first-class waiter, wants a posi-
tion private family; good references. G. H..
518 Jessie st. city; tel. South 99.
A JAPANESE man and wife wish positions,
man to cook and wife wait at table. Call at
465 Jessie st- MIRAKATANL
JAPANESE boy wants position as helper to
baker; pay. $20 month. Address 618 Jessie.
YOUNG Chinese wishes position as cook In
/arn'ly. Call at Sang Wo Sang A Co.'s. 613
Jackson st
CHINESE ftr-t-class waiter wants position;
hotel or private place. F. Y.. 21 Brenham pi.
ECZEMA CUBE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial treat-
ment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth at.
riNAHCIAX.. "
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940.901 86
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
— —
Office— No. 14 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stock
sold: strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A- F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg.
FOK sale — Good $300 mortgage, 1 per cent a
month. SMITH. 20C Eddy st
fX-ATS TOZtET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
st. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
sirable vacant place In San Francisco oa
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; '"we
do the rest" Sterling Furiture Company.
1039 Market st. opp. McAllister.
NEW swell flats; every possible latest conveni-
ence; close to main entrance to Park: 5 car
lines: one runs all night; rent $27 50 to
$32 50. 7th ave.. nr. Fulton st. ; open 11 to 4.
CASTRO. 423. nr. 17th — Elegant sunny, mod-
ern middle flat, 7 rcoms, bath, basement; flne
view; $30.
A SUNNY corner 6-room flat; bath; basement;
half block from Market st; Eighteenth and
Castro st. cars. 3945 Seventeenth st
NOE, 1052. corner Elizabeth — Sunny corner up-
per flat; new; 6 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements; convenient to 24th-Castro cars.
SUNNY modern middle flat. 7 rooms and bath.
649 Fell st. near Webster.
LARGEST list of house- and flats to let Call
en LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st
FLATS TO LET— FUBNISHED.
A SUNNY, furnished 6-room flat. 3076 Slx-
'teenth St.. near Castro, after 5 p. m. ; refer-
ence!, exchanged. _• ■ • ■
FLAT3 POB SAM— gP^SHED.
FOR sale — Furniture of 5-room flat: complete
flat to let. 3SS8 22d St., near Castro.
$150— COMPLETELY furn. flat. 4 rooms and
bath: rent $15; nr. Panhajidle. Box 2068. Call.
A MODERN sunny upper flat of 7 large rooms,
completely furn 4 months aero. 917 Jones.
TTTB.H IT XT KE WAI7TED.
'WELL GET~YOUR~BUSINESS"— We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
flttings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1.121 Market st, be-
tween Oth and ICth. Phone South 179.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc. 1C3G Market: phone Jessie 233G.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phr>ne Red 44R2.
j gTTBKITTTI-E I* OR SALE.
ALMOST given away; storage pianos, furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. Whltehead's
Storage; open evenings. 1630 Market st
\ CARPETS, furniture, piano and odd pieces;
I going Southern California: take your choice.
I 227 San Jose ave. Phone Church 5512.
PARLOR set; almost new; $15.. 31% Rausch
st.. off Howard, bet Seventh and Eighth.
BREAKING up: mahogany, birdseye maple and
weathered oak pieces cheap. 10C6 Halght st.
j HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
j niture. carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 813
1600 IRON institution beds for sale In lots to
suit <it a great bargain. Box 2029, Call.
HELP WANTED — rEMAIiE.
SEWING MACHi::f- ► -RATORS ON OVER-
I. /ALLS. JUMPER.- - i> COATS; NO EX-
j PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK:
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32*.
FREMONT ST. W OAVIS.
IN OAKLAND, CO*. »>•• H AND CLAY STS..
SEWING MACI»'' T " OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO ••: \ PERIENCE ' NECES-
SARY: STEADV UfiRK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS * < r,
WANTED — Chocolate dipper; $10 to $12 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh et
HOUSEKEEPER wanted for lodging-house -
$100 cash security. Box 3996, Call office.'
HELPJ^aNTEE^-PSMAlJE— <»<«_Ua_,ed.
THE ROMAYN-SII1KK Register. KentTiiiK^rvi
Adv. Co.. 612-61:; Grant bld_;.. Seventh ar.j
llarkct. S-outli llM.
Early — This raorning — Early.
Girls for wrapping wire on batteries. $2.".
muni!-.: short hours, easy Job: $25.
Hou»2work girls; IH housework girl?, some
fine places, SlJ* to $30.
Salesladies tor gtxxl positions, good pay.
Special — Mlildle-ageJ woman, hensewurk, $2»
month.
COOK, small hotel, country, ?35: cook, stu-
dents" boarillng-hr.use, Palo Alter. $-'^»; par-
lormaid, city. fOO; scon.1 girl, country, $3;
2 second girl.«. city. $_t>-$25; r.urseglrl. 915;
kitchen helper. *2i>: butler. $4u; housework.
Colusa, ?20: nurse for home. ?2O; house-
work Oakland. f.°.(>; Cook, small boardlnu-
house. $35: -t> general housework girls, city
(^ and country-. J_o-*_5-$.T». Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st
A GIRL fcr cockln? and housework; 2 in fami-
ly: Monterey: $50; see party here.
A cook for 3 in family, city; light place;
$23.
A yourg, strong woman for cleaning In an
Institution, city. $30. board, but no rocm.
A girl for cooking and housework: 2 in fam-
ily; city: $30. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sut-
ter st. near Powell^
A — WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressin*.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 7,
m 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
3 positions to fill immediately; position*
guaranteed at $10 week up: only recognize
school of Its kind on coast; day and even-
ing classes. 233 Geary st. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to leam millinery now fir
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $3; positions a*
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches »halrdres«lng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day: guarantees positions; only
recogniied college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes: all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st
WANTED— Salesladies for boys' fornlshin*
goods department Apply this morning to 9.
N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
LADIES wanted to learn barber trade; only
elgh* weeks required; wages earned -.hi;*
learning. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
649 Sacramento st.
LADIES fcr steady home employment: $9 and
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.. room 618.
WANTED — A middle-aged woman for plain
cooking and housework. Apply 829 Clay st.
HE-.P WA1TTEP — TOA.U1.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK REGISTER. RENT-
ING AND ADV. CO..
612-613 Grant bldg. 7th-Market South 104.
Stenographer, competent take charge set of
books, references required, $123 month.
Young man. learn carpet salesman, one ex?.
as stock clerk preferred. $50 start.
Three salesmen, exp. boys' clothing. $85 up.
Two gents- furnishing men. extra Job.
Old man to act as Santa Claus.
General utility boy. steady Job.
Sewing machine agents. $15 week and com.
THE ROMAYN-PHIRK Register Renting and
Adv. Co., 612-613 Grant bldg.. Seventh and
Market. South 104 — Watchmaker: gents' fur-
nishing goods salesmen: other positions;
cood pay for good men.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BTTREAtT.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for
Office men. Bookkeepers.
Stenographers. Collectors.
Traveling salesmen. Accountants,
Office managers. Railroad clerks.
Law office clerks. Hotel clerks.
General office men In all lines of business.
302 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary st.
~~ ~ a/iIORD & SMITH'S. "
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st
Man for camp corral, bay shore. $33 found.
Choreman. take care 3 cows and 1 horse,
also deliver milk, $1S and found, city.
Solicitor, tea and coffee, city, good Induce-
ments.
Man for dye house, $13 to $20, experienced.
J. F. GREY, please call; stenographer ami
typewriter for country. $40 and found :
young man for store, drive wagon, etc.. $15
and found, country: butler. $4t> and found:
poultry man and wife. J» found; man to
raise alfalfa on shares; cook, country. $4<>
and found: and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st. — Restaurant
waiter. $10 50 a week; lunch counter man
and open oysters. $50; bedmaker and porter,
country. $3S; porter and help around. $20 to
$25; second cc«ik. $10 to $12 a week; man
about place. $20; gardener, private place.
$40 and found, etc. -
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
German and English bookkeeper, good pay.
Porter packer and shipper, wholesale hous>,
$50.
Stenographer and office assistant, good pay.
Al watchmaker, regular pay.
81 Third st, suite 9-10.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Man and wife, cooks for camp, $75 first 3
months, afterward tlOO.
WANTED — Ordnance foreman. $8 per diem. An
examination will be held at the Navy Yard.
Mare Island. Cal.. December 23. 1904. to fill
"""■the above position. For application and fur-
ther information address "COMMANDANT.
NAVY YARD. MARE ISLAND. CAL."
WANTED — Experienced men's furnishing
goods salesmen for our city retail stores; ap-
ply here. EAGLESON & CO.. 535 Market st
WANTED — One or two men to learn a trade;
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First st.
WANTEI> — Young man to work for his tuition
in S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
WANTED — Barber: call after 8 a. m. 1025
Howard st.
BARBERS— Good barber shop. 2 chairs, for
sale. Call at once. 1547 Mission st.
MEN — The only original Moler Barber College.
teaches barber trade In 8 ' weeks; wage*
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for Illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College. 649 Sacramento «t
. ... Lately moved from Clay st
PLEASANT faced, flne appearing registered
physician and surgeon: must be quite gray.
but active: positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st '
SALESMAN for new and second-hand furni-
ture stcre; one well posted on goods and
prices: only experienced ones need apply.
40S Eleventh st. Oakland.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns to write ahort articles for Eastern
magazine: $10C0 per year; local refs. re-
quired. Box 40CO. Call.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mail.
Internal revenue and custom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute. Grant bldg.. 10R3 Market: open evgs.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 1C0 new rooms to the Denver Uouse,
217 Third at.; 250 rcoms; 25c to 50c per night
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; _5o
to 60c. 571 Mission st. bet. 1st and 21 sts..
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses^ elec-
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
PANTSMAKER fcr the country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
SAILORS fcr deep water ships at HERMAN'S.
26 and 27 Steuart »t.
WANTED— Young man with some cash for le-
gitlmate. paying busine-s. Box 2259. Call.
BOYS wanted to deliver Christmas packages.
Apply C07 Market st.
BARBER shoo for sale: account of other bus!.'
ne3S. 720 Mission st.
BARKER j«hop for sale; 3 chairs. Inquire at
Call office.
FOR sale — 3-chalr barber shop. Call at 8C4
Folsom st.
FINE 2-chilr barber shop for sal^>- rent $12.
Inquire H. BARNARD. 104 Seventh st.
BARBER allot) for sale; 2 chairs; gcoJ location
business part: $100. Apply. Call offloe.
GILLETTS school is the place to learn the
fcarber trade, till Commercial «...
BARBER trade taught absolutely free.
HAIGHTS. 7-1 Miaaion st. See him.
SCHOOLBOY to carry morning papers; no
Svnday work. Apply 1325 Mission st.
WANTED — A second-hand Ice plant, lmmedi-
ately. Box 1693. 10C3 Market st.
MEN to learn the detective business: paid
wMle learning. 907 Market st. room ICi.
SAILORS arxl young men tgr»en hands) fcr
thip-. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
MEN wanted at 1TT 3d st. where -hoes are r»-
palred by machinery; sewed soles :o m!a. 73c.
LABOR debt* collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Mcntgy.. r. •US-
PENSION atty.. E. A. BuTlis. rrToTPbelan bM.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received st
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.iVl NCb Mb A I O SMALL AD PA RONS— FREE
— X£AX»E — CoEticaed.
XJl RRAT & READY. tZt-C3* CUyiitJ
Pfcone Ma.:a 5H8.
THE 7?1GHT oy HAN TO L4"V~E: THE
K1OHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Etnploriaert atsd Labcr Agents.
. «e pave ia 1S«3 = l»04 we hope to
eo.ow laea w.jtk. lacreaae 60.00U.
IO3CERS.
S machine rr;iti«-rs. eixul rr.lnf, $30.
POUTER.
» «a.ilma»:»T», rJty y-\- f2 r.r» to *i day.
COOK AXU WIFE.
Cook si.d *-if. a» S:st ani *e-c>nd. country I
r»-«^-jT-act. 5S0 tr.fl four.i.
liilker a.ad rrir*. Porturuev. A;n:aeda. CoOS-
tf. $*3 ead ltrJT.2.
FARU.S ANU DAIRIES.
U tarrn hands, ranch tritnFiers. S milker*.
efcoreinen ar.d ch^r-rLioyss c:ty aad ccructrj 1 .
HOTEL r>EP"ARTliENT.
Cocks, waiters sni kitrten haiida. bell boys
ar.d elevator bora.
LArXDRT.
Marker end CSstrtkmXbr. rour.try l*ur:drj-> $''•0
»>:»r nai cie«r>^r ermntTT 1ob.
4
FOREMEN.
C'fAP.RT PtjREMAN.
?12. r . MciT.th.
Quarry furea^aii. inrgp ccmpatiy. Ui<>d to air
Crflla. Cynarr.ite. eteady job $123.
BOOKKEXrER. OOCXTBf STOP.E.
Eaofckeer^r. coenrry grocpry rtore. 30 to 4O
year*, good referrnoe« recjuired. $7!i.
BOOliK EEPER-
liootkeeper tnd Menoffra.i.h*T. ranch, aauth.
♦*0 aid foenfl.
I1CWUT <: P.EAOT. 634-636 day ft.
APPP.OVED BY GO\*ERNOR.
Febr-ian 14, IMS.
HERE JS THE LAW.
READ IT.
Raid T\rti Timt January 13. 1303.
Tt U cnUnrfu: la thf STATE OF CALI-
FORNIA for ar.y fwrton, firm, corporation
or ajisodatic-a yurfuins. for pr"fli. to rec*!ve
tfirecwy cr Ir.d'rettly any money or other
valuable considfrst'on from any person seek-
ing employment for tie REGISTERING OF
HIS or HER NAME. The position must be
• ctuaily rurnifbed— NOT REGISTRATION.
Refpectfullr.
bTCRRAT A READY." €S4-€36 Clay st.
MAN to run restaurant; goM chance for live
mac
E'.arksmiib and woodworker., country shop.
$3 day. \_
MCRRAT & RE ADV. «34-«6 Clay st.
POSITIONS FOR THF. NEW TEAR.
Hi£h-rr*<Je talesm-a. offlc* and technical
tr.es. peeking posltioes. will find It to their
advantage to Investigate our plan. Whether
errplcved or unemployed, we can Interest
yon. Call* r^ceJ-red dally for men for de-
e!rab> pciiriccs in mercantile aad technical
!fn#>«. Our charres are moderate and our
Tvsrriflbility is open «o your investigation.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY.
«:S-i:fi St?rr King h!dg.. 121 Geary st.
TRY c-jr rnen't shoes, union made: $1 ar.d %\ SO
pair; loct-fcrm fhoe*. $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 33 St., Exam, bid.; open till 8 p.m.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 TMrd~st~ "near Mar-
ket — TOO rooms: 35c night: reading roonu;
Tree 'bn» and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep-
tion of e-Jvertiseniert* and eubtrriptions has
b*»r. opened at 1008 Marfet at., oppoelte
F:fth. Or*n until 11 p. ra.
ALL. e'.re* men'e ehoes alirhtly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 23 tts.
SOLICITORS.
W ANTED — LadiT cr gT.tlem^n to solicit. Call
tt room 3f>, Winchester HoteL
EOKSES A3fD TTAGOIf S.
FIRE f ale— Vehicles cf all descriptions slightly
damEP*<J by fire, eracke and water, to be aolu
■ at a facrif.c* during next 5 daye at O'BRIEN
& SONS'. MO Golden Gate ave.
TWO C2r!oads broke hors*^. weighing from
lf».«0 to 16<X» pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket. E. STEWART & CO.. 22<> Valencia et.
THE Quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Ccl-
I»*r new ready: mailed free upon application
to DP.. E. J. CREELY. Prea.. 610 Golden Gate.
RT'GOY refces for Christmas at 20 p«>r rent dls^
ronnl; i <lsy<» cr.ly. M7 MarkPt ft,
A BUSINESS busrr for sale for $45. Box
!!>j. Call office.
BT'OOY. good condition, for sale; $25. Box
KSt Call office.
ron aale — A 2ne road hor«^: 5 years old; gen-
Vif; i^ood traveler. Box J19. Call office.
For fj'e — in £^ecn4-han express wagons, one
girpie truck. 2X3 B»ale rt.
AT'CTION sauI* of hor**s. wagon* and harness
">ry WVdn*-fiay at 11 a. rn. 327 Sixth st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED lift cf houses toTet ; BenXfoTclr^
. calar. G. H. UMBSEN # <t CO.. 20 Montgomery
: t"NFX"RNISHED or partly furnished home;
Prtsidlo Keitht*; * rooms and bath. Box
737. C*J! efflce.
HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath. Inquir* 128
Eddy rt.
_HOTEJiS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1C15 Van Ness are.—
This Crtt -class hotel, new being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
pfat-on cr year. Location is unsurpassed. The
>-•, : ;-r:.»--:f are all modem, with every con-
. x-eniente. The rooms are large, eunny and
comfortable: sup«Tb \-iew; furclahings are all
»i^rer.t. Cuisine highest order. H. C, SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Lar.grhatn.
New Y^ric. «r.d Moar;» Hotel. Honolulu.
irrSTALLMKITT BTJII.DINO.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COUPANT.
Inzt&ilir.ent homes, 512 CaUiaghan building,
wi:i build on your property or buy you a lot;
fS a month ;s; s principal and Interest on
«-a.ch S1000 cf bsJance due, making your in-
»tAHm«-nts lesa than rest: send for circular.
ZtOST AJTO TOXTSTD.
LOFT— fiuniay afternoon. Dec. 11. at beach,
south cf Park, black Ecctch colli* bitch.
Fsitable reward if returned to 1326 Forty-
ninth av*.. Boulererd station, or for lnfor-
i. ht:-r. of wbereabouta.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Sa.v1ngs
acd L--«.r 6'>»:lety of San Francisco In the
name of TECLA T. TUCKER, ruardiaa of
Augustus Tempi*, a minor. No. 121-783.
The finder will p'-ase return to bank.
lk*>T— A i*j«e book with the Hibernia 8«v-
aiifl L^an £oci€ty of San Francisco in
the narn* cr Thrtr.a* Mc<'anhy. No. 23.V14C2.
Th» finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A v&s+ U>ck with tha Hibernia Sav-
ings and 1* :.:, Society of San Francisco In
the c«jr.e of iiarerrte Mur.rc-e. No. I.&4L.Q3O.
Tl:* Cn£er will ; .• •«.•■• return to back.
LEFT In forj. rtrre by a colored lady, a
worsted Jacket. Notify box 203«, Call office,
as to location; reward.
I/5ST — Tuesday, airs^thyst from tnan'a fob;
' liberal reward for return to 400 Kearny at.
itAtnrcHZB roB gran.
C. A. lIcNEULU LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
r: : fcr pleaxvre end business: tel. Bush 534.
xiA.TTa£SSz:s Axm pillows.
TO crder; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS., 1432-^4 Howard *t- ; phone South 21«.
racsxcAXu
LAt-iT:.- who are in trouble or suffering from
aay ailmer.t ix-cuHtr to their ses can find
in:me<Ii«t# reiief by consulting Dr. White,
the only rraduste physician In San Francisco
who his devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years* experience without a failure has
puf him et the head. He ruBxantees relief or
n« pay.
_£R.J>VKITE 1 7C2 Market st.. rooma 7 and 8.
I.ADIE5 — Possibly I'm cot the cheapest nor yet
; the o:dr»t n^ialirt here, but I AM a RE-
LIABLE cTaduat* physician. W'bes in trou-
ble confide In ice. Irregularities relieved;
the enfortunat* helped; I promtae best alten- t
turn and no danger: I guarantee prompt re- i
rults or r.y cfcarje. Room 1. Est 14 year*. '
PR, E. a. WEST, office 305 Kearoy at. - i
KEE. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for atl fe- I
male tro'-blft* aad Irregularities,; Instant re-
litf guaranteed. l<toU, Market at., cpp. Cth. '
MR*. pR T.TETH. si»eci«JI»t forail "feraale
coti;piiint* er.J hTe*rulariti«i; inrtact relief i
yeBr*" experience. {144 Host (Vj
VALPJvAirR female pills; t>est rerulaTirTgpiils i
«old; price ?2 5« by express. Pasteur's err- I
Jnse and u.bl«ti: prtc* fT.. By ei^ree., on i r
ia reoEim of price. O6GOOD BROTHFR5
wholeaa!* crupgitt*. Seventh and Eroadwa'y'
Oskl&r.d.
MRP. DR. ALLEN, ladies' specialist, removed
from HIS Karket to 63S Mission st.. ne*r
Fourth; hotr» in confinement: 27, year*' expe- j
rJence; b*«t o-.tdlcal *ttention: low fees.
l.'MF.s «uff^rlng from SrregutaritW's. Mck or i
in trouble, r ;, fc -;!t Dr. Sylvester. 213 Kearr.y
».-t-;rrltef guaranteed; »o drugs, no operations.
UME. HAY'S female cones; guaranteed: sure
remedy; $2. Smart Set Mfg. Co., 519 Mission.
tSr. and MRS. DAVTES and HINDOO HERBS;
, nr^dnal method cf treatraent. 1226 Market.
'atSSIC-aVE— - Ccatinne.a.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELI All who are s!ck or
In trooUe crvrsuit this Fn-rial!»t on. ffmilt
i-omplaints: jottively correct «!; th* unfortu- j
nete helped; tfce roost difficult cases treated:
every case takers; immediate relief; no poi-
soning drays: lpw fees; my methods will car*
all caw of irregularity: by consulting m^ !
save time and money; advice free. Office,
HIS Market st-
DRS. GOODWIN has ref.irr.<-d from Europe;
estab. 18S4 in S. F. : 20 years' experience;!
fetr.al*- complaints only; Drs. Goodwin Is well j
known to «?n«oy the Implicit oonfldence of la- ,
&i*+ t«f5erir.E from irregularities or other j
conditions; relief assured or n.» charge; avoid '
delay; :e«> lew: hours 2 to 4 and 6:30 to S:30
p. m. S50 Market st.. second floor, rocrn 87.
TALBOT BARNARD. Australian Nerve Spe-
cialist, hag arrived; limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. S221 21st st.
LADIES — Kumround: safe. cure, never fails;
$2. Gleacon-Rupgles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN residence 2995 Fo>om »t.. corner
2Cth; ladies, relief or no fee; S10.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE.
AN easy way to give Christmas presents with-
out straining your purse: Select anything
from our large stock of diamonds, watches,
jewelry, cut-glass silverware, gold and silver
umbrellas, etc.: deliver you the goods on first
pavTner.t; the balance in small installments;
no'charse for engraving; call In and exam- !
ire our goods. UNITED LOAN AND TRUST t
CO.. 21 Stockton St., near Market. Phone
Buah *S4. _^^^^
~ DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK? '
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron i
rocf? Cover It with MaMic Roofing, it is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters '
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us tbout it. Elaterite Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
2 D- HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps
pulleys, phafting. etc.. etc. bought, soldL
rented and exchanged; see Sunday capers
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beaie st!
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont »U
A— BUY3, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gir.es. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 £pear St.
REPUTABLE place to. rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Princ* Albert suits. J. COOPER
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
A VERY fine Xmaa tree, 12 fe«t high, for sale.
Call at the W. O. hardware store. 25S3 Mar-
ket St., near Sixteenth.
— —^— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — _—
TRY car men's shoes at tt and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at |2 50; w« pay express
<-harses. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ALL kinds of talking machines and records at
factory prices. LEVY'S. • 415 Kearny; ex-
changes made.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12. upstairs.
FINE Xmas gift — Pure white homer pigeons;
also runts and fancy pigeons. Call 1625
Union st.. Oakland.
AN ctegant sealskin, good as new, only $70.
. UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stock-
ton ft., second floor.
2S NEW genuine Russian sable tails; cort
S130; sell for ?4C>. Box 2057. Call office.
FOR sale — 1 pocatt, hood top, nearly new. 918
Alvarado st.
WILL sell beautiful great Dane female, seven
months old; flO. 10 Alice st.
FOR tale — 2 diamond rings, gold bracelets,
__I>earl opera el asses. 25 John st.
GRAPHOPHONE, Olumbia, $30 size: new,
with IS records; very cheap. Box 2034. Call.
HANDSOME, long. Isabella fox stole; cost $35;
accept $12. Caii 1006 Haight st.
A GENTLE milch cow, cheapTS26 Pacific ave.,
a:u:i>- :,. .
BARBER Fhcp for sale; reasonable rrlce. In-
quire 461 Seventh St.. Oakland.
TWO o!d-rraster violins, cheap. Call or ad-
dreps 12 Grove st.
TOWET'H furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
SAFE? m.d rash register*: new and second-
hand. I FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
pluinb. material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.; tel. South Sll.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Eullard & Breck. 131 Post sfV
PAFES— New and secorsd-hand. THE HERR-
MANN PAFK CO., C07 Battery st.
GASOLINE engine*, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
ROOMS pEp^red, $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hart warn Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
t jfrscEiAAiregps WAirre.
AAAAA A— BUYS any amount pood second-hand
clotl.:ng: special rrioe for fancy ladies'- and
men's clnthcs. H22 Folsom; tel. Folsom S522.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 625. CSO Sacramento st.
INVENTORS desirous of selllrg or borrowing
money on their patents, call at United Loan
and Trust Co., 21 Stockton St.. 2d floor; phone
Bush 464.
WANTED — A male Spitz pup about 7 or 8
months old. Call MRS. ANDERSON, 554
Hayes st., after noon.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO., r. 405. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny st. : phone Black 3036.
xojniTjrq LOAir. :] _
AAAAA— A CONfTd'enTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortsases.
Undivided Interest*.
Goods in bond.
Eecond and third mortgages.
v Estates in probate.
Life estate*.
E?eclal department for loans to ladles on
their notes.
Private offices fcr ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO-.s.
21 Stockton St., near Market.
2d floor. Phone Bush 4S4.
AA.AA — THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
vou very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) p*r cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone us i phone Bush 4>4> and
the manager of our loan department, will call
or. ycu: all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MARKET.
Private offices at 21 Stockton St.. 2d floor.
N. B. — The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free ufe of same to all cus-
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY fine)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN..
INTEREST 5V4 AND 6 PER CENT\"'!
CITY, OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Eecond mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY..
Suit* 107-10S Crocker bldg.; phone Main 592*.
AAA— HERMAN. MURPHY. "
601-602-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no- disappointments. ,
Save expenses by dealing driectly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter- I
ests, assignment* o* rents, property In trust, !
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in- i
terests Jn property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Whts You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY. ---i^y
.— ___£___
A reasonable. amount. oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, en real cetat*.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particular*
of property. —
Location, etc. -
Box 223. Call office. ,v'-.:;,--
SALARY LOANS— ~
Mosey loaned salaried people without secur-
|ty or ladcreement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bid?.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
oer cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry- Store.
978 Market; tel. Main' 1644. Branch UJ»2
Market and 27 Third.
A ON furattur* or piano* at lowest rates; no
removal • no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgage* or on any security; any
amount. O..W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 3t>.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters boarding-houses, without
f-ecur'.ty: easy payments; large business in 4C
principal cities. TOLMAN. S53 Parrott blag.
ANY amount quickly on - furniture or piano
without removal;- other fcecurity ; fairest
rates: strictly confidential; no commls. Na-
tional Credit Co., 506 Donohoe bid., 8 Taylor
ANT amount on country property. L. A.
SPENCER. 472 Tenth at.. Oakland. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.; THURSDAY. DECEMBER" 22, 1904.
Free to Small Ad Patrons of
YOUR CHOICE OF
Armour Packing Co.'s Helmet Brand
Armour Packing Co.'s Helmet Brand
PONIVF N-SF DM INCILMF AT
/T'HE Small Ad Premium the Call offers :its patrons this week is particularly seasonable.
No Christmas dinner is nearly complete without a Plum Pudding or a Mince Pie.
A Small Ad placed with the Call -for next Sunday will provide your home liberally
with either one of these complements to a Christmas repast. The fame of the Armour
Packing Co/s brands is universally known. Only the finest materials money can buy
are employed in making their products.
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad....
THURSDAY, FRIDAY or SATURDAY
F^ T>
j^ J5L JCa V^Laaaf^l^ SL jB^^^Sr J&_ _^%h l\. TbTW Jm mtk Jfffc *T*b— TbbbT MXkmd^T
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE II OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Market Sftreets _ || 1016 Broadway
MONEY TO liOAHj^-Ooatintied. !jM
MONEYto loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.: cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 523 Parrott bid.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.
PRIVATE party will loan money on salaries
without security. Room 76, 816 Market st.
SALARIED pecple on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY, 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt. I
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se*
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Boom 311. Mutual Sav. Bfc. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
■-, mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MOKRELL, C09 Examiner building.
| MONEY WAB7TEP.
WANTED— Party who can invest $10,TX)0 or
$15,000 in manufacturing ■ poultry and stock
i food buslines: 1 , which Is now earning $1500
per month, and with additional capital will
' clear $25,000 this coming year. Address box
380. Call office.
anrsTCAii m htutu uujxts.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 Haake $3S; 1 Decker,- $48; 1 Stoddard, $110;
1 Fischer, $125.
ALSO
1 Sterling. 1 Stelnway, 1 Curtax, 1 Vose, 1
Weber 1 Halnes, and many others. .Easy pay-
. roents. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
r»ll st. . ■ . ' - - .. !
A GREAT opportunity — We are closing . out
our entire Seattle stock in 8. F. at prices
never heard of before; . all makes; '.your
terms are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If j
purchased. HEINE PIANO ' CO.. 235-2S7
Geary St.. 8. F. ; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice — Car fine new
pianos In storage; slightly damaged by - R.
R. wreck; less than S100; planes guaranteed;
open eves. Whitehead's Storage, 1636 Market.
PARTY roust sell large Stelnway upright; cost
$700; price $285; will accept payments; np
j reasonable cash offer refused. ■ 237 Geary, st.
BEAUTIFC1. new upright pianos for rent $3
per. month; on* year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT- CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st.
ALMOST given away — Storage pianos, furnl-
ture. dirt cheap to pay storage. -Whitehead's
Storage, -1636 Market St.; open evenings.
BARGAIN: Vose piano, nearly new; no agents, j
A. POTTET. northeast cor. 20th-Folsoin ■ sta.
OPEN evenings nn,til Christmas. Byron Mauay
; Piano Warerooms, 308-312 Post st
MXTSICAX JTNSTHTJMENTS — Con tinned.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $185
takes It. 237 Geary at.
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will aell for $06.
237 Geary st.
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung; Piano
House. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500
Plerce'a Piano Factory. Market and 14t': sts.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy pianos Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. SOS -312 Post st.
NEW upright piano* sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
S-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger. Ilttl* used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
.: OFFICES A2fP STORES TO 3LET.
SOON vacated, established location, suitable
dentist; rent very cheap. WHIGHAM. 933
. Market at. .- - * • , .
MEN suffering with rheumatism. Insomnia,
nervousness or poor circulation seeking
health. Trill find It to their advantage to see
■ me before going anywhere else. I give scl-
v -entlflc body massage, electricity or vibration
at my office; terms reasonable. PROF.
HAMMERSTEIN, 1710 Butter st.. S. F.
AA— WHY look old? —
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLING1JAM; a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face can be seen daily: write for book-
: let. 143 Stockton St., cor. Geary.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face with-
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth . may be had through my
scientific treatment: consultation and book-
Itf. free. M. ELLA HARRIS, 128 Geary at-'
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its rrowth, stops falling, cures dandruff
. and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' :ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133S Polk
"REXRADIO'S'' • (humanized) radium, treat-
ment succeeds where all others fall In alleged
Incurable dteeasee: offlc* hours, 2 to ? 1
Fourth 8t.. cor; Market. " : y /
ANY Information of the whereabouts of WIL-
LIE or FRANK LUND, formerly of Chicago,
• will be thankfully received by his brother,
EMIL LUND, box 22C9, Call. .
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
troubles. ""•- Of flee. 320 Starr King bldg.. 121
Geary st. MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetic
specialist; ladles and gentlemen. —
. MRS. LEQG, ■ the -noted mental scientist, has
opened offices at 2214 Howard st. ; all dis-
eases positively cured without- medicine; to-
bacco * liquor habits specialty: consult Tre*.
NOTICE — Any one desiring, to become master
- of their own destiny, and become an Initiate
: : in the. Cabala." for information. The Philo-
sophical ■ Pub. ■;. Co.,-. 1429 Market st. '
FACE massage and electric. treatments, newly
opened parlors. 104 Kearny st., 2d floor, r. 2.
FACIAL massage and manicuring parlor*. 203
Powell at.", parlor L 1 "* ■■■■■
PEBSONAI.S— Contlnned.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres, dealer in
carret twine In hank or chain, at lowest
ra,tes. Geo. Matthews, 708 Fifth St.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus-
sels, tapesstry and moquette; chenille curtains
woven Into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market St., Oakland: take West 8th car.
HAIR growers. Are .you using the right~oneT
Best recipes and treatment for each kind of
baldness. All 25c. Box 14, Sheepranch, Cal.
AUBREY FITCH: Write me; my present ad-
dress Salt Lake City; important news from
London. WALTER.
LADIES— Complete manicure outfit; 5 pieces;
25c, silver or stamps. Smart Set Mfg. Co
' 619 Mission st.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab
1809. 2122 Flllmor* St.; phone Geary 2063.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS". London
Tailor. 721 Market at.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 P0
down and $1 50 per week. -• T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., S40 Post St., near Powell.
MR3. DR. CWYER. 511A Leavenworth~BtI7Ve~-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
FACE massage.. Address N., ,217 Post at.,
rooms 17-18.
SUITS t6 order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
EASY Installments for Men ana Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt-
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you. in fine clothing.
. Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton, 369 Sutler. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, r.88.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play j bocks, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALTREDUM'9 Egyptian Henna restores gray
. hair to Its natural color. $1 st all druggists'.
PKTS1CXAKS AOT_ SraQ3B0Brs/~~
•DR. C.-.C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market St., bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty
. DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the >■ human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason rt., now lo-
. cated at 667 Geary at., near Leaven worth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb' doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. , 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAR3
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cotttngham, 204 Butter.
■ V '- ■ FATES TS; ,'".'; \. . ■ - ■ .
INVENTIONS patented, i F. P. MEDINA, at-
. torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
MAL ESTATE — CZTT— rOB SALE.
' ' ~ •■- ■ ■
ONLY A" FEW LEFT.
tl 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots; Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table; on grade:
close to fine school and Mlsslon-st. electric
cars; bound to double in value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these- are the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5701.
ATTENTION!
ATTENTION!
Look at the splendid lots we are selling on
the sunny side (north) of Waller St.. be-
tween Ashbury and Clayton; you can have
what frontage you like; depth 137:6; ac-
cepted street; level lots; stone walks, etc.;
the price Is 'only $110 a front foot, or $2750
for 25x137:6; Just a few of these, the best
and cheapest In the Panhandle district.
LYON * HOAG,
116 Montgomery st.
O'FARRELL ST..
NOT FAR FROM MASON ST.
i Good frontage and extra large depth back to
rear street. I
Over 4200 square feet on ground floor.
THOMAS MAGEE tt SONS.
S Montgomery st.
$160©— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; good location;
very easy terms; a big bargain. Apply
8310 Mission, st.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHL-
BACH & MATER, plumbers. 839 Howard st.
BEAL ESTATE — COTTirTBT — For Sals. !
' I
£5000 — 80 ACRES of land, atl tinder cultlva- [
tion with Improvements, in orchard section j
of. Eutter County; only three miles from
county seat and on line of new Irrigation I
tfltch. '
bbbbbbbbBbbbbbbbI
A bb*p If takes soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM,
406 Second St.. Marysvllle. CaL
A BEAUTIFUL Swiss chalet and outhouses,
all up to date, and 6 acres of prime land
planted to apples: situate on Lake Pinto;
climate and scenery unsurpassed; 2% miles
north of WatsonviUe. Santa Crux Co.; gram-
mar school within a few hundred yards: 50-
acre apple orchard adjoins above; will b*
sold separately or as a whole; owner absent
from State; wires us, "sell."
GAFFEY & MAHON.
11 Montgomery st.. S. 7.
SPECIAL BARGAIN. — —
180 acres of level land; good soil; near Kel-
seyville. Lake County; only $3 per acre. See
P. C. LASSEN «fc CO.. Oakland. Cal.
""ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS! "
i Send postal for catalogue of the best lanr
bargains in California. C M. WOOSTER CO..
64S Market st.
FOR subdivision — Three tracts: swellest prop-
osition in State. J. E. LEWIS. Real Estate
Agent, Kentfleld. Marin Co. P. O. Ross.
CONTRA Costa County Real estate for sale.
Send for list. D. J. WEST. Martinez. CaL
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
BAH MATEO HIAL ESTATB.
LOMITA PARK.
As an investm-.nt or for a home site, a 50-
foot lot In Lomita Park offers exceptional ad-
vantages. Only 45 minutes from the city on
the San Mateo electric line; outside the fog
belt: well located and drained; artesian water:
streets graded; water and sewer pipes laid.
Terms — A first payment of from $10 up and
balance at $10 per month. Easily within the
reach of all. First placed on the market Aug-
ust 1 and over half now sold. Must be seen
to be appreciated. Go down and Investigate or
write to-day — to-morrow may be too lat* to
secure a choice. •
SEI^Y. RODGERS & CO..
Main 673. 116 California st.
Also at LOMITA PARK.
EEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD Oakland property to exchange for coun-
try property. L. A. SPENCER, 472 Tenth
St.. Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVEKT'STS
rBUITVAI.E REAX ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone~\'aie~»«i!
Office one-half block from Fruitvale station.
?2»»O cash — 2-room cottage, unfinished; city
water; close to cans and school; on high
ground; beautiful view; lot 45 f eet • frontage ;
price, all told, $45O.
$1000 — New cottage of 3 rooms; stable, wagon
shed; chleken-houees and yards: graveled
walks: nice garden: beautiful lot, 2 frontages.
50x2oO; close to cars.
$1250 — Nice rustic cottage of 4 large rooms;
pentry, buttery; all sewered; chicken-houses
and y*rds Inclosed in wire fence: nice garden;
fruit trees and flowers In abundance: close to
street car and school, lot 35x2<>l: nice creek
flows through property; large shade trees.
Slir.fk — Neat, 4-room. high-basement cottage:
! all nicely fenced; good schools, churches and
postoffice close by; property 50x100.
ONLY ?200 cash — Beautiful home of 5 large
rooms; fine reception hall: bath, porcelain tub;
patent toilet: large pantry: choice location:
fine view; 2 car lines 1 block away; fine school
and church close by; price, all told, $2200; lot
50x123. ;. -
$3250 — Beautiful 5-room bungalow, all ele-
cantly paneled and decorated: handsome art
mantel; elegant bath: large 2-story barn; car-
riage-house; chicken-houses; over %.acre of
ground: electric cars pass the door: nestles at
the base of the foothills; protected from the
hi^h winds: close to the main county boule-
vard, which makes this, very desirable prop-
erty: grammar school and postofflce near by;
terms can t>e given with small cash payment
down: ajj/ improvements brand new.
$600 cash — Beajitifui home of 4 large rooms;
high basement; concrete foundation; flne well
of water; all set out In small fruits; will amek
a flne chicken ranch; no cold fogs or heavy i
winds; nestles at the base of the foothills:
street cars, school, church and postofflce close
by; flne sandy soil; nearly 1 <ecre of ground;
price all told. $2000: THIS IS A SNAP.
WfLL SELD YOU A LOT AND BUILD
YOU A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY
PAYMENTS.
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee tract: fine
soil; grand view: new homes rapidly going up:
no cold winds or wet foes, and lots only $75
each; $5- down, balance ?2 50 per month.
CHAS. T. LEE, 1222 Fruitvale ave.
$650 — CUT from $750 to make quick sale;
choice lot. 60x163; in fruit: half block oft
Fruitvale ave.: nice homes all around: worth
$900: easy terms. BELDEN. 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S ? M ? TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKIAND BEAL ESTATE. '
BELDEN' S BARGAINS.
$667— Will buy lot 3374x113 on Edwards
St.. bet. Telegraph ave. and Broadway.
$1100— Reduced : choice building lot. 82:<5x
112: north side 34th St.. Just off Telegraph ave.
$1150 — Beautiful high lot on Vernon St.:
Vernon Heights: 40x132: superb, view; nice
homes.
$27 50 per foot; chance for speculators; 110
feet on Orange St.. opposite Senator Perkins.
$1600 — Lot 50x129 on 22d St.. bet. Grov* st.
and Telecraph ave.
$450 — Cheap lot on 2Sth St.. near San Pablo
ave.. 25x100. > {
BELDEN. Real Estate.
1112 Broadway. Oakland.
$50 CASH. $1 50 monthly; fine, high and dry
lots, 25x100; only a limited number left:
here's the chance of a lifetime; ICOxiCO will
. cost but $200 or $50 per lot; rrand view of
mountains', valley and bay: away from fogs
and raw winds: near electric cars; fln«
school and in a building-up locality. adjoin-
In East Oakland: sandy loam sell. Call or
send for circular. 455 Seventh St., opposite
Broadway station. Oakland. Carriage free.
I ' H. Z. JONES, owner.
MUST BE SOLD.
$600— Fine 50-foct lot: West st., north of
Fortieth; quick service to San Francisco; owner
needs money; will sacrifice for cash.
$900— Splendid elevated lot. 73x125 feet;
street macadamixed; lovely view; rapid transit
service; creditors forcing sale: see this at once
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY
460-462 Eighth et., O&kland. Cal.
A SNAP— Choice lot. 110x125. SW. cor "1st
and Myrtle ets.: will be sold as a whol* or
in subdivisions: sold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle st.. Oakland.
$7000— HANDSOME new 8-room house; furn-
ace; Lakes Id e district, near business center,
must sell. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE
CO.. .460-462 Eighth st.. Oakland.
OAKLAiro i BOOMS TO TJST.
3 LARGE furnished rooms, suitable for hou»»-
.- keeping. Apply 554 East 1 Sixteenth St.. Oak,-
land. i . ■*> J
OAKIlAITD FTJBNICT7BE 7OS SALE.
TO-MORKOW the day for bargains In furnl-
. ture. H. Schelhaaa, Uth tt,,cor.»tor*.Oaklaji4 ,
■mWWMiiiffBiiMwnif iwirffHT "^^*TrTii mnnnwini
soosts roE HOirsxxzpi^a.
BRYANT. 421 — Two sunny rnorai. nicely fur-
nisheu for housekeeping; gas.
EDDT. C10 — Xlcely tarn, suite, light house-
keeping: alro double rooms; terms moderate.
ESSEX. 11. bet. First ar.d Second. »off JV.l-
rom — 3 sunny furnishPd housekeeping rooms;
_^uas: $13 SO
rarrO.'^SSt^a fonttttd house ke^pinc; $i-;
also 2; 512.
1 FILUMOP.E. Utf>— Two or three sunny front
roon-.y; hcu«eke*Ding privilese.
GEART. 1C25— Nlct sunny bay-windo-w suit?:
all conveniences; line view; a!so other choice
rcoms; reasonable.
GR.EEX. 1929—2 lar?e. furnished rooms flcf
housekeeping: hot and cold water Irs roem«;
telephone and bath.
HOWARD, 713^ — Housekeepings: 3 larRe wntiT
rooms, suitable for S cr 4 adults; respectable:
ro transient.
XACR8OIT, Oil. ccr. Mason— One or two un-
furnlsherf housekeeping' tociuj*.
JE?SIB. .rjn— Ijirge sunny front ronm; R3*
♦aaite: sink, bed and cot: $3 25 week; otheta.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 134© Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-rocm suites: steam bfate'1.
electric lighted: free baths; rates reasonable.
LARKIN. — Two housekeeping rooms; al«o
nice, aunny sinjg'e: reasonable; prtrate.
MISSION'. 91H^. near Firth— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping: fo3 stove; reasonable.
MISSION. rear Sixth— Frc>nt mem for
couple; foldin? bed: lar^e clwet: HsM hous«-.
keeping;: $t per week; quiet. re»pectabi»
house; no sign.
OAK. 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping: $3
to $'.2; tras range; hot hat ft: adults.
O'FARRELJU 1395— Xlcely furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite: $10.
PEARL.. 3, corner Market — Three sunsy fur-
nished* housekeeping rooms; $1S; no children.
RAUSCH. 85. near Folsom — Alcove room ar.l
connecting kitchen complete for hskpg. ; rea*.
•SACRAMENTO. 1514 — Sunny rooms: n»atlv
furnished; suite or single; light housekeep-
Inc If desired.
STOCKTON. N. W. cor. Filbert— 2 nicely fur- •
nlshed sunny housekeeping rooms.
TATLOR. 911— Furn. suite; folding bed. iras
range. $12; 1 room, sunny, gaa ran?*. $7 50.
TENTH. l!te — Two sunny eotmectlns; rooms,
newly furnished for housekeeping; gas range.
running water.
'WEBSTER. 1220 — 3 or A rooms complete for
housekeeping: phone and bath.
BOOKS TO LZT — ram. and TJnfum.
ATKINS. caV. Third st. and Park lane— N»'»
brick building; all snnny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only flrst-claas, bous*
In locality; rooms SI SO week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 11.9 Sixth st.— Room"
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week an 1
litrht housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.>— Rooms. 25c. 50c. 91. *1 50 night;
fl 50 to $10 week; bouse open all night.
BEL.MOND House: over Owl dru? store: 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market aad 21 Turk— Electrics
lights; running water In every room; 20i>
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA, 1247— Suite of rooms; piano.
grate and bath; light breakfast without
charge.
FIFTH. 827 — Nicely furnished front rocm.
FILLMORE. 319. near Page— Nte» front
room; $1 50.
FILLMORE. 2.117 — 2 cr 3 nic* newly carpeted
rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 3Xs
to $1 25 night; SI 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 357— Newly furnish*.*
sunny front suites, also single, $- up; bath,
hot and cold water.
HARRISON, 1410. bet. 20th and 21st— Furnish-
ed front itom, suitable for 2 men; rent $5.
HOWARD. '640 — Sunny front room, grate.
|2 25 wrek.
HOWARD. T15 — Furnished rooms, slngl* or
dcuble: central location.
HOWARD. $0.1, cor. Fourth — 6 newly furnish-1
rooms. 5 rented. $1S5.
HOWARD 737^4 — Rooms large an<J sunny, to
let.
HOWARD. 1 60S— Neatly furnished rooma for
housekeeping; also single room.
LAGCNA. 1507. cor. Geary — Cozy 3-room »uit»:
newly furn.; new flat; private: reasonable.
MASON, 1527 — Furnished rooms; private: with
or without or without bath: references.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to |7 w<e»k: batha; elevator: also .V<; s.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st. — V<<i
fingle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to $S per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
tha: has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells. «team heat
In every room and gives free batha and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
ROOMS FOR RENT.
The Pacific Coast Room Renting Avency ha*
opened offices at 289 Post st. If you want a
room, suite of roams or fiat call and sea u«.
We can furnish you furnished or unfurnished
rooms and save you time, trouble and money.
Full dscrlptton, prices, etc., phone John 85S1.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to 91 50; week. 12
to 99; month. 93 to 930; elevator on ground
f.oor; rooma with hot and cold water; Daths.
SACRAMENTO, 13S3— Nice furnished sunny
parlor to let; new, modern flat; 2 gentlemen.
SLITTER, 703 (San Re mo) — Large sunny fur-
nished rooms, sing!* and en suite.
THB ST. KA.XHRTN CORNER ELLIS AJTD
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THB
. SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NTW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS TELEPHONE SERV
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL. HOURS; ROOMS FROM 93 WEEK. .
THE LAUNSTON. 110 Eddy— Best regular and
transient house in city; 50c and 91.
TURK, 123 — Clean, sunny furnished rooms,
with board; suit* or single; housekeeping;
f5 up. \
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 4O>
rooms 35c to 91 night. 91 75 to 90 w«ek; elec-
tric lights (no gas), rur.nin? water la every
room; elevator.read. -room; fr*« bus; baggag*.
VEXLOME. 1104 Market— Fura. rooms suit*
cr single; suites 95 week us. 15 Turk.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
• Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 CO nightly: 92 to 98 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baga;3g*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha*
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. in.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Chnrch.
ROOMS A2TD BOARD.
H^TElT^l7A^XoNT^oT*^eary^at.-^ XjTrgV.
| sunny rooms, board; suite*, with board for 2.
950 mo.; single, with board. V-5 up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Best rooma, table and **r^
vie* In tha city for th* least money.
ELLIS, 453 — Splendid single rooms with best
of French table board; reasonable.
GEARY. "CA — Board and room In a nrlvat*
family; reasonable: also rooms.
HARRISON. 570 — Large sunny front room:
■ water; parlor, piano, bath; with- without brd.
LARGE, beautiful, sunny, double rooms, with
board; reaa.; run. water. 3C«J Leaven worth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Th* Weekly Call.
lg pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 91 per rear .
ItSOAI. 3TOTICSS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Dec. 15. 1904.— T»
' whom it may concern: Be it hereby know a
{that the copartnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O"HAKA and F. J. MONA-
HAN. under the firm name of MONAHAX.
O>HARA & CO.. is hereby dissolved. Tb*
said V. 3. O'HARA withdrawinz from th»
• said concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL J. OHARA. F. J. MONAHAX.
TTTPEWBTTSHS AOT^ STTPPXJES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. t
Pr-.ith Premier. 923: other typewriters at
higher and lcw«r prices: rentals 92 50. Th*
Typewriter Exchange, ".6 California st.
STK-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Lcspec. Co.. 808 Market.
For Additional Classified Advertise.
nients See Page 14,
1314
DlVLUEIfD STOTZCES.
DIVIDEND notice^ — Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery St.. corner of Sutter, ha«
decl.-u-ed a dividend for the term ending-
December 31. 1-J04. at th« rate of throe and
one-quarter (S'i) per cent per annum on all
«Iepo«its, free of taxes and ;»ayable on and
after Januaiy 2. 1906. CYRUS W. CAR-
MAXY. Cashier.
THE regular monthly dividend of 6 cents per
share on the preferred stock of the United
Milk Company Is now payable at the office
of t*e company at 524 Montgomery »t.
DIVIDEND Nonce — s-an Francisco and Subur-
ban Home Building Society. 5th floor. Mutual
Savin** Bank buadtnic. 70S Market St.. op-
j.fsitt Third et. — For the hail-year ending
December SI, 1904, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rait per annum cf ten (10) ptr
cent on capital stock and participating cer-.
tlficates, tree from taxes, payable on and
after Monday. January 2. 1905.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
J. M. DUKE. Secretary. !
DIVIDEND Notice — California Safe Deposit
and Trust Coiapany, corner California and
Montgomery et&. — For the six months ending
December 31, 1904. dividends have been de-
clared on the Uepctirs in the savings depart-
ment of this company as fo'lows: On term
deposits, a: the rat* cf 3 S-10 per cent per
afcnuni. and en ordinary fiepciits at the rate
cf Z \>tt cp nt t*t annum, free of taxes, and
lUivcblf en ar.d afttr Tuesday. January- 3,
I»05. J. DALZELL BROWN, Manager.
DIVIDEND notice — Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery ets. —
For the half year ending with December SI,
I'jiA. a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three and one-quarter (3^i) per cent
per annum on ail deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Tuesday, January 3, 1905.
Deposits bear interest from date received.
FREDERICK II.. CLARK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — San Francisco Saving*
Union. C32 California ul.. cor. Webb— For the
half-year eud'.ne with the 31et of December,
:■ f -i. a dividend has been declared, at the
rate i»r annum of three and one-half (o 1 ?)
I*r cent on term deposits, and three (3) per
(«it ca ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday, January 3,
BOB. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
Ean Francisco. 710 Market ft. — For the half-
year ending December 31, 1904. a dividend
has been declared at the rate of three and
one-quarter (3VJ) per cent per annum on all
depoptt*. free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3. 1905. GEORGE A.
BTORY. cashier.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion cf 301 California st., San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for the six months
ending L»ecember 31, 1W04. of 5 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits; 6 per cent on
term der>OFits and 7 j>er cent on class "F"
Installment stock. DR. WASHINGTON
Dodge, president; WM. CORBIN. secretary.
FRENCH • Savinss Bank— For the six months
ending Dwember 31, 1904, a di\-ldend has
betn declared at the rate of three and one-
quarter (3',4) r*r cent p«r annum on all t>-
poslts. free of taxe*. payable on or after
January 3. 1305. LEON BOCQUERAZ, sec-
retary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savirgs and
Loan Society. C28 California* «»t. — For the
half-year e.ndinr December 31, 1904, a divi-
dend haa been declared at the rate of three
and one-quarter (3^) per cent per annum
on all dep<*»!t*. free of taxes, payable on
and after Tuefdav. January 3, 1905.
GEOROK TOUP-NY. Secretary.
SEWIKG BIACSIKES A2TD SUPPLIES.
IF you buy a White for a Christmas rift you
make no mistake: you not only get the best
*« wlr.tr machine on earth, but also a beauti-
ful "and useful Christmas present. White
Co.*« office, ai5 Market 6t.
ALL makes: 2d hand. $2, $5. $7. $9; new.$4, $S;
drop heads. 5 drawer, golden oak. $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S, M. Co. 145 Sixth ft.; tel Jessie 37i*6.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 -Market st., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5, $S; slightly
used $10. fl5 $20: you know where the dolls
frw'.cg in the wlnocw. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
U-ed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1815 Mission St.
STORAGE AND WAS£HOT7SES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnitureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped.' 725- j
731 Howard et.. nr. Third; phone Grant 16L !
CAPITAL, Van and Storage Co. 3 Eddy etTj :
phone Mint 2941: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.; '
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored. |
PIERCE -RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of- '■
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 57L !
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com- i
paay. 2320 Fillmcre st.; phone Jackson 2SL j
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery [
fct.; tcl. Main 1SJ0. Shipping at cut rates. ■
stop sszzrsnrcr. j
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c! tablet fornv j
mailed in plain package; has cured thou- j
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg., S.F. j
PtTECHASIKG AGEITCIES.
CLARA E JCWETT, purchasing agent; coun- j
try crders a specialty ; correspondence solicit- '
•d. 305 Larkin st.. room 43; tel. South 319. ■
PS0P0SAL3.
PROPOSALS for pipe and fittings — Office De- ''
poi <Vuarterm*i£ter. 30 N«w Montgomery st
Baa Francisco. Cal.. Dec. 20. 1904 — Sealed '
VroixisalE. in lr:i>licat-, subject to usual con- '■
Citions, will be received here until 10 o'clock !
a. m.. Pacific standard time. Friday. Dec. 30 ;
1904, and then opened, for furnishing pips :
and fittings for Camp Stotsenburg. P. I.,-
United States reserves right to accept or rel ■
Ject any or all proposals or any part thereof- <
further information furnished on application-
envelopes containing proposals to be marked
"Proposals for Pipe. etc.. No. 10047" and '
addressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL, Q. M., '
U. S. A , Depot Quartermaster.
STTJTTEEIKG A2n> STASESCEZlXXOr. |
EXPANSION* OF MELBOURNE" SCHOOLS^ '
Downtown. ES1 Franklin, near McAllister. 8
to 12. Open-air pchocl, S10 Diamond bt. ; teL
Capp fjl'o: 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either. !
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ;
Marriage licenses were Itimi^i yesterday an >
follows: t .
Charles P.' Snyder. 30, Angels Camp, and !
Mery A. Treat, 24. San Andreas. i
Peter Urohl. 3:t. sn Kearny street, and i
ltittie Giles. 32. S24 Kearny rtreet. !
I^eonce GrothwMi, 21. IKir, j;iiis street, and !
!».•■•« A. Fisher. IS. KilO Washington street. f
William J. Mi-Murray. 21. 2174 Market'
llmU ar.d May E. Kennedy, "'.. r.»O4 Market. I
Pitrre i«essal'.»\ 25. 1(XX» I'cint Lobes avenue, !
snd Marie Luquet. SO. 11C1% Pacific street.
Jarr.ec L. Gill. 21, 4*.-l8 Twentieth street, and
Jcanie M. Kelson, 21, 11 Henrietta square.
John M. Hootch. 44, Gilroy, and Minnie L. i
Fchroeder. SO. Oleta. '
Pietro RinalSi. 25. .115 Potrcro avenue, and
rilon-.ena Kp.la. 21, 315 Potrcro avenue.
Herburt J. Hirains, 42. city, and Elizabeth
J. Cttrrtc. ::i. Oakland. :
Herman A. S|:r,tn, 21. 2-~O Fifteenth avenue,
.'•nd Susi" Boon*-. *J2. 1:30 fifteenth avenue.
John M. Hnl-nan. 2J. 5CS Ellis street, and
'Mat C. Wardle, is.
llon« A. K. Me Her. 4f, riKW Suiter street,
Mir.:iir E. Piuir.rr.er. 4«. itfXXJ Suttbr street I
I'lias Ellison. 25, 3 Rimutson jilacc. and
Catherine Finaerty, 21, 154*4 Clara etreet.
Gienford F. York. 2K. ]<j<a»i Broadway and
Marie T. Wilkinson. 24. 14 Auburn street.
Chart** C. Crocker. 40, Belvidere. N. J..
and I -.-is* Reed, :!2. Oakland.
<:harles J. Well*. 2S. 11120 Market street, and
I,'zr.!e fctriwa, is. i»2(i Market street.
Marriif W. Frederick. 21, 13» Pom street
srrt Pauline A. Mci^urd;-. ts. Rio Vista.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
• Birth, marriage and death notices sent by '
mail will not be inserted. They iaus>t be handed '
i:i at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of ner-
»in» authorized to have the same published. :
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
frre of chante.
MARRIED.
ULLIS— HAYBURX— In this city. December
I*\ I9O4. by the Rev. Fr. Stokes, Leroy L..
TCI!is end Ella C Hayburn. both of San
i'raiu-itsco.
DIED.
A herd, William. jKcXeil, Maria— ©
Botren. Alfred— S!». Mollestad. Jorgen— 40
Hrown. Lily B.— 14. Moore. Margaret— 65.
'"on way. Patrick — 00. I Morris r»'rncy A. — G5.
Cfx,Y, Wtllinm— 29. ( Murray. Mary— 47.
C*»rooran. Mary — 75. jNordlund. Oline— 65
Cunningham, ICate. jNyholm, John — 66.
l>oy«e. Lincoln A. — 9. iO' Connor. Catherine.
«>rasell, Walter — 15. jQufn, Charles. ■
Iseonhardt. Helen — 7 j Rothganrer, Frank.
months. jSablick. Magdalena — 55
Lesser. Irene W. — 14. jsheehan Margaret 39
Marulre, Arthur— 30. Thompson, C. H. 34.
Matlock, Allen R. — 09. Thompson. Ca.pt Wal-
McAfpe. Clark "Wm. ter J.— 52.
McOann. Catherine — 24 Thornton. Edward — 15.
DcKcnna, Th'.-a. — 32. White, Wm. E. 37. !
;.:<-)ntc!?h. Charles — 49. " I
ALVORD— ln this city. December 2L 1904,
William Alvord. a native of New York.
tt^Kuneral eervlces *>t 2 p. m. Friday De-
cember 2.-J, at Trinity Episcopal Church, cor-
Bush and Gough streets. Interment private.
EOWEN— In thl» city, .December 21. 19<M,
Alfred, beloved hatband of Amelia Ann
Outven, aad father ot Alma O. Bowea and
I Mrs. 'Fred Lahusen, a native of ?fapne«,
I Canada, aged 59 years 9 months and 23 day*.
I BROWN — In this city, December 21. 1904,
I Lily Beatrice Brown, beloved., daughter of
: Samuel T. and Lily Brown, a native of Enff-
! lend, aged 14 years 7 months and 14 days.
I CONWAT— In this city, December 21. 1904.
Patrick, beloved husband of the. late Annie
Conway, and father of Nellie, James,
Thomas and Eddie Conway, a native of
County RoBcommon. Ireland, aged 60 year*.
A member of Marble Cutters' and Finishers*
Union No. 138.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:30 i». m.. from his late resi-
dence. 1191 Howard Etreet, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 1 p. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CORCORAN— In this city. December 21, 1904,
Mary Corcoran, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, ared 75 years.
C7Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Elsrhth.
COOK— In this city, December 21. 1904,
• William Cook. a. native of San Francisco,
ased 29 years.
C7Kemains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eiehth. ■
CUNNINGHAM— In Alameda, December 20,
1904. ICate. wife of the late Lawrence Cun-
ningham, and sl9ter of Mrs. Lizzie Miller,
lire. Annie Christian and Susan and Agnes
Smith, a native of Xew Ycrk.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
♦ Friday), at 9 a. m., from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor. 7G7 Mission street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
DOYLE— In Oakland. December 20, 1904.
Lincoln A. Doyle, beloved »on of M. J. and
Emma Doyle of Berkeley, aged 9 years and
4 months.
GRASELL— In this city December 20, 1004.
Walter, beloved eon of Charles and the late
Ollio Grasell, and brother of Fred. Charles.
George and Edward Grasell, a native of
California, ased 15 years 5 months and 18
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 a. m., from the mortuary
chaptl of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LEONHARDT— In this city, December' 20,
1WO4, Helen, beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Walter H. Leonhardt. a native of San
Francisco, ared 7 months and 21 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), from the residence of
the parf-nts. 1314 Broderick street, thence to
Mount Olivet Cemetery by 11:30 a: m. train
from Third and Townsend Btreets.
LESSER— In this city. December 20, 1904,
Irene Walter Lesser, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Herman Lefser and the late Martha
Walter, and darling granddaughter of Mrs.
Cla^a Walter, a native of San Francisco,
aged 14 years 1 month and 18 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11 a. m., at the resi-
dence of Mrs. Clara Walter, 111 Sixth
avenue. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
MAGUIRE— In this city. December 21, 1904,
at his residence, 48 Bruce place, Arthur F.,
dearly beloved husband of Susie Magulrc,
and loving father of Arthur. Edna and
Robert Maguire, and son of Annie and the
late James Maguire .and brother of Robert
Maguire, Mrs. Joseph McDonald and the
late James Magulre, a native of Vallejo,
aced 30 years.
MATL.OCK— In this citv. December 21. 1904,
Allen Reeves, husband of Virginia Bell Mat-
lock, and father of W. L. Matlock and Mrs.
F. H. Corji a native of Danville, Ind., aged
50 years 9 months and 19 days. A member
of Thomas Post. G. A. R.. of Sacramento,
Cal.. and Red Bluff Lodge No. 76, I. O. O- F.
(Red Bluff and Sacramento papers please
copy. )
inyFuneral sen-ices will be held at the
chappl cf the Odd Fellows' Cemetery at 2:30
p. m. to-day.
McAFEE— In this city. December 21. 1904,
Clark William, beloved husband of Elizabeth
f'ooke McAfee, and father of Lloyd T. and
Harry C. McAfee, a native of Louisville. Ky. '
McCANN— In this city. December 21. 1904,
Catherine, beloved daughter of Patrick and I
Annie McCann. and sister of Nellie and
James McCann, a native of- County Mayo,
Ireland, aired 24 years.
IC7 Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 a. m., from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
etreet, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem
mass wUl be celebrated for the repose of her ;
soul at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem- ]
etery.
McINTOSH— In this city. December 20, \
Charles F. Mclntosh. a native of New York i
City, aged 49 years. A member of San Fran- i
Cisco Mailers" Union, No. IS. (Melbourne, j
Aus., papers please copy.)
McKENNA— In this city, December 21. 1904,
Thomas R. McKenna, beloved son of Cath-
erine G. and the late William McKenna, and
brother of William. Charles and Mary A.
McKt-nna. a native of California, aged 32
years <J months and 24 days. • j
C7 Remain* at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first. j
McNEIL — In this city. December 20, 1604,
Maria, wife of the late Peter McNeil, and
mother <,t D. J. Shine and Mrs. Mary White,
aged «a years.
CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 p. m., from the funeral '
parlor* of McGinn Bros., 224-220 McAllister J
street. Interment private, in Holy Cross I
Cemetery, by electric car leavlnjr Thirtieth I
Ftreet and San Jose avenue. Please omit
flowers.
MOLLESTAD— In thle city, December 19, 1904, I
Jcrgtn Mcllestad, brother of Andrew M. !
Mulle&tad. a native of "Sweden, aged 40 '
years.
tC?"Remains at the mortuary chapel 'of I
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 j
MUfcion etreet, near Twenty-first. /
MOORE— In Oakland. Cal.. December 20, 1904,
Margaret Moore, beloved wife of the late '
John Moore, and mother of Owen F. Moore, i
Mrs. M. A. Hogan and Mrs. John Hogan. I
a native of County Roscoromon, Ireland, aged
65 ;ears.
C^Frier.d* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day I
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from 1780 Dwin- I
elle street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, \
San Francisco, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MuliHIS— In this city. December 21, 1904,
Nancy Allen Morris, mother of Mrs. R. T.
liardins. Mrs. H. N.» Lleyd. Mrs. A. J.
Clur.ie. Ml*. Frederick Hammer and Clara,
frank. Harry. L,awrence and James Morris,
a native of New York, aged C5 years 7
months and 17 days. •
IE?" Funeral private. Please omit flowers.
MURRAY— In this city, December 21. 1904, at
her residence, 11 Minna street, Mary, dearly !
beloved wife of the late Felix Murray, and I
mother of Charles, William, Felix, James, j
Mary end lif-sile Murray, a native of
County Monagh^ti. Ireland, aged 47 years.
fCTNotice of funeral hereatter.
NORDLUND — In this city, December 20, 1904,
Oline, beloved wife of Guldbrand J. Nord- '
lund. a native of Norway, aged C5 years and I
1 month. i
CFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend th» tuneral to-day (Thursday), at
10:30 a. in., at the parlors of Craig, Cochran !
6 Co., 429 Golden Gate avenue, between Polk i
and La; kin streets. Interment Cypress Lawn '
CVmetery. Remains at her late residence, I
5-JO Sixth street, until 0:30. Thursday, De-
cember 22.
NYliOLM— In this city, December 21, 1904,
John Nyholm, a native of Bornholm, Den-
mark, aged Ofi years.
O'CONNOR — An anniversary high mass will be
celebrated this morning (Thursday), at 8:30,
Icr the reiose of the bouI of the late
Catherine O'Connor, at St. Charles Church,
♦ ointv Eighteenth and Shotwell streets.
Friend* are respectfully Invited to be present.
QUIN— In San Jose, December 17. 1904,
Charles H. Quid, a native ot Sacramento,
Cal.
ROTHGANGER— At Mentcne, December 21.
HH>4. Frank Rothganger. beloved husband of
Mamie Rothganger, and father of Gladys
and Francis Rothganger.
iC?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
SAHLICK— In this city. December 21, 1904,
Magdaltnai beloved wife of . Professor
Achilles G. Sablick, a native of Saxony,
Germany, ated 55 years.
EHEEHAN— ln this city, December 20 1904
Margaret, beloved -wife of Daniel Sheehan'
mother of Margaret, John, Daniel Mary
Edward and Joseph Sheehan, daughter of
Bridget and the late John Coitello, and bU-
ter of Catherine Costello and Mrs Joseph
McTigue. a native of Looievllle. , Ky. ased
39 years and 11 months.
EVFriends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully/ invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday) at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 64 Duboce avenue, thence to St
Jo^ph s Church, where services will bo
Ccmefery! Intcrment H °»y Crow
THOMPSON— In the City and County Hospital
December 21 1904, Christian H. Thompson!
a native of Germany. a 2 ed 34 years
THOMPSON-In this city, December 20 1904
Captain Walter J.. beloved husband or
"^"U- 1 !; Th ? mp90n - and '"her. of Laura
and Walter- J. Thompson and Mrs F E
KuW and the late George A. Thompson a
native of Glasgow. Scotland, aged Ui years
7 months and 20 days. (Glasgow and Dublin
papers i>lea«e coDy.) °"°
■ CTFrienda and acquaintances are resr>ert-
fully invited to attend the runeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late resl-
James McGinn..-- Henry Hanaen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.*^
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
—Funeral Directors and/ Embalmera
214 Eddy »t. Tel. lEatt Ha
Tel. Mission; 31. . '
F. J. M0NAHAN
FUNERAL DIRECTOR AND . EMBALMER,
£339-2311 Mission St.. near Nineteenth, -
* ban Francisco.
:THE:SANFRANGISGQ-CALL >t \THURSr3AY; DECEMBER 22, 1904.
dence, 1625 Turk street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will b* celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing; at 9 o'clock a. m. - Interment
Et. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
THORNTON— In thi* city, December 20. 1904,
Edward Joseph, only son of Thomas and tne
late Mary Thornton, and nephew of Mrs.
Charles Welch and Mrs. Frank McLau&hlln,
a native ofi Vallejo, Cal.. asred 15 years 8
months and' 22 days.
WHITE— In the City and County Hospital,
December 21, 1904. William K./' White, a na-
tive of .England, ~aged 37 years.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary McNamara to Gustavo and Louise
Leger. lot on NW corner of Hermann and
Webster streets, N 24 by W 81:3; $10.
Willis E; and'EUse K. Davis to Elise A.
Drexler. lot on SE corner of Filbert and Scott
streets. E 126:9 by S 137:6; $10.
John W. and Louisa F. Valentine to Walter
B. Cope, lot on N line of Union street, 70 W of
Scott. W 34 ;6 by N 137:6; $10.
Walter B."' Cope to Asenath H. Cope, same;
gift.
Thomas Hancock to William H. Mathers, lot
on S line of Haight street. 100 W of Masonic
avenue. W 53:144 by S 137:0; $10.
Mrs. H. Cleland to Emma J. Mathews, lot
on E lino of Clayton street, 37:6 S of Page, S
25 by E 112:0, quitclaim deed; $10.
Emma J. Mathews to William H. and An
nie K. Lambert, same; $10.
George W. and Ella Kline to William G.
Pennycook and Stillman K. Brown lot on N
lino of Waller street, 145 E of Clayton. E 25 by
N 137:6; $10.
William and Octavia T. Frank to Emily Mll
covlch, lot on W line of Stelner street, 54:3 S
of Geary, S 22 by W S3; $10.
George H. and Annie E. Blucber to Christian
Hanson, lot on E line of Elgin Park, 275 N of
Ridley. N 25 by E 76; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to James
Beyle, lot on E line of Capp street, 169 S of
Twenty-fourth. S 26 by E 115; $-* — . .
S. T. and Rettlshia F. Dlsimone to August
CzlpowEkl, same; $10.
Martin L. and Emily" Milcovlch to William
Frank, lot on N line of Twenty-eighth street,
228 :S E of Sanchez, E 26:8 by N 114; $10.
Angelette J. Breck to B. F. Brisac and Maud
H. Norton, lot on N line of Clay street, 178:7
K of Drumm, E 0:3 by N CO, quitclaim deed;
$10.
Same to same. lot on N line of Cl'-ijr street,
137:10 E of Drumm E 40:9, N 60, W 0:1, N
55, W 41. S 65, E 0:4, S 60; $10.
Lulu and Harry Schwartz to Dorothy F.
Malta, lot on W lino of Jolco etreet, 115:6 N
of Pine N 22 by W 77; 510. .
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin an-J Emma Liv
ingston to George Brown Estate Company Ut
on N line of North Point street, 137:6 W of
Mason. \V 45:10 by N 137:6, quit :lui<n di-»d;
$10
Virginia and William K. ,Vanderbllt Jr.\ to
Emma Umbsen, lot on S line of Turk street,
187:6 W of Taylor, W 87:6 by S 137:6; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters to Henry Goet
jen and George L. Euhr, lot on NW line of
Minna street, 250 SW of Seventh, SW 25 by
NW "-. $10.
Augustus Unverzagt to Paul Blum, lot on
NW line of Natoma. street, 100 SW of Eighth,
SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Kate
A. Hanlan (wife of Welsh. A.). lot on E line
of Utah street, 150 S of Mariposa, S 32:6 by
E 100: $J0. \
Welsh A. Hanlan to Kate A. Hanlan, same;
gift.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Wil
liam O. and Marie L. M. Zahn, lot on E line
of Arkansas street, 172:6 N of Eighteenth, N
25 hy E 100; $10.
Charles J. and Catherine Tracey to George
H. Firestine. lot on E line of Sixteenth ave
nue. 284:7 N of Clement, N 25. E 117:1%,
SW 8U:10. W 96:5: $10.
Hanora McGlynn to John T., --Mary E. T.
and Annie E. McGlynn lot oh E line of Third
avenue. 170 S of California atreet, S 25 by
E 120; cift.
Frank Multner to August A. Loeber. lot on
E line of Eleventh avenue, 325 N of Point
Lobos. N 25 by E 120; $100.
Franklin W. dough to John F. dough, lot
on N line of B street, 105 W of Forty-third
avenue. W 55 by N 160; gift.
John Battles Jr. to John M. Field, lot on
E line of Eighteenth avenue, 310:0 N fo C
street, N 25 by 120; $200. *
Robert T. Iberson to Kate Fox, lot on N line
of C street, 106:6 E of Ninth avenue, E 36 by
N 120: $10.
Ella H. and William F. Ayres to Albert Wil
ford, lot on E line of Seventh avenue, 210
N of Fulton street, N 25 by E 120; $1200.
Andrew L. and Ariadne Edwards to Mary
Callaghan, lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 250
S of M street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
William and Jean Lyons to Samuel S. Gilles
pie, lot on .W line of Tenth avenue, 200 S
of O etreet, S 60 by W 120; $10.
Emma Clarke fv.-lfe of Caleton J.) to Fred
and Llllle A. Almond lot 'on NW line of
Preclta avenue at division line Precita Valley
lots 02 and 03, NE 55:0% by NW 150; $10.
Estate Serina (or Serena) Kragmore (by
John Farnum, administrator) to Thomas A.
Wallace, lots 10 and 13, block 28, Sunnyslde;
$165.
Albert C. Alkee to Morris and Mahle Sll
•verstein, lot on W llr.e of Williams street, 100
S of Felton, S 75 by W 120, lots 10 to 12,
block 2tf, Kallroad avenue Homestead quit
claim deed: $15.
Hanora McGlynn to Mary E. T. McGlynn. lot
400, gift map 3; gift.
Same to Annie E. McGlynn, lot 402, same;
Klft.
Same to John T. McGlynn, lot 398, same;
gift.
Estate of Ann Holehan (by Patrick Holehan.
administrator) to Hannah A. Ford, lot on N
line of Grove street. 150 E of Buchanan, E
25 by N 08:9: also lot on S line of Ed*dy
street. 187:6 E of Scott, E 25 by S 137:6:
$3250.
Augustus Brings to McEwen Bros., lot on
W line ©f Laguna street 60 N of Lombard,
N 30 by W 110; $10.
Charles J. U. and Emllle ; Koenig to James
T. Donahue, lot on S line of Bush street. 160
W of Steiner. W 26 by S 137:6; $10.
Estate of Patrick McDermott (by » J. A.
Drinkhouse, administrator) to William H. Me
dina, lot on W line of Williamson street 481:7
N of Point Ix)bos avenue, N 25 W 118. S
12:7, S 12:0. B 120; $632. - '
Sarah L. Guterson to William J. and Mary
Bannan, lot on E line of Bartlett street 27*5
S of Twenty-fifth. S 50 by E 117:6; $10. '
Estate of William H. Teigler or Tiegeler (by
Frederick Boese. executor) to Thomas K. Roth
enberger. lot on E line of Dolores street 70:6
N of Valley. N 25 by E 100; $3300.
Marie Telgeler or Tiegeler to same same:
$10.
John P. and Helen S. Fraser to Frank and
Evangeline Happersberger, lot on N line of
Thirtieth Rtreet. 155 W of Sanchez, W 25 by
N 114; $10.
Same to Addle L. Ballou lot on N line of
Thirtieth street, 130 W of Sanchez, W 25 by
N 114: $10.
Jefferson D. Floyd to Irene M. Floyd, lot
on S line of Jersey street. 150 E of Noe, B
25 by S 114; $5.
B. F. Brisac and Maude H. Norton (and as
trustees of tha o6tate of Mary A. Henarie) to
Brltton & Rey Company, lot on N line of
Sacramento etreet, 110 E of Montgomery E
25 by N CO; $10.
Joaepha Martens to John L. Tl«rney. lot on
W line ol Seventeenth avenue, 150 N of Lake
street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to Charlotte A. Curtis lot on W line
of Seventeenth avenue. 17B N of Lake street.
N 155. NW 33, SW 87, S 52:6, D 120; $10.
Clara K. Sutro to City* Realty Company lot
on 8 line of H Ftreet. 30 E of Fourth avenue.
E 2:0 by S 95; $10.
Adolph and Geisene Meyer to Humphrey \¥
and Annie M. Lynch, lot on W line of Elev
enth avenue, S00 N of California street. N 25
by W 120; $10. !
F. W. and May E. Bridge to Kate A. Pohll.
lot on E line of Twenty-eeventh avenue, 125
N of California street, N 25 by B 120; $10.
Victor and Florence Williams to Alfred T.
Morris, lot on E line of Seventh avenue, 175
N of Point Lobos avpnue, N 25 by E 120 - $.10
William and Sarah J. McCall to Leo'n f!
Goodman, lot on SE corner of Twenty-seventh
avenue and Clement street, S 100 by E 60- $10
Ceoree W. or G. W. and Clara N. Luce to
Albert- Meyer, lot on NE corner of Forty-sixth
avenue and A street. E 50 by N 120- $10
Helen L. and C. M. Gerrlsh. Frank F. and
Louise E. Garcia to D. F. and J. B. Murphy
lot on SW corner of Thirty-third Avenue and
B street. W 240 by S 100; $10. ~
George S., William H.. Grace M.. Samuel M.
and William H. Crim Jr. to Oscar R. McGee
and William *N. Canfield, lot on W line of
Twelfth avenue. 275 N of J street, 25 by
W - I «-'' l H * •''„
F. J. and Martha E. Klerce to Theresa G
Hogan, lot on .W line of Forty-fourth avenue
100 N of L street, N 25 by W 12O; also lot on
E line of Forty-fifth avenue, 105 N of L street
N 25 by E 120: $10. , '
Flora W. Andrce to Jamaa A. Andres, lot
on K line of Forty-second avenue, 225 S of S
street. S 25 by E 120; gift. i
Jcseph Fltzell to Joseph H. Fitzell. undivid
ed one-half of lot on E line of Forty-fifth
avenue, 150 S of W street. E 120 S 53 NW
12f>. N 51:6; ?10.
Minnie Luhrmann to Irene Howard, lot on
NE corner of FaJrmount and Palmer streets,
Ti 82. N 76, W 112:2. S 70. lots 1 and 2. block
19, Fairmount: also- lot on SE corner of Twen
ty-sixth and Sanchez streets, --S 57 by E 80"
Rlso lot on S line of Ranker street. 139 E of
Palmer. E 50 by 8-125. block 13, Fairmounf
also lot on NW corner of Randall and Chenery
streets. W 50 by N 100. block 28. same; also
lot on N lino of Randall RtreM. ,50 Wot Chen
«ry. N 100 by W 5f>. block 28. same: alto lota
147 to 159, Spring Valley Homestead; also lot
on S line of Randall str»*t, 195 W of Chenery
W 25 by S 125. block 19. Fairmount: also all
Interest in estate of Sophie Luhrmann, "80 815
$10.
John - and Grace E. Turner to Nicholas D
Barry, lot on S line of Fairmount street 190-6
E of Palmer. E 25 by S 126, block 15," Fair
mount; $10. • --.-;.
Frans O. and Ida C. Malmqulst to.Domin-
Jque Polldori, lot on SW corner of Sixteenth
and C,astro streets. .Bt 27. W 6.V S 3 W .15
N 30. E 100, lot 1. block 14 : Flint Tract; $10 -
Arthur and Fredrlka M. Brchant! to Annette
Glover (wife of Frederick . HO. - lot on 'SW.. line
of Allison etreet, -150 >SE- of Cross- RE "60 by
SW 120, lot 73' Bernal Homestead 1 $U>
Harry and Susan Witt* to Ralph Flshbourne
lot 31. f Gift Map 1 : $400. " TOU ™ e -.
Herbert W. and Garfleld R. v Cousins to Anna
8. Olson (wife of John A.), lot 004,: Qlft Map
• William F. \ Powell - to 8. Ducas - Company
lot on E line of LouiBber* street. 151:8 s ©f
Mount Vernon. 8 98:6 by E 100, block C,
Lakevlew; $10. ■'"-.•
" Estate of Fannie P Farnsworth (by 1 Lotta.
P. Farnsworth. executrix) to Benjamin w.
Burridge, lot 27 block D Sunset Heights : $625.
Lotta P. Farnsworth to same, same; $525.
_ S. Ducaa Company to Abraham and Charles
Rosenstein. lot on E lin« of Chenery street,
66 S of Randall S 25 B 116 N 25, W 108,
block 18, Fairmount; $10
Abraham and Charles Rosenstein to Jacob
Hey man Company same- also lot on STC cor
ner of Way land and Gira'rd streets, SE 100 by
NE 45.. block. 6, University "Mound; also lot on
SH line of Wayland street. 70 E of Glrard, NE
60 by SE 100. block 6. same: $10.
Harry and Sufean Witts to Ralph Flshbourne.
lot 29. Gift Map 1; $400.
Same to same, lot B0. same; $400.
Builders' Contracts.
Maria Elsert (owner) with F. A. Keen (con
tractor) — - architect — Alterations and addi
tions for reconstruction of building on NW
corner of Jackson and Leavenworth streets;
$5000. i
. J. P. Callaehan (owner) with W. E» Grant
(contractor), architect — All work for a
three-story frame building (three flats) on N
line of Filbert street 165 E of Webster. E
30 by_N 120; $6800. '
Theresa A. Oelricha (owner) with Duffy
Bros, (contractor), architects Reid Bros. —
Plumbing as cas fittlne for Fairmont Hotel,
building on W line of Mason street, N Sacra
mento, E by Powell and S by California;
$110, 000.
A. Burkhart (owner) with Ludwlg B. G.
Koenip (contractor) architect Thco. W. Len
zen — All work for a two-fetcry and attic frame
building on E line of Belvedere street, 100 N
of Walller, 25x12.1:51/4; $-1450.
Annie Martin (owner) with J. V. Campbell
(contractor). . architect — All work for. a
three-story frame building (flats) on SE corner
of Broderick and Hayes streets, E 31:3 by S
100; |15,555.
Joseph A. Schuler (owner) with William
Linden (contractor), architects Copeland &
Peirce — All work for a two-story frame, build
ing on lot on E lin* of Buchanan street, S6 S
of Turk, S 64 by E 55; $7895.
Cella Marks (owner) with E. T. Letter (con
tractor), architect Edgar A. Mathews — All
work for a two-story frame building (two
flats) on lot on N line of Jackson street, 65 E
of Walnut. N 127:8Vi by E 27:6; "510,015.
O. F. Von Rhein (owner) with C. H. Hock
(contractor), architect C. A. , Meussdorfter —
Excavation, concrete, cement, brick, granite
and sandstone work for a seven-story and
basement brick building on lot on N line of
Turk street, 248 W of Taylor, W 27 :6 by N
137:0; 515,650.
Same owner xvlth O. A. Craemer (contrac
tor), architect same — Carpenter and mill work,
lathing and plastering, hardware, composition
roofins. glazing, marble and tiling work for
same en same; ?17,220.
Alameda County.
B. Q. and Mabel E. Burge (wife) to Charles
E. Bourden, lot on S line of Santa Fe avenue.
351.15 W of San Pablo avenue, W 30 by S
106.62. lot 63, map 2, William M. Butters
Tract, Oakland; $10.
• John and Annie P. Colgctt (wife) to Martha
HufTord (single), lot on W line of Union street.
60 S of Thirtieth, S 50 by W 115 being S
one-half of lot 7, block I. Iand3 of Peralta
Homestead Association, Oakland; $10.
James" Warren to Grace S. Warren (wife),
lot on N line of Elm street, 151:3 — from W
line of Broadway, E 15 by N 119, being B 15
feet of lot 10, Webster Homestead, Oakland;
also lot on N line of Kim street, 176:3 W of
Broadway, E 25 by N 110, being W 25 feet of
lot 16, same, Oakland; gift.
Charles and Lulu Scott (wife) to Capital'
National Bank of Salem, Or. (corporation),
lot on E corner of Prospect street and King
avenue. SE 75 by NE 140, lot 5 and portion of
lot 4, block 6. map East Oakland Heights,
warranty deed. East Oakland; $1500.
George D. Metcalf et al. to David E. Collins
(assignee under certiflcatu of salo of Robert
W. Cryan). lot on NE corner of Dwljjn: way
and Shattuck avenue (as same existed prior to
January 18. 1802), E 122, N 90, W 123. S 90. E
5 to beginning, portion lots 1 and 2, block 3,
property Ootlege Homestead Association, Berke.
ley; *10,138.
Marie N. and Joseph J. Besslng. (husband) to
Wilheim and Dorothea Flatow, lots 5 and 6,
block 63, property Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, tract B, Berkeley;
$10.
Guy H. and Cora Mott Chick to Peter Mad
sen, lot on W line of D*akln street. 45 f» of
Prince. S 90 by W 100, portion lots 10 and 11,
block C. map of part of Woolsey Tract. Berke
ley: $10.
William F. Sawyer (and as trustee under
deed of trust by W. R. P. Wlrthle, November
21, 1104) to Emma Michalttschke. lets 20 and
21 Hastings Tract, Alameda; $10.
L»:ih I*. Mctt (single) to Annie, Lnutee and
S".'«une Kliitv.-orth lot on E line of Ohe&tnut
street. S3:>> N of Clinton avenue, N 34 by E
100. portion lets 1 and 2. block N, lunJi adja
crnt «.i Kncinal, Alameda; $10.
Sarah A. McKee (widow, by S. B. McKee,
attorney) to Joseph T. Hlnch. W 35 feet of
lot 13. block 2, all lot 14, block 5, map Santa
Fe Tract No. 5, Oakland, deed and agree
ment; $10.
Joseph T. and Paulina Hinch to Emma
Stockton (single), lot on SW line of Hamilton
place, 285.35 NW of Oakland avenue, N W 30
by SW 00. lot 27, -Hamilton Tract. Oakland;
?10.
Florence E. and Mary C. Dunham (single).
Ruth A. Lancdon (Dunham, wife of Jesse O.)
to August Lillencrantz. lot on SW corner of
.Alice and Nineteenth (Durant) streets, S 100
by W 150, Oakland: $10.
Hamilton J. Coleman to Sarah M. Coleman
(wife), lot 24. block 2CflS, Alden Tract at
Temescal. Oakland; also lot 1, block 593, map
Market Street Tract, between Sixteenth and
Eighteenth streets, Oakland: gift.
Frank H. Graham (single) to Henry W.
Blore, lot on E line of Locksley avenue, 4-1
S of Clifton street. S 40 by E 100, portion
lots 38 and 39. Locksley Square, Oakland; $10.
Albert L. and Violet A. Krelss to same,
same deed given to correct error In description.
944 D. 3110. Oakland: $10.
Mary Clark Hoogs (widow) to William E.
Hoogs (son), lot en W line of Valley street.
163 N of Locust, N 54:6 by W 1.10, first party
directs and requests that upon distribution of
estate of William W. Hooks, deceased (pending
in Superior Court of Alameda. 950S). above
described property and all property In which
said estate has any interest b*» distributed to
said grantee herein. Oakland; $1000.
Frank H. and Ida M. Horswill to L. O.
Burpee, lot on E line of Chestnut street. 141
N of Fourteenth, N 36 by E 132. Oakland; $10.
ThA Realty Syndicate to Robinson Crowell,
lot 1C and SE f> feet of lot 15. block C,
Sather Tract. Oakland Township; $10.
Annie L. Abbott (widow) to J. G. and Anna
E. Crowley (wife), lot on S line of 'Central
avenue. 370 W of Intersection with W line
of Teutonla Park and Homestead, W 30, S
4S3.72 to N line subdivision 31 of section 10.
township 2 south, ranee 4 west. E 30, N to
b«-elnnlng, Alsmoda; $10. I
Martha Hufferd (single) to N. Knudson. lot
on W line of Union street." 30 S of Thirtieth.
S 2." by W 115. portion of lot 7. block I,
lands of Peralta Homestead Association. Oak
land: $10. . I
L. O. and Mary I. Burpee to Frank H. Hors
will. lot on E line of Chestnut street, 141 N
of West Fourteenth N 30 by E 132. block GS9,
Boardman's Map. Oakland; $10.
Emily C. and C. Gustafson to Otto H. Her
mle. lot on R line of Eighth street. 100 E of
Fallon. E 50 by S 100 block 201. Kellers
berger's Map. Oakland; $10.
Glovanl Baptlste Guldlce. administrator of
the estate of Abbie Annie Guidlce (Abble
A. Anderson), to lantha B. Good. r>7% square
feet, being rear of W half of lot 20. In plat
26. Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland Town
ship; $10. ...
Thomas Moran (single) to William F. Ma
.comber. lot on W line of Mllvla street. 65.70
8 of Cedar. S 50 by W 135. lot 2, block A,
Eureka Homestead. Berkeley; $10.
Peter Swenson (single) to J. B. Hunawill.
lot on Wllno of Ellis street, 112:10^ S of
Prince. S 37:7Vi by W 120, being S 37:7% of,
let 70. lands of Regent-street Homestead As
sociation. Berkeley; $10. i" ';•'.-'•;
Leah F: Mott (single) to Kate E. Alley
(wife of C. M.). lot on S line of San Jose
avenue, 151 :8 E of Regent street, E 33:4 by
S 78:8. portion of lot «. map of part or
Hastings, Tract. Alameda: $10. ■ _ -
• Emma C. and Peter Tellier (husband) to
Edwin and Elizabeth Johnson, lot on N line
of Fifty-fourth street (formerly Central ave
nue) 475 E of Park, E 37:6 by N 100, portion
of lots 25 and 24, block B. Parsons Golden
Gate Tract. Oakland; $10.
Mrs. J M. and J. M. Alexander and Sarah
L. Summer (widow) to Robert Whltaker. lot
on NW corner of Irvlnz and Talcott avenues,
W 43.54. N 102.17. E 36-67. S 78"0, lot 17, map
resubdlvlsion of Corley Tract. Oakland: $10.
Henry Saxtorph . to Ludovika Saxtorph
(wife), lot on W corner of Eighth avenue and
East Twentieth street. SW »0. right angl« 140,
NE 00, SE 140. block 119, Clinton, East Oak
lanVi; also lot on NW . corner of Thirty-seventh
and West street*. N 187:4, W 108:21. S to
point distant N from N line of Thirty-seventh
street 100.49, W 72.00. S 40. E 27.72. S 121.11,
E 160.28 to. beginning, block G, Major Given
Tract. Oakland; also E half of lot 1 and W
12:C of lot 8. block P, property of Central
Land Company, Oakland; gift. •
B. Q. and Mabel E. Burge (wife) to Guy W.
Monroe (single), lot on SW corner of Fairvlew
and Raymond streets, W 122.45 by S 36.80, lot
16, -Alcatrnz Tract, ■, Oakland ; $10.
San Francisco and Oakland Mutual Loan
Association (corporation) to Joseph D. Radford.
lot 13. block N. Knowles & Potter subdivision
of Kennedy Tract, East Oakland; $10/
Robert Wlntaker (single) to J. T. TSccleson.
lot on"t^ corner of Lake and / Sunnyslde ave
nues, NE 1C0, SE 49.35. SW 111.94. NW 50,
portion of lots 7 to 10, block B, Sather Tract,
Oakland Township;: $10. . r v
Same to L. N. Scammon.lot on NE line of
Sunnyslde avenue. 60 SE of Lake. SE 50, NE
10.1 87 to point distant at right angle SE from
SE line of Lake avenue 08.70 feet. NW 49.35,
SW 111.94, portion of • lots 7 to 10. block B,
same map, Oakland Township; $10. • ■ ■■ ■
Realty, . Syndicate '. (corporation) to Robert
Whltaker (sinsle). ., lot on *E' corner of Lake
and Sunnyslde avenuei, NE 120, SE 98.J0.SW
103.87, NW, 100.: portion of lots 7 to 10, block
B. same map, Oakland Township; $10.
Cheney & Berry, Warren Cheney and R. . A.
Berry to Frances J,» Johnson, ■* lot 37. block or
subdivision : 19," lots ;16 to 18, in block or nub
dlvislon 21, lots -85 and 37, ,lh block or'subdl
vlsion 20, lots 172 = to 176 and 181 to 188, in
blocks or subdivision 22, ; 23 and . 24, map re
subdlvtslon Peralta : Park, Oakland Township;
$io.- '.;:■.;■■ 'v/. .;-•.■ :,.■..■•■". i ■■- .-■•
'■■ Frances J. : Johnson K to ,Warren Cheney. ' lots
174 to . 176,'. in ! subdivision 23, ■ Peralta Park,
Oakland Tun ii'liln jiOJg rj|n<L'lirtVlf1 IttflTJllM
John U. Calkins (trustee) to Nellie May An-
NEVADA ENGINEER IiEAVES
PASSENGERS x ON THE DESERT
Proceeds Ten Miles Before Discover
ing That He Had Lost Part
of His Train.
RENO, Nev.. Dec: 21. — As the re
sult of a train of the Carson and Col
orado Railroad breaking: in two on
the desert to -day the Virginia and
truckee train was delayed several
hours and passengers bound for Cal
ifornia and other points were unable
to meet their trains in this city and
had to lie over here. The train
broke In two when in the center of
the desert and the engineer did not
discover that he had left most of the
train behind him. He was more than
ten miles away before he learned that
he had left his passengers in the des
ert. He then reversed the engine and
went back after them.
MUST MOVE SALOONS
OFF GOVERNMENT LAND
Liquor Dealers in Nevada Receive Or
der From the Authorities at
Waslilngton.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 21. — The United
States Government has issued an or
der to all saloon men in the State of
Nevada to move their saloons oft! Gov
ernment land within the next thirty
days. This order refers more partic
ularly to Hazen and Derby, where
there are a large number of saloons
and where the Government employs
hundreds of men on the great irriga
tion canals now being: constructed.
There have been at least fifteen mur
ders committed ln thevicinity of Der
by and Hazen during the year and the
county authorities have v faned to
catch t the murderers.
TEACHERS OF THE STATE
TO MEET AT GARDEN CITY
Elaborate Arrangements Are Being
Made for the Entertainment
of Uies Visitors.
SAN JOSE JDee. 21. — The thirty
eighth annual session of the Califor
nia Teachers' Association, which is to
be held in this city next week, prom
ises to be one of the most successful
and profitable in the history of the
association. The opening meeting will
be held Monda- in the Normal School
building.
The teachers of San Jose and Santa
Clara are takln~ up the matter of en
tertaining the visitors in the most en
thusiastic manner. A reception will
be given at the Hotel Vendome next
Tuesday evenin-
FALSE REPORT OF HUSBAND'S
DEATH FATAL TO HIS WIFE
Although Separated From Him for
Three Years, the Shock Kills
Her.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21. — An un
founded report of the death of her
husband, from whom she had been
separated for three years, cost the
life of Mrs. Catherine Shaffer at her
home in Union Hill, N. J.. to-day.
Shaffer had" been ill with pneu
monia, but is recovering. A child of
the couple, who lived with the
mother, was told on the street that he
was dead. She ran home with the
news. The mother became hysterical,
passed from one convulsion to an
other, and died in a few minutes.
two-thous'axd-mile pipe
line nearly completed
Will Convey Oil From Indian Terri
tory to Refineries in Long Island
City.
•NEW YORK. Dec!* 21. — Work has
begun on the last' stage of a pipe line,
which will convey oil from the fields
of Indian Territory to refineries in
Long Island City and Green Point.
Men are now preparing to lay pipes
under the East River.
The line will be 2000 miles long,
and 2000 men will watch it to detect
breaks. '*■■_
Opportunities for Dairymen.
Last year England- imported 219,000
tons of butter. The United States ex
ported about 4000 tons. These facts
leave a fair inference that England of
fers an open market for more than fifty
times as much butter as we are in the
habit of exporting. England's purchases
of this article from foreign countries
and from her colonies amount to about
$100,000,000 a year. Our export sales of
it approximate •$1,500,000. England pur
chased last year about '136,000 tons of
cheese. Our total exports were in the
vicinity of 8000 tons, worth about $2,v
250,000. Canada, whom we are prone to
regard as an economic inferior, export
ed ten times as much as we did. This
leaves a fair inference that there is in
England alone a possible market for
some $40,000,000 ' worth of cheese every
year. — New York Sun.
SAT DRUMMERS ARE EMBEZZLERS. —
A warrant was obtained from Police Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of A. G. Slm
monda on a charge of misdemeanor embezzle
ment. He wae employed as a drummer by II.
Rlnaldo & Co.. tobacco merchants, 20 Mason
street, on November 20. and started out with
twenty-two boxes of cigars and a complete
outfit valued at ?-tl. He has eent in false or
der* since and has refused to deliver over the
outfit. C. C. Vaughn, electrical novelties', 138
Ellis street, obtained a* warrant from Police
Judge Cabanl69 for the arrest of E. C Beck
with on a charge of felony embezzlement. He
employed Beckwith as a drummer recently
and started him out with an outfit valued at
$75, but has not heard from him since.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Wednesday, December 21.
fiehr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega,
Tug Columbia, Larsen. Coos Bay.
Many a girl has discovered that the
young men who pose don't always pro
pose.
* : . _: 4.
derson, lot on S line of Delaware street. €0 E
of California, E 40. S 105, "W 100. N 30, E 60.
N 75, portion lots V and -JW, in* Range 12,
Hardy Tract, Berkeley; $ 10.
< Ernest A. and' Ida Denicke (wife) to Elmer
E. Hall, lot on E line of Le Roy avenue, be
ing, lot 4. map of subdivision of lot 13, block
5, and lot 14, block G, of portion of La Loroa
Park and Wheeler, Tract, Berkeley: $1320.
i H. ' H. and Mary. E. ' Dobbins (wife) to John
E. BUelow, lot on N, line of Rose street. B3
W of Spruce,* W. 45 by N 127, portion ■ lots 28
to 30. block .20, map of property of Villa As
sociation, : etc.. Berkeley; $10. .
-William Corbln to Georgiana de Rohan Bar
onidis (widow), lots 26 to 37, block 8, map I,
M.'-'.Wentwortb Boot and 'Shoe Company's
Trp.ct, quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $1.
' Same to same, lots 4, 6, 7, 9 to 11 and 19
to 34, block 13. lots 1,' 4 to 6, 11 to 42, block
14 lots 5. 9 to 24, 27 to 30. block 15, lots 1 to
4, "6 to 47, block 16, map Home Park Tract,
etc., quitclaim deed, • Berkeley: $10. -
Same to same, lots S and 16 to 21, block 8.
I; M.-. Wentworth's Boot and Shoe Company's
Tract, Berkeley: also lots 9, 10. 40. 41 and 45.
block 28, same map, quitclaim deed, Berkeley:
$10.
FREE FREE
PLUM PUDDINGS'
— — Or— —
MINCE MEAT.
WITH;
SUNDAY CALL !
SMALL ADS.
ARMOUR
PACKING COMPANY'S
FAMOUS BRANDS.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for' Further
Particulars.
PUBLIC TENNIS COURTS
ATTRACT MANY PLAYERS
Juveniles and Ladles -Are to Meet ln
Competition ln . Golden Gate
. Park. ..
The members of the Golden Gate
Junior Tennis ciub will hold a han
dicap sftigles tournament to-day on
the park courts. /
The ladies of the Golden Gate Club
Annex will also ' hold ' a handicap,
which is scheduled for Friday. It
will be for the Cochrane cup. which
was won last time by Miss Sarita Van
Vllet. The drawings for both events
follow:
Ladles' handicap, singles— Miss Golda Meyer
(scratch) vs. Miss L. Wegener (owe 15 3-16):
Miss E. Jones (owe 15) vs. MIsa V. Beyfuss
(15); Miss V. Crocker (scratch) vs. Miss M.
Worcester (15): Miss A. Sea (15) vs. Miss D.
Weed (15): Miss S. Van VUet (owe 15 3-6) va.
Miss Mearns (scratch).
Boys' handicap, singles, preliminary round —
E. Garcia (15 3-«), a bye; W. Marcus (1-6) vs.
R. ' Smith (15 3-6) : L. Levinacn (owe 2-C) vs.
H. Levlnson (15 3-6); H. Lang (owe 2-6) va.
T. Rlordan (3-6); R. Wilder (3-6) vs. W. R.
Strachan (owe 15 2-C); Rosenshine (15 3-6) vs.
H. McLane (owe 3-0; G. Morris <5-ii) vs. H.
Garcia (15 1-6); J. Strachan (3-«>. a bye.
First round^ — L. Netter (15 1-e) vs. M. Mc-
Loufchlln (owe SO): N. Honlgsrberg (5-6) "vs. F.
Maggs (15 1-6): R. Brunn (30) vs. C. Torrey
(15 3-6); R. Regal (15 2-6) va B. Marsh
<15 3-6); V. Butler (3-6) vs. E. Gallagher (owe
? -6); K. Danann (30) vs. H. Corbly (owe 1-6):
II. Crane (15 1-6) vs. R. Van Vliet (owe 1-6):
O. Gunat (5-6) vs. J. Hammond (3-6); H.
Trevor (30) vs. V. Eaaton (5-O; H. Getz
< ow « 15 2-6) vs. S. Rosenthal (30); C. Sonn
}?£ U- 6) VB - H - Morris (owe 1-6; A. Martin
{J 5 . 2-6 vs. N. Abbot (30): E. McCarthy
(15 1-6) a bye.
Falls to Call for Patient.
John A. Smith, formerly a soldier ln
the Philippines, is a charge at the de
tention ward of the Central Emergency
Hospital. The attendants are looking
for the man who brought him there
last June. Smith arrived here on the
Sheridan June 35 from Manila, hound I
for his home In Ohio. The stranger !
notified the officials that Smith was not j
Just right and asked to have him cared '
for for a few days, when he would '
have him sent to his home. It has been |
learned that Smjth has a valuable
sugar p'.antatlon on the island, and he j
has also $250 coming to him from the j
Government. It Is thought that the
stranger might have tricked Smith !
away for the purpose of getting his
money.
WOULD SET ASIDE HEAVY
CLAIMS AGAINST SULLY
Small Creditors by This Means Hope
to Be Paid ln Full.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Application
was made to-day by small creditors, re
inforced by Edward Hawley and Frank
H. Ray, to have nearly $3,000,000 worth
of claims against Daniel J. Sully & Co.
set aside. This would permit Sully to
pay nearly 100 cents on the dollar.
Magrane Cox^ referee ln bankruptcy,
is asked to direct the trustee of the
property. David H. Miller, to have the
Cotton Exchange claims expunged and
dissolved. There are sixty-three of
these attached to the petitions, which
represent sums due to various firms as
a result of transactions in cotton.
HOSPITALS FOR LEPERS.
BUI Introduced in Congress for Two
♦ Institutions.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21.->-Repre
sentative'Hepburn of Iowa intro
duced two bills to-day, one appropri
ating $250,000 for the establishment
on some abandoned military reserva
tion in the United States a lepro
sarium for the care and treatment of
persons in the United States suffering
with leprosy;* the other appropriating
$100,000 for a leprosy hospital in the
Hawaiian Islands. Both proposed
Institutions are placed under the con
trol of the Public Health and Marine
Hospital Service.
WORK GOES TO WIDOWS.
To Be Given Contract to Make Sol-
diers* Clothes.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 21. — Secretary
Taft to-day issued an order directing
the quartermaster general to award
the making of some 55,000 pairs of
trousers for the enlisted men of the
army at the Schuylkill Arsenal, Phil
adelphia, to seamstresses In that city,
mainly the widows and orphans of
soldiers, thus settling a question raised
some time ago, so far as the present
lot is involved.
COOK BOOKS.
Owing to the unusual demand
on the part of our subscribers
for THE CALL'S Premium Cook
Book it lias been necessary to
order an additional supply.
These books are expected about
the 15th inst.. on and after
which date they will be at the
disposal of our patrons at the
very low price ot 50c.
To snbscribers receiving their
paper by mail there will be an
additional charge of 25c to pre
pay exprcssajje. We also have
on hand a few copies of "Wild
Animals I Have- Met," thor
oughly descriptive of the whole
animal kingdom, on the same
terms. Order now, as oar sup
ply is limited.
RAILWAY TRAVEI*
fff iBsSa ia
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYsi
H LEAVES OAILT /OTS:3OA.rv1 W.
WITH OmCRSAHD SLEEPERS^
iffi.iiT*iTrr r "•* •^ T ■*■* "If f "»l" r"-** 1 - ~^ ■ il
Ottter Santa T» Trains »
7:30 a. m. 1
9:30 a. m. hFor Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m. J Merced, Hanrord and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton. --
0:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyoa
' and Chicago. .
Ticket Offices-»-641 Market st. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land," Cal. ; also 27 South 1st. San Jos*.
H To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL" VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
▼la Saajallto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, daily.- at t7:03.
7:45, 8:25. 0:10. 8:50. 11:00 a. m.; 12:20. 1:« !
«: 15 4:35. 6:15, 5:50, 6:30. 7:15 10:1ft and'
11:33 p.m. ,
Arrive at San Francisco, daily, at t6-40 '
7:35 8:15, 8:50. 8:35, 10:60 a. m.; 12:10 l'so
2:55." 4:25. B:05.«3:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and 11:23
p. • m. ■
tDally except Sunday. I
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur-
days at 3:15 p. rr... and dally except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. ,—
THKOUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way aUUona.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only— For Cazadero.
•tC .
5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales, etc '4**atPMMlMB
TICKET OFFICE— €50 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, loot of Market it.
RAILWAY TRATKT*
/>3^<Trr>^\ tonrrlT»at
/Jj^^^l2J8AN FRANCI3CO.
\>|§^\/ Fimt Dim
V^V » IS (Toot ef Murker St8«» >
} i.»<tk — MAIN LINE. — tn«rr»
i 7 -00a V»c»vi:ie. Vk'iuier*. l.um»ey / bU»
< 7.0f>A nenlrln. K1mlr«ui>l Sirr»me«to.. 7.2U*
j 7J0A V»HeJo. Sap*. ■. .»i'», o,-a. Saate
> Ucsa. M»rtlre?.. Saa l:.»mon..... 6 20*
I 7 ?0a Nne*.Tr«ct. Lathrop. su»cfe:nn.... 7 20»
8 0CA6h**M RxprcM— (Via IUtU).
William*. Willow*. tKruto. Bed
Bluff. PortUnd. T.icon!*. Se*ttl« 7.50*
I I DOA D«r<».WooU!«nd. CalK^c* Landing.
MarynTllle. OroT|U« 7-50»»
: 8-30a SJArtiaez. Anttoch. ttjrroa. Tracy.
[ Stockton. Subh, Lo* Bnno*.
Mend-la. Armona. Uaaford.
VI«»IU. !»orterullle. <.?*•>
•-50A Port Costa. Madnta, Mnrced,
Frenao. Oo^Lcn .lane tlon, II »a-
ford. Vls^l!*. nalt-rsneld 4-5fl»>
1-30 a Ntlet, S.i'i Jo*e. Llrermore, F-tor'c-
ton. (T.Mllto.i). »<<n«. s,vr»:n-ata
M»ry»»!lle. Chlco. Kel muff .... 4 23»
t 30a Oakdale. 1,'h.a-n,-. .Umritown. So
nor«. Tn»lumn~ and Ansel* 4>29»
9 OP A A tUntle !'.xpro<«- O«tlca sod Rate. 5 iH»
940a Rlehmonri, kiartinet aod W*y
Button* 8 50*
1000a Tbe Overland Limited — «'*rten.
Ommh*. Chicago, DenT*r. K»a«a* ""~
I 10-OCa Vallejo 12.20*
{ 10.00a Lo» A nK«:c« Pasaenser — Port
i Coala, Marttnei. Cyroa. Tracy,
i Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Frnsno. Goshen Jan«-
tloa, Han ford. Lemoore, Ylsalta*
Bakertfleld. I^)« Anitele* 7.20*>
' 12.C0m Ray ward. Nile* and War StatloM. f 20»>
i ti-OOP Sacrament© RtTer Steamer* til. 30*
5J0»> Benlcts. Winter*. 8»cratnen»,
i TVoudland. Knight* l-amling, ■
MaryiTllle. OroTlile and way
Itatlon* 13-50*
SJPPllajwurd.Nilet aoJWay Station*.. J.SQm
IZQi* Port Coata, M* rtli.ai, ByroD.Tracy.
Lsthrop, Atock~U>n. Mode* to,
Merced, Berenda, Freauo and
Way SUtioas beyoud 1'on. Co*t* 12.28*
44J0PM»rUnez.S«nRamcn,ValleJo.Na»«,
Callatocs, Saou Rosa. ,3S*
4C0p Nllei. Tracy. Stockton 10-20*
4.JQP Hay ward. Nile*. Irflarfton, Saal t8-oOA
Jo*e. LiTertnor*.... r... 1 111.60*
f -OOP The Owl Limited— Newman. V—
Banu*. Mendoia, Fre»au. Tul*r*.
Bakerafleld. Lo* Angel**. ....... 8-50*
tSJOl> H*y ward. Mle* ana ban Jom .^— s.20.%
SXOP Wayward. Nile* aa>1 San Jom. • 30*
•JJCp Eastern Ks>>r<:w— Omatta. Chicacow
Pfcnrer. K.aa»ns City. fit. Loal*.
Virtlne/. Stockton. Sacramento
Col fax. Reno. Sparks. MasteUav
. Ocdea ...„ ?2.Sff»
f .OOP Vallejo, dally, except iJanJay .... > -y ,«.
7-OCp Vallejo. Snnilay only f *•««»•
7X0P Hichmund. San Pablo, Port Co*t*v
MarttRM *dJ Way Suttoas 11.20a
7-00»R:no faa*epser— fort Coata, B»-
nlcta. Salaun. Klrrir*. Dlxoa,
Darls. Sacramento. Sparka. Too*
pah. Kee>er and Wat Statloca... 7.541a
1-CSp Oregon M California Kxpre** — 9*«-
ramento, Maryavtlle. Raddlac,
Portland, Paget Boaad aaa KtM. 8-51»
i.lOP Bay ward. Nile* and Saa Jom (3oa>
daronly) 11-804
COAST LI N E (.Narrow «a.s«).
, (foot of Market Street.)
1.1 6a Newark. Centerrllle. Baa Jot*.
| Jfeltoa, Boalder Creek, Stau
! Crm and Way Stations .......... S Il»
: tt-1f» Newark. Centarrllle. Saa Jo*a,
New Aim »d en. Lo* Oato*.FeItoa.
fcoulder Creek, B»ata Crux and
Principal Way Station* ......... t13-53 «
J 4-ISp Newark. Baa Joae, Los Gato*...] *]§;||j
«$ 30 P Hunters' Train (Saturday only)—.
San Joae. and Way Station* CT-25*
COAST LINE <Uro«J ba»f*l.
CT* ( fiilrd itn.l lownaepd Street*.)
| 'B.IOa San Joae aaJ W«j Statloa*. 8 30»
7.00a Pan Joae and Way Stations 6-40»
• 00a New Alraaden (Taes.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
8410a The Coaster — San Joae, Ballnaa,
Saa Ardo, P*ao Boblea. 6anu
, Margariu, Sao Lai* Obi*?*,
6na<lalupe, OavloU, Santa H»p-
bara. 8aa BaenaTentnra, Mon-
UWo. Oxnard. Bvrbank. Lo*
Angeles 10-38p>
5 00a Gilroy. Holllater. CaatroTine. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf. Loia-
poc 10-30P
8.00a b»o Joae. Trea Pinos.Wataonrnia,
N Cifltolr.. bunts Crux, Paclfl«
Grore. Saltna*. San Lnl* Oblap*)
and Prlnctpa: Way Station*. ... 4-10*>
10-3CA San Joae and Way Station*... ...... 1.20»
11 JCASaa June »aa Way Sf.atloa*..^...^ 7.30e» ,
t 16p 8»n Jose and T? ay Station a 8-33*
! i CO P Del Monta Kxpreaa— SanU Clara,
; tan Joae, Wa tsonTllle. Santa
1 Crnz. Del Monte. Monteray,
: fac:flcGro»e 12.15*>
I tLCOp Los Gatoa. Wrlirht, Boulder Crfei .
, Sacta Cru*. Tla Sanu ClaraTana
: K arrow (iaufje . +10.45*
: 2 ZOp Ya'racia St.. Snutli San Francisco,
Buriiutnine. Saa Jose, Gllroj.
IIol'istiT. Tre» Pino* ..4.... 10 45a
4 30p **an Jo«e and W«y Station* t3 C0a
■♦6XCP Santa Clara, Smb Juae. Lo* Gato*.
. and priarlpsl Way dtatlon* (ex-
eept 6u;ni«T) t9-00A
I620p inn JoaenndrrtnetpnlTTayStatfoo* S§.4H»
*>-48p banaet Express. — Kedwood. Ban
Jo*e,Gi:roy.Saiina*,p**oKoble*,
San LuU Ublspo. S«nt* Barbara,
Loa Ant-i", I>einln*T. Kl Paao.
et.Lools. Xew Orleans. KewTork 9 IB*
6.4SP rajaro, WatsonTllle. C* pi tola,
e*nta Crnz. Ca»rroTtlle. Del »
Monte. Pacific t.rove 10.3C»
16-ISp *•» Mateo.Bercaror4.Belmont.Saa
Carlo*. Keitwood. Fair Uaka,
MeoloPark. Palo Alto 11MS*
6 3QpSanJone and Way Sutions. 6-39>»
I 8X0pP»1o Alto and Way Station* 10.1S»
! 11.«0p South SaaFranclaco. Ml!lt>r»e. Bar-
' iJcijiraf, San Mnt«o. Belmont.
Ean Carlo*. Redwood, Kalr Oaka,
Mcalo Park, aad t'alo AJto f&4S»
! «11I0p Kayfleld. Mountain View. Snnsf-
1 : rale, Lawrence, Sacu Clara *M
j 8«» Jo«e % t»-W*>
: A for Morniag. P fur Afluraooo.
1 SvaJaT ezcepted. t Sanday oalT
j * Saturday only. t> Monday o*£r.
: (otbM at ail *:atloas oa Sanday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. C).
Tlbnron Ferry, root ot Market Street.
SAsr rzuizrcxsco to saw bata£Zn
WEEK UAYS — «:UU, U:lH>, 11:00 a. m. ; VZ-.Ji,
3^30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra irt?
at 11:30 p. in.
Saturdays — Kxtra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. ra.
Si:XDATS— S:tiO. S:.TO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:^0, 3:30.
5.00. C:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAX? KAPAEL TO SAZT 7BAXCXSCO.
WKEK DAYS — o:C3. 7:33, 7:50. 9:20. 11:1»
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— S:0O. 9:40 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40l
4:05. 5:C5. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect J Arrtve
Ean Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. | San Fran.
1\ eeJc (. San- I Deatlna- J Sun- I Week
Day a. | days. | tlon. t day*. | Days.
7:30aJ8:COa 9:10a! S:40a>
9:30 a Icoacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a,
3:30 p I 3:30 p ' «:00 pi 6:20 9
5:10 p| 5:00 p 7:35p[
7:30 a 9:10 a! 9:40*
8:00 a Novato, 10:4i> a'10:2<^»
3:30 p 0:30 a Petalunia 6:05 p| &-.ZW9
5:10 p 3:S0p anl 7:35 pj
I 5:00 p Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a 10:4O a|10:20 »
S:0Oa Pulton. 7:35 pi 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p I
f Windsor. I
Healdsburz. 10:40 a! 10:20 %
Lytton. I
Geyservllla. 7:33p(6:20p
" I Cloverdale. |
7:30 a! 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:i0 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p) and Uklah. I 7:35 p| tir.'o j»
j ' j WllliU and "j I
7:30 a[ 8:00 a| Sherwood. | 7:35 p| 6:2O 9
7:30 al S:0Oa| ~~ / 110:40 a[10:20 a.
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Guemevllle. [ 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a) 8:00 a! Sonoma. I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
5:10 p! 5:<10p| Glen Ellen. | G:C3 p| «:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 al 10: 2n"»
S:3Q.pl 3:30 p| Sebastopol. ( 7:33 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Syrlngs and Mark West Sprint: at Lytton fop
Lytton Springs: at Oeyservllle for Skasri?*
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
, vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncsri
. Springs. Highland Springs, Kelservllle. Car!*-
; bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
1 tiprlnss and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for V lchy Springs, Saratosa Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wltt-r Springs.
Upper Lake. Porno Potter Valley. John Days.
Riverside. "»!'ly » Bucknell's. Sanhedria
HelghtJ. Hullvllle. Cut's Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkln3. Mendocino City.
Fort Brairg. vVestport and Usal: at Wllllts for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers- at Sherwood
for Cahto. . Covelo. Laytonvllle, Cummlngs.
Bell'a Springs Harris. Uubbard. Frultland.
Dyer, Garbervllle. Camp 5. Pepperwood ScctU
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to an points
beyond San Rafael at half rates
buTldfe 1 ° fflCe# 65 ° Market » tr « et - ChronlcU
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MT. TAM ALPA[SjffAILWAY^
It. 8aa fnadiea ■rjSPt]*_ ir. 81a Fnaeiiet
-... ; ...... 8:25a iTTaoT •1O-.5O*
S.oOa 9:oOa \fc^>JK|fhj : 55p 2: 35 f
-— - 11:OOa 4:'J5p „ ....
lttop l; 45 o 6:a'iP <t:3Ii»
S **^ e 4: ? 5p SatordaTs 11: 14^
-.„ ty to * Mt T>aitI r«» * «iP TaC*^
aiff<l£ I Markkt ST^fNorth Shore Railroad)
BmcB <*°d SAUSAUT«/JaiutY, Foot Market S*.
Weekly Call $1 per YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
I Vail -street Stocks */ 2 to 2 points lower.
Local Securities flat, but Mining Stocks sell fairly.
S'tkvr firmer. Sterling Exchange weaker.
Coal in ample supply at unchanged prices.
IV heat, Barley ,~°Oats and Corn quiet.
Beans. Hay and Feedstuff s shozv no variation.
Eggs firm, unfit stocks light. Butter and Cheese steady.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables quiet.
Poultry market active, but Game inactive.
Cold zvcather si ill affecting the Fruit market.
Slocks and Cotton.
Ye»terday> gossip from Wall rtreet to E.
r. Hutton'K San F»«ncSsco offlce Eaid:
STOCKS — The «CTk market was quite. strong
for a time this morning, bvt la'er weakened
«.nd brcke eharr!y durir.? the afternoon, when
it was anticuncd that the Gcx-ernrr.er.t had
recornmendod F^Jeral chatters, utifl Federal *u
rrviEion for all conjorations doing an Inter
state business. Support was Riven the market
and it later railled bat broke again in the
last hour, when it was stated that a bill gov
erning supervision cf railroad rates will be
Introduced Into Centre**.
We r*<"eived a cable froir>. our Liverpool cor
rrf-pon<Jents to tbe ef'e-t thst liquidation has
b*-«-n ver>" thorough there and that the market
riKd b*en hpavlij- over»ol<5 from the ext€r.s=ii*
►war cp.rstions from this *ld^ In conjunction
ihe felling ro<nemcnt cf the bears there
in the extort to dislodge tbe "supposed weak
*p*rulall-.e bull attack and from too eager
or>er»ti->Tis for a furlhtr decline.
• 'OTTOX- Many good iadfea of the market
claim thst the decline h*s b«'n overdone snii
• th» purchase of the cotton. The de
c.'n* has recently brournt out sll the long
c< tton that I* likely to come, while tlie ehort
•ale* have to be covered.
Money, Storks and Trade.
Recent mail advices from Wall rtr««t s»y:
The *trony*-5t factors in the s::\;atior. ar»
tir.e ab-undJuVe cf m<"rey. an cxf'.Ifnt invest
ment fiomanil for securiiti' s and tlte p'omis
ir.g h«wln»gi outlook. Fur.if «!* in ampie
•upplj an4- there Is no fra- cf uonc'arj- dtr •
turbauce. sui h as frequent! 7 occcc* at th«
c:o«s o* tlie year. Both cp.il utA t!r.>e rates
are eo low that securlMcs r-ti-ig niu<-b rr.or"
»atlfjactcry return* then n\cv.py at mtereft,
this Hj»inc a pcwcrfirl factor in the invest
tr.er.; niarkct. Ti> are Just ai>pr,-8ching the
January investment dimaiii'. vi:icS always ab
•ortrr many millions of securiti.'s; biit asi-ie
from this there is a. sttrrriEU'jrl:: «oo3.<?fmanil
for desirable Investments, nrpeelally b<>»-ds.
which has not been- satlstlod by recent hca\->
offerings. Wltfcln ■* few Wetfci th;-r<» have in
cludf-d fibout f.*a)/niO.O<j& .Tapa-oFe $25.«K»,n00
New York. fSvOtsXOQO Tlocz It'^.r..1. $40,000,000
Mexicans, and a nu:nber o<" enalif-r issue*, be
t'.d'f which MiKS-Hjri I'ac'.fl- pro:;orfs an is<-ue
cf f50.<a»'.iH"t pr.l Atchi«rn a like ariount.- Of
tbe. two latt«r only ■kent o:;e ha!f ■will be put
en tlie market at i>res»-r.t. It " Is Quite saf^
to sa? that fully 3W.000.003 of new issue*
t-.av»- been snrouno 4 »iu:in tb* last two
mon:hs. ami it i^ probabU- the -limit has not
5't been reached. «^Hir raiSntds are in n»«»l
<?f large rums to rnabie t>em to keep u,-> wit a
the growth of traffic. The suj -plying' of tlie.«e
needs was f u.Silrr'.y int'riuj i'-d by the psata
conditlonK «f V.W, an-1 niar-y o"" the railroads
tidrd over the cunrrgency tr tli«- ls<oe of shct
tfrm obli»:^t:crjf. pon><? o' v.r;'h must eoon
mature «nd be pr-jvide-i ' for. CondUlcns in
rr.any impetts ere e*r*cial!y favoreb<e to such
negotiation:; J.ut llifre : ema Ins ' "l be danger
<it ccngeeitr.g the n^oncy ntatjtrt and ,<J»-rres«
lr.g the stock market' if the Fup;-(y' uf new
issues outruns the ability, to ar-scrb them. At
present the lavcsSBtSt demand it- excellent, an.l
is cxjlaint-d only en the th<-o^y that wealth
is accumulating utider continu»-l prosrerlty
sni that rr.any buyers he'.d back, until after
the elections.
GKXERAL BIT5IN-EPS.
licnerai business ic in very promiaing con
dition, chiefly as a resu!t of a r rfl fit ab 'e har
ve«t. Railroad rnarattcr*! see a blc traffic In
sight for jrrcbah'.y the next six months, and
they are cliiefiy anxfous about ' their ability
to handle tbe freight which is in prospect.
Kor the next six months at k-ast we may ex
pect, to see good railroad earnings. Our ex
port trade If a -so good; for-, while v^e will
have iittlc »hpat or flour to spare, we will
have plenty of. cotton, corn, oate . and other
* ;- r: ..•.-..-:-'. . pr-odurtt. This n> an.- better
times fcr •.:...--;■•: ■a::- :< interest* on both land
»■ ■ : sea. At home trade is &l*o expand.ng,
and there is a good demand for nearly all
rr.cnufacturcd products. Tbe iron and steel
trades arc again on one of their s;-.asmoii?
Uli^trd movements; and. as the railroads are
coming in us heavy buyers of material.", this
activity promises to last fcr a conquerable
I*rio«1. Ali things considered we seem <ie*tine<l
to enter the r.tw year under \cry hopeful con
<Iiti->nt and to enjoy a further period of iros-
Jjcrity. This has been discounted to a very
considerable extent in Wall street, and values
on ihe Stork Ex.hange. it should be remem
bered, arc upon a very high level.
_________
LASTKHN MARKETS
New York Money .Market.
NEW TORK. r>ec. 21.— Money on call was
•teady at per cent; closing bid. 2>i per
etnt; offered. 2\ i*>r cent. Time loans were
r3ty and dull, with sixty days, ninety days
srr.d Kix months at a'i^.'J** per cent. Prime
rietcantile pap*T. 4\-4 _■ per cent. Stirling ex
rr.fcRite was weak, with actual business in
Wtiilcer*' Mile at *4>T15 for demand and at
*l.*ir.rt for «ixty-<Jay bill*. Ported rate*
** k;,:.<--;4 »-V commercial billy. *» B»*I- Bar
•liver. «;llkC. Mexican dollars. 48>ic- Bonde-
GovernmeniF. ra.ry: railroads. hta\y.
New Voik Stock Market.
NEW ■ YORK. Dt-c. 21. — The strong 'upwarl
tnovrairnt of jirlcee cf storku In dull trading.
»hich became Ftriking yst«~r<1ay. w«» contln
\i-6 for a brief period only t>5« niorning. The
movement at first f«*<?m<'d to run out eimply
and a lethargic condition developed. Then
prices turned abruptly downward. Sharp de
cline* m-ere scored in a considerably larger
volume of t>u*.ln*-«s than at s.ny time during
the previous day's advance The coincidence or
•cceleraied downward movt-men; with the ap
pearance In Wall rtrtet of printed abrtracte cf
the nj.-ort of tha Commissioner of Corporations
rave'cclor to the *uppo!>itlcn that the weak
rtess ni ln<Juce<i by the contents of the rt-port.
The recommendation '« fsvor Of Federal li
censes to permit corpcratiotis to engace In in
t'erFtaf; commerce loemed to revive all the 8p
hensionF felt in the financial district >m
tl:l« (iubjert CW since the puMi -sti'iii of the
Prei>i<l»nt> mnwitg'. When the subject had
rec*d«d Into the background if a market far
tor. 5i f*-«nvwl to do so. it has been because
of Quotation of suthoritley throwlnsr doubt upon
the likelihood of action by Congress in line
with the recommmdatlne. This was the atti
tude, yesterday on the occasion of the appear
• ••ce' cf the Interstate Comnn-rre Commission
ers' report, which did not interfere with the
tiplift the market en very m«-aijer buying.
To-day's reaction was a!*o due • to * feeling
of sktirticiem over the substantial nature of
S»*t»-rday> sdiance. The doubt wir festered
>■>>• tnrnf rather cie»r evidences to-day of a
i- .-„::.;■: .t. of pool and mscipulative tactics on
the part of prominent leacfcrts of the late ad
vance to the heights from which such costly
decline* were mso>. The cost of that decline
hat net passed from the memory of the victims
•nd th# current stock market Is undoubtedly
►till affected by the nhock to confidence In
duced by th* drcr. There was a suspicion that
the movement might be In the nature of an ad.
monition »u »:■>■'. the injudicious attempts to
extend upeculativr commitments and force the
level of prices st an unpropjtlous time, and
that it »«? aid*<i with that view by some of
tbe rrtat banking and financial Interest*. The
manner of rome of the selling was clearly in
tended to convey the- impression of such opera
tions, but whether with the connivance of the
interr«« euppes*d to b« acting was lert to the
usual sunpiclou* conjectures of the trading
■ public. The nem-s or the day was not very sig
nificant ami was not much regarded. The bus>
hum Q< Christmss trade in the retail districts
Kites warning that the unusual considerable,
holiday requirernente for cesh *IH have to be
estimated with other factcre in the year's end
money n »•>.•-•* With the sailing of the last
steamer which can reach foreign markets with
remittance* before the first of the vear the
''xr-hange market went to pieces and 'flattened
out to an almovt nominal basis. This. is cor
roborative of the view that the outgo of gold
fraa br-cn *»oal*T?e<3 for t'UrpoFet of "window
•<ire«5lng" l.y foreign financial Institutions for 1
thtlr annual showing of resources. Last prices i
of »tt'»cki! weir not generally the lowest of the
day. hut the p.itns made yesterday were mostly
wiped out and the closing tone was easy •
Bonds were heavy. Total sales (par value).
United SUte>« new 4s. registered, decline! »i
p«r cent on call. '
, New York Stock List.
U. F." Hutton & Co.. 490 California street,
6an Franci»co. members of the New Tork.
Ftock Kxchange. furnish the following official
Quotations at their Exchange: ■
Ba>«.i STOCKS. IHIghlLow. | Bid. |Ask.
jAdams Express.. ....' 2M 250
£9.300 Amalg Copp*r. .. 6S% 64^4 65H 65K
'Am Can Co 11% 12
I Do pfd ««' 67
J>.IOf«!A.m- Car A Fy Co 3S% 83*4 34 «; 35
1.6U0* - Do pfd 83«i R2»i »2H »2«i
2.400:Ajn Cotton Oil.. 37 3<5H 3SH 3<Pi
« ».Do fd. ...._. 96.. »7»
( jAm Dist Tel j i 1 57%) 39
300, Am Express |209«t,2C0« 4 |2u9 |210
! jAm Gr Twine Co| < 1 lt*i| 12
j tRK);Am Hide & L..| 1«»»| 10% lw%| 10%
1,400; Do i>fd ....... 1 *'< I 44%. I 44 '»| 44 ji
4(Ki t American lce....| 6 S 4| 6 | 6%| b» 4
i 900i Do ptd 3b I 37% I 37Vi 37 y,
J ;Ain Linseed | 16 19
; 1 Do pfd ! i I 3T 41 I
I l,7«0;Am Locomotive. | 35 | 33%| 34% 34Ji
I »X»! Do pfd 1103 i 102% 1102% 103«»
2,3l«>,Am Malt | 7%| 7 j «% 7
i j Ho pM I I .28 26%
. r .,6<X>,Am Sm & Rf Co 81% | SoVi! b0%| 8o»*
j I Do pfd I I |113 J113%
, 30.10O Am Sugar |143%'l4(» ,111^142
• 3rt)' Do pjd 13&%jl38%jl3.S 141
I Am Tel & T CO ]..... J125 |127
I jAm Tob pfd 183 • |184
400Am Woolen 21% 21% 21 21%
I i Do pf<t J 03 94
2,2yO',Anaconda | 98% 96% lol 105
J Ann Arbor |.....| i 30 3»i
-. Do pfd I i 62 »S
I 15,(XK>A T & S F 80% I S4%; 85% 85%
< t»0O| Do pfd 105%ll03»«|lU3% 103»t
|i in.4r«i Pa't & Ohio lOOHl 9?%| 9ft'-» 100
I 2"Oi Do |.fj 95»»i »5% f»5 W
; 11,4<mi,h It X rtl\l 59 I fi3',«j 5«%
" 300 Brouk UnGas..i2rt5 2A3 i2O5 210
» SOO.Brurs D & I...| 11% 11% 10%i 12
i Batterlck -Co ...I ,. 11%|11%
2«tH,Cana(3a Scuthernj fif> \ «9 69 | «!•»»
I 2.«ro Canadian PaclflcllSl 129%il30% 1SO%
2.8'.X)C & 0 4S«i 47>, 47% 47%
fjO<>!C fc A .) 43% 43% 42% 43%
I Do pfd ..." 78 84
: .- jC & E I pfd ..'.-.1 130 185
t.SOOJC & « W I 22% ' 22 22% 22%
I I Do pfd A I j 66 67%
lOn Do pfd B ' 34*4 ! 34 31% 35%
1 j Do debs I |..."..! 83 **%
2WC & N W ,'Mi ia«7%,2i>4»4:204%
• 16.1<k>C 51 & Pt P 17I%',IC9 ll«»%|l<»H
j 10<>; Do pf<1 l!>2%!l62%ilSl 183 .
! SSAOOjC R I t P <new) 34%i 3::%| Z:V t 3.".%
l.SOO Do pfd S5?;| g4«i! 84>i 85
I Doll :...| 8O«4 81
.'.. ,Chtcago Term ..| | [12 | 12%
40(i; Do pfd ! 22 i 22 i 21%| 22>4
R<Xi;C1ilcago Un Trac! 2 1 ■« ! IOS4 10»i I 10%
70(>i Do pfd I 41 40 39% 42
JMXi C C C & St L. . . . 91 % 9OU «) 00%
j :Cleve I>nr & W..| .'. tA S()
I ! Do pfd •!*> 12i>
1 li.r-OO'Colo Feel 4: Iron 4S%| 45 I 45% 40
1 1 'K> 1>M ! ! ! K5 '.
! Colurn H C & l..\ 1 17\ l(s
2f»:Oo!or«do So ...|-2.t 22HI 22* 4 2:5
2.!*Yi! Do 1st pfd ...t 59%! 6!)%t 5»4 «>
i.'kio no 2d pf<J 'm:%\ :a*i .'{.''j 38
j 25,800,0^501 Gas '201 %;1(M% 1195% ilS<i
■ 'fen Trb pfd .. ' !. :i27%!l3<»
2.0<V> Com Pr.iducts ..' 21% 2<t'i! 20»i '-I
2.W»; Do pfd 7ft'j| 7*»i! 78%j 7S>\
StU'iDel & Hud»nn ..'ls-^iiKtt ISO I1SS
1 .400 D L & \ W 'XM 13X0 W2fl 333
2<>0 D «.- R G 31% 31 ::i ;;i»i
1 700j IV) pfd ! 89 I 8S 88 8S%
1 llVj M * Ft D....J j 24 27
; {Detroit L'n Ry... 75% 1. 78
200 Detroit So I 7',i ■ 7 7<i 7%
j Do pfd I 32 -j 31 .Jo' I 32
Diamond Match .! 135 13C
3<(0;Distil Sec-Jr ....! 3S ! 37U .17 ! :<7'i
! I Do bends (. 1 7S I IS%
200 Duluth S S Si A ! ir.'i i:;t; 1.1 | \\'
♦WO,' Do pfd ! 27 {20 2rt I 2<;24
12,4CO|Erie •( ;n\'- .*<•»% 3«%j 36%
«.<«0i D.|' 1M pfd ...I 75U! 74 ! 74 I 74%
SCO Til 2d pfd ....! 54% r,4%i M%| 55
IE & T H ...;.......! «0 ' 68%
! Do pfd I j ,«3 t»0
2<*t'Ft W & D C .. 38%! 3S% 3S 39
-Gen Chemical ..! ! fiO 65
'--I Do pfd I I ilOO 105
LfOjGen Eltctrlc ....|18O 1S« |l»*4- 18«
2W),Ureat No pfd -.:rj»2 '240 -2TO 1244
;Greene Cons Ccp! I I 24 24%
..'Havana Tob Co. I | | 81 34
- Do pfd I j 50
jHockins Val 1 89 91
30O Do pfd fl.1%! 93 { !»2»4 UXU.
2,W« Illinois Central .|155 ilKl%!154 1154%
«Vi;Inter Paper ...'.i 24 I 24'i
30T,i Do pfd 77%! 77". 77 77%
1.100,Inter Power ....] 72 I 70* 70 71
'Inter Pump !.::.. (39 40
I Do pfd [185 1 80%
I Oil Iowa Ctntrsl ... 2fl'4l 29%l 2S*i 2»%
2<«: Do pfd .. 55»4i S5«4; S3 54 5»?%
|Kan«»h« * Mrhi I..... .-{« 37
KC FtS & M ptdi j 8l%| S2
*»K»ns City So .. 28% 2SV-'. 28% 2»
i.wx) Do pid 122*4152% :>-•%»«=•■;
• Keokuk A- Des Mi. ..J.I... '.'.'■ 14 I 17
ILaelede Gas pfd.| I I no
iLake E & West .,...• i 40%| 41
•! Do rM I...'..! !ioi»' iic-t"
ILong Island ...I ».:...( 57 [ 82
7.4IX- Loul«> & N«sh...|141 1 .iJ13S%|139%jl.ia»i
100: Manhattan Ki!>i!163»-, 162 !l(5l
j iManhattau Beach'.-. ..-.j * »lil 11
•!.:iX<:MctropoIitan Set' RO^i 7S%| 7S!W| 7sSi
S.'.HiOMet St Ry \v» jlsl i 121 £ 121%
2<x» Mexican Central, j 21%! l'(.V! 20% 20'i,
100 Minn & gt L...| 58 I 5s lu.) ! ua
j ! Do pfd I ,| 1 9J !1CO
j M. St P & SS M i ..... I I M>%1 on
;- Do pfa ■. I.". :..ti .•;.-, \l*G% 147
I.UirtMo. Kan & T(x.[ SlfSJ 30% W-74! 31
■ 1.700! Do. pfd -..i.t3% «l CJ-' ! K1U
21.700 Missouri PacIflc'.|l«l«i!l07 T <i!l0S% 1CS%
...:... Nash. C ft'Ft L.J. .'. . .|. . .. .JUG (147
i 3.1 f '<» Nntional Lvad...l 24%\ «-':%| 2.!*i "1
SOO; Do pfd. I 97%| 37%| W.iil flT>;
; <*U Xtl P. It Mri. pfdt 41 i 4O 40 I 40%
lU0,.Vew Jersey C«a..l(»l |l(H» 1180 ifMt
N Y Air Urake.! I. 1C2U 1<B%
2, 10(i. New y.,rk On.. 1 142 130% 140 * 14O',i
ino.N y. c i- f=t l.l... -.;...;! «u| 45
1 Do lrt pfa.:.. l. HO "|120
lWi; Do 2d pfd.,.., 76 j 70 j ,7."i . | 73
... — '. iN'ew York Dock.;.'. . . .( :.| lf^'i "4
I.JOOIV Y. N II £r H.|l«8 ilO<s; 1 15.^1? liir ,,
3.500.N Y. Out * W.| 44 " | «3%lr«% 44
3.400;NorfoIk & West. 7»- i 77%| 7ss? 70
.......; do pm I.....!...:!! w?l ,v»
J Xcrih American.! !.:..*;110i» liui
1 4, W if) Northern Sees. . .;i30«4'12S - 129«4 !t:»>
1 iOniaha .) 1 150 15fi
! i Do pfd 1 .) is" l»i
I O S L 4s ,..| I KV1\ 104>i
:<Kl Paciflc Coa« j 77% 77%j 77 | 7M<,
j i D)1h pfd i !-.... 9S K14
; ■•' DoSlpH..:.. 1 ....;f-80% «::
.VK1 Pacific Mail | 4.1%! 4^%i 41 U, 4"
3(».7«K,;Penn R R Co...!lW ll.iu'ill.^iTw 138%
4. 100! Peopled Gas ;107%ilC5%!l06' 10C%
■ 'Per* llarquette. .! i . 75 | 7k'
2«*i P. r. C & St L.I7K j 76 7.'. | 7((
ho. Do pfd :!io6 io« iio.-t 107
70r>; Preyed Steel Car| ."»%! 3S«ij :{8*i 39
:;<«f* lio pfd •. :l !*ou 90' 1 su% 90
I PulIman-.C"»r Co.^ ....•.'234 °.iri
2.-5OO Ry Ste<| Sprtngftj S.t%|-32% 32 Xt
l'«>0i Do pfj. . «s ! 9:: . 93 «:i%
43.2W;Re a dlnK. :'.....*:! .TB-Ti 77% 7754 t8 . I
•Wire Do 1st pfd !*5W«il 90% 90 91
1«li Do 2d pfd •. 81%| 61% 81% 82
WX»Republic S & I.:.| ]«%| if} jq ici;
700, Do pfd { 63%! €8% G$% WK
1.100 Rubber Goods.. .h2t;%l 26% 2ti2 "Uvi
«00! Do pfd j 84 t 94 »3% »<%
IWieiom 6 S & 1 Co' 68%{ 5!».j. 5D% CO
100! Do pfd UOlU'lOHi 100 102%
St .TAG I ! !.... i 15 17
...;...| Do lrt 'pfd m 68-
Do 2d pfd .". o s - « R
(St UcS V 1st pfd .•:...]../.' 7.', 7?y
10P; Do 2d Pfd ... :«7 • 66 (5U»4 «7%"
IMIO.St L & S W .-..., 24*4-24 2* 25
100' Do Dfd '. . 57 i'57 r».'i 57
C1.100|Southern Pac .. R5% Kl'k CS GXU
200j Do pfd 118?illlS% 118% 11!»
P,f>(K) Southern Ry ... 35% 33"*, ."Ml; ;ur;
80P| Do pfd .. 97 'JGT4 9<S«i 97
j Standard Oil . «3o' 635 '
! 700iSUndard n t Tj 2'i 2% 2% 2%
7.eOOlTenn Coal & Iron 72* 4 ! f»% 70U 71
l' re "» P r ' T Co ! 38% 3i»
700:TexaK Pacific . .". S4% 34 34 34«i
....... Third Avenue . .j. ....(..;.. lr.i 132
Toledo R & T Col 22*i 24
2O0:Tole<3o f t L t W ?,6% 35% •*»% 30%
• SOO Do Pfd 54 B3»; S.-S' 54 -
Twin City R.T .V.:, 1W 1O«%
Union Bag & P lOv »1O%
Do Pfd ...... ..... ..-„.. »72" '75'
i C4,»00 Union Pacific ... Ul% 100?; HO.'. h»S
Do pfd - »5% 95% -95% 9« '
Do conr 4s ... . ;v. . ...... 10% JO-V
... United Copper ....... ...;. I- '- 1 1 J
.....'.. United R or S F .......... 20" 24
Do Pfd •• ...'.. B5". «7
Do- 4s '.:>.:, «7% an
.100 U 8 Cast I Pipe- 19 .10 . 18% lfl
l,300l Do "pfd ...... 80 79 79% 70%
: U S Express ..... ..:.. 41% 42
15.*«0 U S. Leather. .., 14%l 13§i 14% 14>4
9 200. Do ofd .:\;.l 101%|100?4 101 101U
U S Rubber : 31% 32'
...;... Do Pfd -.....•. .......... flS 91%
75.200 U S Et*el Cor... 30- I 28% 28% 2S»«
100.1*00 Do rpfd J fl-1% »l 91% 9\%
lOOVa-Car Chem Co 42 41% 41 41%
Do pfd 113% 114 .
1.200 Wabash ... ..'.. 22 22 ' 21«< 22
500 Do pfd ...... 43U 42% 42% 42%
Do deb Bs 67r 68
Wells J/ar»o Ex. .1237 249
400 Western Union.. 92% 92% 92% 92%
MOOIWeEtinghoure ... 183% 181% 180% 181
.......I Do 1st pfd ... 183% 184
....... W ALE ".. ...:. 19 19%
.:..:.. I Do 1st pfd ......"....>.. 45 48
I Do 2d pfd ...j.V...|.....J.25% 26
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. ■"■DECEMBER;; 22, 1904.
lf*>i Wisconsin Cen ..I 22 1 22 I 21% I 22
3001 Do pfd .| 45?i| 45. I «%| 45%
915,500— Total shares sold
New York Bond<
L S ref.2» reg..l04%|Hock Val 4%s....lll%
Do coupon 104SIL tc N unified 4».103%
Do 3s reg 104%|Man con gold 4s.lO5
Do coupon 104%|Mex Central 4s... 78%
Do new 4s reg.130%1 Do 1st Inc 23%
Do coupon lSO^IM. K & Texas 4s. 100%
Do old 4s reg.lO5%| Do 2ds 85
Do coupon KMMNR of Mex con 4s 81%
Aich gen 4* 102^T N T C gen 3%s..W0» 4
Do adj 4s 9t%*N J C gen- 5a 1.06
Atlantic C L 4s. 99ft j Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 103%! Do 3* 75
Do 3%s pfl iNor & W con 4s.l00?4
Central o f Ga Ss.lll IOSL 4s & partlc.104
_L'c 1st inc e2%|Pa conv 3%» 102%
Chec & Ohio 4%s. 1O7?4 1 Reading gen 4s... 102%
Chi & Alton 3%*.**i2: |s L & I M con Bs.liGV.
C. B & Q new 4s_Uta4 S L & S F fg 4s. 83%
C.M & SP gn J#IW#tSt Louis BW lsts. 97V
L& XW con|7s.l^ .<9eaboard.A L 4s. S4%
C. R I & Pa4.4i.'p!(:!So''Paciflc 4s 94 -
Do c/»l 5s.V-.... K?t4<s o - Hallway Ps 119%
C.O.C 4 SLgn 4s.l«jl%lTexi* Pac lsts..llft%
Chi Term 4*.... . 35%'ToC St L & W 4b. 82%
Cons Tobacco :4g r J T6- ! Union Pacific 4S.106U
Coo & So 4a..-,w<>2tt , Do conv 4s 110%
Colo Fuel &>r>fl?V>%!u S. Steel 2d 5s.. 92 .
Den & Rlo ; G\4aiKa\ (WabMh lsU 117%
Erie prior lien- XsxtOHJj Do deb n 67i-i
Do gen 4s r ...A»l«lW & 1, Erie 4s... OTH
F W & D C lsts.JOTfiiwis Central 4s... 92>"v
Xew: York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con .'...•. 2f>XitUe Chief or.
Alice ...>.."• «0 Ontario 3 75
Breece .. '..'■ l«K>nh!r 3 CK>
Bruns Con 'ifllPhoenix '.. 10
Com Tunnel ■....' fS'Pou??l lt>
On Cal A Va/. . 1 ..ttlSnvngr 14
Horn SlU'er 1 K.MPIerra Nevada ."54
Iron Silver 2 OOISmatl Hopes '. 25
Leadville Con O2IStandar<l 2 00
Boston Storks- and Bonds.
Money — \V S Steel 2R%
Call loans 3'i@4%| Do pM f>i %
Time loans ...4 «?*■ !\\>«ting Common. ftO
Bend-'— | Minir.tr —
Atchlson 4e '.101%'Aovj-rture 5>i
Do adj 4s> 9.{*i Alirve-i \-'i
Mex Central 4s... 7S lAnui <V>pper <ir»'i
Railroads — lAri.T Zinc 12.
AtchiJon S5%' A'lsrlio 15»i
Do pfd 103% Bin{rliam S.1*;
Boston & Albany. 252 l« r.U,jr.et & Hecla.fi40
Boston A- Maine. 17(» Iff i u nnlal 24
Ppston.Elcv 153 <Vpner flange ... rt4«i
Fltchburg pfd 13»i;irMl>' West 11-%
Mcx Central 2n%!ru, i'i Coal
N t. N h * HhrasiiTranklln in^
Pere MarquPtfV. . . 76 Itiriitcj S
1'nion Paciflr 110 'I-.!-» iroyale 2ri
Mlscellanooi.'*! — I'-'.ts MfninK .... S%
Anier Arse Chrm. 21 i^ r <V.nvH 19
Do jifd vi JMcnt Coal & Coke 4*4
Anirr Pn»u Tube. RIS'Jn ,? Iintnlnlon .. ." 2«5
Arvr Supftr 1 t14«'f mcenl.i «J1
Do nM IV »••! Parrot
Amer Tel & Tel.14f)*iiQiilney in."
Amor Woolen ... -fi'.iShannon R»;
Do pfd 9.1%!Tamarnck 11*'
Dom Iron «• R. . . 17 iTrinltv .*Ti'
E<1 EIe.'t Ilium.. 2M In S Mining 2 « r:
Mass Electric 14 U" P OH 11
Do j>M .tfl irtnh 41%
Mass Gas I Victoria 4U
l'nlt«<1 Fruit ....107 fWlnona 11%
I.'n Phoo Mach... .ViUi Wolverine *T. .104
Do pfd .in; 1 --•;-. tr,i.u£
Tx>n«!on <'losine Stocks,
Cons for money. . K8%lN X Central 145'i
Do for acct..... RSiJINor &- Western... S1%
Anaconda 5>if Do pfd tir,
Atchison RS%tOnt & Western. .. iZ : *
Do pfd .'.100 '.Pennsylvania . 7<Hi>
Rait A nhlo......10:t% l nand Mines 11%
fan Pacific 131 |Ilra<linR .... T4()%
Oies & Ohio l!>%| Do 1st pf<l :4r>%
CM Great Weyt.. 2P. | Do 2d 'nfd 41%
Chi. Mil & St P.175U|So Railway ?.r,
De Beers 18UI Do pfd fifi"^
Den & R! o a H2'i {So P»cln> W.%
Do pfd WSill'nlon Pacific 111%
Erie SS^ Do i.fd 9S'
Do 1st rM 77 !l' R Pterl nn%
Do 2.1 r«M 57%i Do nM pit;
Til Central lTOUiWuhnsh 22'-V
T.ouls «- Ka*h 1I"U' Do pfd M«
M. IC *■ Texas... !f-nar.j.«h 4? 83U
Bar silver—steady; 2S%d per oun-e
Monei- — C572 1 .. per cent.
The rate of d's^num in the open market for
short bills is 2 -{rt^ca?. per cent an-1 for three
months' hills 2*^2 lTi-10 per cent
Condition of the Treasury,
WASHINGTON. Dec. 21.— To-day's state
ment cf the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,U00,0CO gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, (141.fil7.2Q2; gold. $85,378,
336.
Xew York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 21.— Cotton futures opsned
firm; January. 7.22c; February. 7.:!2c; March.
7.43c: April. 7. We; May. 7.55c: June. 7.(!2c
bid; July. 7.63e: August, 7.71c: October, 7.fir>c
Futures closed very steadv: December 7.22c-
January. 7.26c: February, 7..'i5c : March. 7.45c:
April. 7.51c: May. 7.T,('v; June. 7.64c.
Rjx»t closed quiet. 10 points lower: middlin?
uplands. 7.60c: middling gulf, 7.85c; sales.
bales. ' ...,: .
Xew York Urnin and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— FLOUU— Recf:ii)tr.
lfi.50<) barrels: exports, 10,900 barrels, Steady
but quiet. "
WHEAT— P.eceipts, 17,000 bushel*. Spot
firm. No. 2 red. nominal elevator nnd $1 lS»-j
f. o. h. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. ?1 2.'J l »
f. o. h. afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal
f. o. h. afloat. A stronpe'- tone took po^efs
*lon or wheat to-day, reflet-tine steadier Lon
dor pal.lf?. small Northwest • receipts end re
ports cf ii'.st ami fros>t in Arcentlnr.. Prices
advanced a crnt in covtrlnx and olored firm.
Ke -t.t "je uet hl?h»r: May. *1 12 3-lC<S
1 13 3-lrt. rloa>d ?1 BJ4j July. ?1 02%©l 0S!i
rlo-se.l $1 C; December, $1 1S4J1 13H, closed
srOAP. — Raw firm: refined firm.
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures \va*r
a rhade le?s active than yesterday, but there
was j». continued -00U demand, chiefly from
Wall-»tre^t hois-s. The clore was f=t<-ady at
a net decllfe of 33710 DCintf. Sale*. 27I.5CO
ba^F. including: January. 7.B0S7.*iOc: March.
7.7397.D0c; April. 7.!)0t>i7.!l5c: May, 89845c;
July. S.15(gs.:!oc: September. f.40(&S.5."c: Octo
ber. H.~,;.e: November S.. r >5e. . Spot Kio firm;
mild q-.:i«t.
BirrTKK— I'n.-hanffed. ':♦'■
CHESSE— Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged. ■'■'
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Are firm. Com
mon. ."'■i5i4Uc; prime. 4Vi®4}ie; choice, 5Ji"
5«4e: fancy, <ifo«w c .
PRUNES— Rulod firm. Spot quotationt.
ranee from 2c to flc. according to xrade. for
<."al;fomia fruit, while Oreeon fruit runs as
hlpli as ti*ic. .
APK1COTS— Remained firm. ■ *,"holce, 10c;
extra choice. lO'.^Cllc; fancy. HV4C»l5e.
PEACHES — Continued firm. Choice? rt'^c;
extra choice. 10^&10»ic; fancy. Il'4ftl2c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— Following yester
day's sensational decline In London tin, to
day's cables imported a partial recovery, spot
advancing 15e to £132 Ss and futures £1 to
£lu<> Us. Locally the market was also stead
ier, with Hpot quoted at f2!>@29 25.
London cower was unchanged at £60 for
spot and £<i'i 7s (Id for futures. The local
market wai« oulet. Lake. H%@15Hc; electro
lytic. ll%fflZ\ic. and casting, 14«i<S<1 t^c
Lead declined 2s t '<!' in L<uidon, with «pot
closed st £12 10s. TTie market here was un
changed, with spot at 4.<J0<B4.70c.
. Spelter ruleJ easier abrcad, clcsinc at £2i
12s «:d. and was unchanged locally at r>*4ip5% o .
Iron in Glasgow was unchanged at 51!a :'.d,
and at Midd!e«boro advanced to 4Ss »d. The
local market. was unchanged.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. LM. — The wneat market at
the opening lo-day was somewhat Irregular,
May being a nhade higher to J 4c lower at
$1 10?i to $1 10*601 10»4. For a moment of
ferings wc-re slightly In excess of .the demand.
Almost immediately; ■ however, sentiment
changed, and It became difficult to get re
sponses to bids. TJie result was a quick ad
vance in prices. Liverpool advices were of a
bearish tenor. Quotations on future' deliv
eries at the time of ' opening here were from
•ic to %c lower. The apparent reason for
the decline was favorable news received there
from Argentina, together with offerings of
Argentina wheat at 3d decline. As an offset
to theue advices, a local commission house had
a cablegram lrcm a Chicago crop expert now
in Argentina, giving a much less favorable
account of that country's crop.. The claim
was made by this authority that with 2,000,W0
more acres seeded to wheat this year, appear
ance indicated that the total yield would be
somewhat smaller than last year. This was
one causa of the fairly, active demand from
commission houses and shorts that developed
soon after the opening.- Later in the session
the market was further strengthened by a
liberal decrease in primary receipts, arrival's
to-day being only half- as many as on the cor
responding day a year ago. : The "superior
strength of the -December option, -as evidenced
by an advance of over 2c, gave indication that
the cash wheat had been in strong hands, and
also of there being some outstanding shorts
In this month's delivery. ..Shortly before the
close May reached the highest point of the
day. at $1 12.' The market' closed strong
with May ll t c higher at $1 11*4. - ".
- The corn market was strong, partly in sym
pathy with wheat. May closed %c higher at
* 5 *» c - '"'"" 3 *pi*wnjnirT|iBsTf|l,ili[lll'<JBQplTii
i Strength In wheat and corn - was . the - main
cause of a firm cats market. May closed
H@'Uc up at 31«4©31Hc. . . ,
Provision* were weak as a result of a light
run of hoes at» the yards. At the^ close May,
pork was off 2'4c lard was a shade lower and
ribs were, down 2}»c to 5c. .
Th« leading futures ranged as follows: '
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . , - . ■ -
December Ill -113% 111 .113*4
May 1 10^ 1 12 1 10% 1 11%
July 98% 98T4 98% 33%
Corn No. 2 —
December ...... . -45 s ;. . 47 M . 45% ■ 46U
May 45V -45% 45V» . 45%
July 4.'.»i 45% 46% 45%
' Oats No. 2—
December 2»i4 2!H4 29% 29V4
May 31% 31% 31% .31%
July 31K : 31% 31U 31%
Mess Pork, i>er bbl—
January 12 57% 12 60 12 57% 12 57%
May 12 W 12 95 12 87%. 12 92%
Lard, per 10O lbs—
January 0 S5 ' <J 00 « 85 6 »O
May 7 12% 7 15 7 10 7 15
Short Ribs, per 1C0 lbs — »
January 6 45 6 47% 6 45 6 47%
May 6 7.1 6 75. 6 72% 6 75
Cash Grain, and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, barely steady: No. 2 spring
wheat. $1 OSJjI 15: No. S, »Sc@*l 12: No. 2
red. $1 1301 10; No. 2 corn. 46%@47%c; No.
2 yellow, 40%c; No. 2 oats. 30%c: No. 2 white,
'Jiyt&:n%c; So. 3 white. 29%@30»;c; No. 2
ry^, 73c; good feeding barley. 37@38c: fair to
choice malting. 41«NSc: No. 1 1 flax seed. $1 16;
No. 1 Northwestern, ?1 23%; prime timothy
seed. $2 72%; mess pork, per barrel, $11 30®
11 40; lard, per 100 pounds, $6 85; short ribs
sides (loose), ?0 25@6 50; short cl»ar sides
(boxed). $U 62Vjfi<5 75; whisky, basis of high
winea. $1 24; tlover, contract grade, $12 75.
Articles— ".-■'-■ -Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels --<• 42,600 51,500
Wheat, bushels 122.000 70, TOO
Com. bushels !»73,JX)O SO3.20O .
Oats, bushels ••• 221,50» 90.200
Rye. bushels 9,000 1.10O
Barley, bushels "15K.300 14.500
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Dec. 21. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. «163i26c:< dairies, 10®22c: eggs,
easier at mark, lO&^e: cheese, firm, ll^U'c. .
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
Chltviso.
CHICAGO. Dec. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts.
17,000; pteady to strong; good to prime steers
$H<ii7: poor to medium. ?3 75©5 90: stockerrf
and feeders, $2<£4 15; cows, ?1<!?4 20; heifers,
$1 7.*><fi» 1'<; canners. $t@2 35; bulls, $2@4.
calve*', $366 50; Western steers. $3 ."WKgS.
HOGS— P.eceipts. 42,<MX» ; to-morrow. 35.000:
sK-ady to 5c higher; mixed and butchers, $4 40
<gl 1)5; good to choice heavy, $4 6O@4 70;
rough heavy. $4 ?.r,<a t 50; light, ?4 30*54 55;
bulk • if siles. $4 Ml®* «(». - »t-
SHEEP— Receipt?. 2U.f>0o: sheep weak, lambs
steady- good to choice wethers, $t 4O@5; fair
to choice mixed. $."! 50ft4 50: Western sheep,
$:i«75 IS: native lambs, ?4 'J5®3 75; Western
lambs, $r> TrtlfJC »:.">.
• V - Kansas City. •.
KANSAS CITY. Dec: 21.— CATTLE^-Re.
celptH. 4000; strong, 5c'hlKh»r; native cowsand
heifers. $1 7ria.*>: «tockers and feeders, ■ .$2®
4 10: bulls ?2#4: calves. $;t<g« 50: Westetn
steers $303; Western cows, $1 7503 50.
HOGS— iflPoeiptF. ll.OOO; steady to 5c lower,
bulk of sales. «4 40«U <!5;' heavy, $4 OOfti 70:
jiarkrrs, ?1 miffl 65; pigs and light. %i 75®
145. '
SHKEP— Receipts. ."000: steady: muttons.
$4U5 35; lambH. ?5fi« .V): range wether*.- $4 23
<go 5O; fed ewes, ?:! 75 l ??t 50.
OniahtO
OMAHA. Dec. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts. 10.
fluo: «toe«ly: native sterrs. $4 23tC(i; cows an<l
lulfers, ?!' 00^3 73: Western steers, J3JI4 60:
'ltxas steer?, *2 7363 W»; range cows and
heifer?. *'l :!<i^-1 50; canners. $1 5f>g2 25:
ptockprs and feeii*T5. %i 4*9 i 15; calves, $2 50
«5r."i 50; bulls Rnd staff*. $1 75<g3 00.
HOGS — Receipts. 11,000^ 5c ' lower; heavv.
$4 4C!&1 60; mixed: $* 4f^24 50; light. $4 17>^
(54 B2J5; pig?. *W* 40; bulk of *a!es. $4 45JJ
4 BO. ' ■ >.■ .
SHEEP— Reielpt?, COOft; strcng: Weftern
ytarllngsi $•» 76®3 30: weth-rs. $4 5Cg5 25:
ewes. $J 7."/a'4 33; common and jtockers, $2 50
(H BO: lambs, $5 2."vffO 2.I.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
' Foreign Itatiires.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March.- May.
Opening 7 1 >i 7 19^
Closing 7 1*4 '7 1V»
Wheat — Deo. Mar.-Juns.
Opening 2.1 70 24 95
Closing 23 C5 2» 85
I'lour —
Closing 31 15 "2 30
ClcFlns; 3105 32 45 .
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Doc. 'Jl.— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium jrraJe», combing and clothing, 23ft 2Uc;
light fine, lsff^'.ic: heavy fine, 14818c; tub
Tva&hed, 27&41e. ' '* '" • • - .
Northern Wheat .Market.
;'': OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 21.— WHEAT— Export:
Walla Walla. 8U-: blueetem, S5c. Eastern
markets: Walla Walla, S-JSSjc; bluestcm, 90c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 21.— WHEAT— Unchanged:
blueatt-m, J>bc: club, snc.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Dec. 21.— Clearing:?. $S47.68<>.
balances. $ltu:.(.»Kt. '
TACOMA. Dec -Jl.— Cl?arini?e, $483,119;
balances. *H«,'J2">.
/ PORTLAND. Dec 21.— Clearings, $724,628;
balance*. JT.I.SoS.
SPOKANE, Dec. 21.— Cleari.ijrti, $I13,SC3;
balance*. 857,815.
I.OC.M/ MAltKIJTS.
E&xcjiangc and Bullion.
Sterlinr Exchange is lowar. Sliver in some
what htf.her.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 S-l*;®! ST>i;
Sterling Ksthanpe. sight V4 S7>i«lS7 \%
Sterling E.vhange, cables 4 SS © —■
New York F.xchenge, eight fi-Vjb- —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 05 . <?■ —
Silver. i><t ounce... til >, %i —
Mexican Dollars 50 'n 51
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Pari* 5.15
Xew York on Mexico "02>i
Paris on London ; .- 25. Hi
Urilln on London '. 20.37%
Wheat am! Other Grains.
' WHEAT — Foreign futures w<?re fewer. Chi
cajco was Hie higher, chiefly on unfavorable
cables fr.om the ArsenUne.
There \va.« no particular change In this
market. lloth caBh grain nnd futures were
firm in the- forenoon. But quiet and feature
less.. " Futures developed some weakness In the
afternoon.
CA$H WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4'»«tl 5'JVi: California
White Australian, $1 Oii<&:i i"2\i; Northern
Club, fi Mfil f>5: Northern Hlueotcm. fl «0@
1 IK!!*;' Northern. Red. ?1 IT'i per ctl
Session 9 to'lltW a. m. ' -
Open. High. Low. Cloee.
May »1 4".;i *l 4:i!i $1 4a% H 43*4
December — No sales;- $ 1, 44 bid.
2 p. m. . Session.
May— $1 43%. .
BARLEY — Quotations for cash grain were
maintained, but business was not active. Thers
was nothing doing in futures. ■
CASH BARLEY
Feed. $1 1'2>(,iU1 15: Brewing and Shipping,
$l'17%ai 20: Chevalier. ?1 15@1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m
May— $1 OSvi'bid. . . . ;'
December^ — No sales." ■
.2 p. ' m. - Session.
. . May— H 0H% bid. $1 09 asked.,
OATS — Red continue 'firm, with stocks very
light and an excellent demand for seed. There
Is nothing new In the other descriptions
White, 4l*<4A@l-fi7H:: Surprise, $1 55@1 «0;
Red for feed. (1 45©1 50 for No. 1 and
$1'4C&1 4l!>& for No. 2; choice, for seed.
$1 .',(Xil 5S; Black. ?1 MQ1 35 for feed and
?1 43®1 VZVj for eced. .
CORN— There I" no further change In the
market. The feeling Is very weak and offer
ings are In excess of the demand.
Western sacked, $140«£l 45 ,for old *and
$1 27tj©l 30 for new Yellow, .White and
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 27%©i aw:
small round do $1 Uo@l 80; White" $1 flUij
1 30; Egyptian, .$1 35@1 37>4 for White and
*1 17 ! 4©1 20 for Brown.
RYE— $1 40Q1 45 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $150©l 75 per ctl.
Flour nnd MillstufFs.
FLOUR— California' Family Extra*, $t SOQ
5 10, usual" terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70&A:
Oregon and Washington, . Jobbing at f 4_>4 50
per bbi. >•'-■••. . /
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages . are as
follows: Graham Flour, * S3 23 'per 100 Ib3 -
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. $:t «0*
Oat Meal, $4;- Oat Groatg, $4 25: Hominy.
$3 C0©3 S5; Buckwheat Flour,. $4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 78: Farina, • |4; Whole Wheal
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oate, bbls. $« 75®7 50; In
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. ■■"■$5; Split Peas
boxes, '$5 '50; -Green : Peas, to 50 per 100 'lbs.
Hay and ."Feodstuffs.
"Hay Is steady. " good Red, Oat Jn ' particular.
Quotations remain unchanged. Bran and other
Feodstuffs rule firm. v. • -. . . ..
Tne circular of ■ Somers . & Co. says : ,
"Receipts of • Hay for the past week hav«
been rather light, but 2300 tons having been
brought ,to • market in comparison with 3700
tons -for. the week preceding and 3300 tons for
the -week before that. 7,: In spite of "this de
cline .. In . arrivals we - can report no change • in
market conditions, . for trade' still continues dull
and ■ we ■ may expect It ■ to ; remain so.", at. least
until 'after the : holiday season. . Shipments to
points : outside of San Francisco continue light,
alth >Cgh Southern • California' Is still ' drawing
on our sources of . supply to some extent.
"Reports of large order* being placed here,
presumably for. Oriental shipment, have been
circulated during . the past few days. • As yet
no such shipments have been made from the
port of ' San Francisco, and, • although It is
generally conceded an order has been placed,
market conditions <«how no change as a result.
Rumors have been started that eight ox ten
thousand tons of Hay weTe to be shipped In
a very few. days, but It seems quite Impossible
that such an amount could be taken in so
short a period. However, should such exports
become a factor In shaping our local market,
a great deal will depend on the amount of Hay
taken and whether it be drawn gradually, or
In one or two large., shipments. •'
"Demand for all grades of Hay remains prac.
tically as before, with the possible exception
of tame oat, which sells fairly well, but at no
Increased figure."- ■ ■'•
BRAN— $20@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25©28 per ton.
SHORTS — J20@22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $24«g24 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 SOff.TJ 50;
Jobbing. $33: Cocoaput Cake. $23&24; Cocoa
nut Meal $24025; Corn Meal. $31 60©32;
Cracked Corn, $32@32 50; Mixed Feed, $22®
23: Horse Beans. $30i@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 9Cc per ctl. .-
HAY— Wheat. $9@14 50; Wheat and Oat.
$9@13 50; Oat, $9<312; Barley and Oat, $8®10;
Volunteer Wild Oat, $7010; stable, tOitlO;
stock. $5 50@7; Clover, $7(gl0; Alfalfa. $9012
per ton.
STRAW — 35@60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is nothing new under this head.
BEANS— Bayos, ?2 50@3: Pea, $3@3 50;
Butter, $3@.11'5; small white. $:©:t 35: large
White. $2 4C©2 60; Pink, $2 75©3 50; Red. $4 25
m 50; Lima. *t 10©4 20; Red Kidneys. $3 50^
4: Blackeyes. $2 35@2 60 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 S5$2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal — no good
lots offering; Yellow Mustard, 3%@3%c: Flax.
$232 75; Canary, 6%c; Alfalfa. 12%@13=:
Rape, 1%#2%c; Timothy. 5?ic; Hemp. 3%®
.'l-^ic per lb: Millet. 2%®3%c; Broom Corn
Seed. *20&21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75ff2 50; Green
Peas. $1 75@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
•A holiday feeling prevailed In the Potato
market, trade being limited to the purchasing
of fmalt lots for local wants, and prices of all
descriptions stood as previously quoted. Three
cars of Sweets were on sale, and as the offer
ings were of • good quality prices were well
maintained. Onions were quiet but firm at
previous prices.
Southern vegetables were in moderate sup
ply and choice offerings continued to sell oft
well at good prices. Tomatoes were scarce
and higher. Prices of bay vegetables were un
changed supplies being ample.
POTATOES — BUrbanks from the river, 40®
80c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 lSfll 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 7Bc©l 10 per ctl: River
•Reds. 60® 70c per ctl: Early Rose, $1 10® 1 IS
per 1 eU; Sweet Potatoes, (5C®S5c.
ONIONS— $2 40(52 eo i^r ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 5®7c per lb;
String Beans, S'&llc per lb; Wax Beans, 83
10c; Tomatoes, ■ $2 2.V5 2 50 per box or crate;'
Summer Squash. 85cff$l per box; Hothouse
Cucumbers, $1 per dozen; Cabbage. - fiOc per
ctl;, Carrots. 50©65c per sack; Garlic. 7<g**e per
lb! Egg Plant. 5<57e per lb for southern: .Dried
Peppers, nominal; Green Peppers. 5OS7.V- per
box; Mushrooms. 10jSJ20c per lb: Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash. $8010 per ton.
Poultry mm Gnmo.
, The market for live Poultry continued active.
' with everything but very small Broilers and
Squabs selling off well at steady prices. Re
. ceipts consisted of 102 coops from domestic
; shipping points. Dressed Turkeys arrived
! freely and the market was quiet, as the Christ
! mas demand had hardly, started and buyers
were only picking up small lots. The morn
ing trains brought 202 cases and there were
several consignments received later in the day.
bringing the total receipts up to. about 300
cases. • Offerings included 44 ; barrels, which
- came out from Kansas In a refrigerator car.
' They were of poor quality and sold at the In
side quotation. Game was In free supply and
■ quiet at the old quotations. ••-:.". -" -.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 2(J©23c per
lb;" Live Turkeys. 18Jf20c per tb: Geese, per
pair, $262 25; Goslings, $2 25^2 50; Ducks,
$5£j« r>er dozen for old and $U@7 for young;
; Hens, (i'til 30 for small and $5 50-36 for large;
young Roosters. $5 ftOQtf: eld Roosters, . $4®
I 4 .10; Fryers. $4 50®.'>; Broilers, $2 60@3 50;
Pigeons. $1 25: Squabs, $1 75@2.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. S2 50(ff:? 50 per dox
en: Canvasback, $;t'54: Teal, $1@1 25; Sprig,
1 $1 0CG2; Widgeon. $1 25-ffl SO; Red Heads. $2;
I small Ducks, *l@l r.O: Gray G;ese. $L'S?.'>;
White Geese, $131 SO; Brant, $l(g2; Honkers.
$3fj5: Snipe, $2 5i> lor English and $150 fo
. oommen: Doves. $1 25; Hare, $173: Rabbits.
i $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush. ■
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
Butter shows no further change, but some
houses are beginning to quote the market a
little top-heavy and Inclined to caslne««. and
such houses are shading the top quotation to
close and posted buyers. Stocks continue mod
erate. There is no charge in Cheese.
The situation in Eggs is rather unusual.
Some houses are taking advantage of the scar.
, city of fine* ranch and are reporting sales at
1 4214c Others.- expecting that :thc Christmas
I demand will -abruptly cease in a day or so.
land wishing to keep on good terms with their
; regular customers, are not asking over 40?.
Thus there are two sets of quotations for the
same class of goods. The market is undeni
ably firm. ■
1 Receipts were 22,800 lbs Butter, 4.19 cases
j Eggs and 5700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 25c for
I extras and 223}24c for lower to medium grades;
! dairy, -0©2.!c; cold storage.' nominal; store
! Butter, nominal: Eastern cubes, nominal; East
• trn ladle- packet I. 15@ltic. •
! CHEESE — Ilfil1>6c for choice mild new and
• l««(10>ic for oltl: cold storage, l«H4@llc: Young
• Americas, I2012'/-jc: Eastern, lCfiirJe per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 36<fjj40c for good to choice.
41J?42Vic for large white s.lected and 30®33c
for common; store Esxs, 2S®-l0c; cold Ftosatte.
I 25<§:i0c; Eastern. 20^2Sc for choice. 22fjf24c for
: standards and U'.ift-'ic for seconds.
Oeciduoiis and Citrus Fruits.
W«ather conditions Were xtill against trade
in Citrus fruits and a*ide from a limited de
mand for choice Navel Orantres for shipment
to ' Honolulu on the steamer Ventura, leaving
to-morrow, .there was very little doing in that
department of the market. The managers of
the auction company announced that the first
auction sale of Oranges would be hold on
January 4 and would be continued thereafter
on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays untJ!
further notice. There was continued steadiness
in Apples and all handlers reported the mar
ket tn fair shape and gradually cleaning up.
Shipments from the north have about ceased
and no heavy consignments are expected from
that eource until after January 10. Receipts
of Strawberries and Grapes were very light.
Two chesta of the former came In and sold
at $3 per chest, and a few crate* of Verdel
Grapes that came In early brought $1 75 pt.r
crate. ~TngP*|i
Cranberries are easy, as stocks are ample
and the demand In light. Another. car of Cape
Cod U» due to-day.
STRAWBERRIES— $5 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— $0811 per bbl for No. 1
and $0<8S for Inferior Eastern and $2 IZi'n'.i per
box for Coos Bay.
APPLES— 00cfc$l 25 per bcr for fancy and
5C©.S3c for common to choice; Lady Apples,
$1 25fi2 per box.
PEARS— Winter Nellls. |1 50® 1 75 per box;
cooking varieties, 5Uc(g$l per box.-
PERSIMMONS— 50iff(J5c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, Navels, $1®2 per
box: 'Seedlings. $7uc@$l: Tangerines. 75c for
nmall and si for large boxes; Japanese Man
darins, $l(?jl 25 per box; Lemons, $2 50@2 75
for fancy. $1 "S^'J 23 for choice and $1©1 50
for standards; Grape Fruit. $175@2 50: Mexi
can Limes, $4 per case; Bananas, $2®."! per
bunch for Central American and $1@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $1 Wti'.i per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nut.*, Kaisins, Honey.
• Chestnuts are higher.
FRUITS — Apricots. 6@llc for Royal* .and
l(i@12',ic for Moorparks: Nectarines, 6V4®SVic
for white and «>i@7«4c for Red; Peaches, 7%@
sajc per lb; Pears. fQVic; Plums, pitted. K®
(i'iiC for blacks, 7»,i<gS',ic for red and 76SHc
for yellow: Figs. 2-crown bricks. 50c; 3-crown.
60c; 4-crown. 60c; «-crown, C5c; bulk white,
2% ©3c; black, 2V6e3Hc; Evaporated Apples.
4(8 0c per Ibw
PRUNES — l%«jl?Je per lb for the four sizes
and 2 ',4c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial - clusters. $2 2."»Ti2 50: . Dehesa. $1 3ua
1 35; London Layers. S5c@|l: Loose Muscatels.
4-crown, 5@5'.4c: 3-crown, 4tac; 2-crown. 3©
3'^c: Seeded. 4%<QGc; Thompson's Seedless,
4U©4iic; Seedless Sultanas. :i'jic per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12© 13c; No.
2. lOi&llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c;
Almonds. 16®17c for Nonpareils 14©14Hc for
I X L, 13ii®14Vic for Nt» Plus Ultra and lie
for Languedoc; Peanuts. 0®7c for Eastern; Pe
cans. 11015c: Cocoanuts. $4 r.og.1; Chestnuts,
SV»©10c per lb for Italian. • . •■ - - ■ -, • ■
HONEY— Comb, 114@l:tc for white and 10©
lie for amber; wafer. white extracted, 5H@t>c;
light amber extracted, 5@0J4c; dark, 3@4^c. .
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Pro'.islons.
There 1* nothing new '. to ■ report. Trade Is
dull and devoid of feature.
C'c'AiJD MEATS— Bacon. 10!ic per lb for
heavy. lflUc lor light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14'fccfor eugar-cured;
dry. Salt Hides. 10cw Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured ■. Hams, 12 to. 14 lbs, 12Vic: 15 to
1U lbs. 12c;- 17 to 20 lbs,' ll%c; California
Hams, 11 «ic: ' Mess -Beef, $10^10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess.. $10 50?rii; . Family. 912912 50;
prime Mees Pork, $14 50; extra clear, $22;
Mess, $1C 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted ' at 6^4c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and -Be for pure; half-barrels, pure, U 14c; 10
lb tins. 9<>4c: 5-lb tins. OTic; 3-lb tins. 10c .
COTTOLENE— One . half barrel,, 8%c: thre*
hslf barrels. 9\$c; one tierce. 8%c; two'" tierces^
8Vic: five tierces. 8 »^c .per lb. .'.'*-■■■ ■*■/"'.<:'
Hides, Tallow, ( Wool s arid ■ Hops.
HIDES AND ! SKINS—Culls | and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. .-Heavy: salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. O'jeiCc; Cow
Hides. • 9%@10c -for heavy .and 0*4 ©10c for
light; Stags, ;7©7%e:- Salted Kip, 10^c:, Salted
.Veal. lieilHc: : Salted Calf,' lHi©12fcc;: dry
Hides/ 17»t 1 gii8c: dry. Kip.. 16c; dry Calf, 20c:
Sheepskins, shearlings. 25040c each: short
Wool, 69© 75c . each; medium; DOc^f! 10;- long
"Wool. $1250175: Horse Hide*. salt. $3 for
large and 42 50 for medium. $1 50(92 for small
and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 T5 for
large and $150 for medium, $1 for small, 5©s
for Celts* Buclc Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry
salted Mexican, 25c; dry Central American,
30c; Goat Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c: extra
large do, $1 25; large, 50c; medium. 35c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4%c per lb:
No. 2, 3%c: Grease. 2%63c.
WOOI*— Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern, *9illlc: Southern. -SSOc; -South-rn Moun
tain, 9®llc; Middle Counties, fre*. 12©14c:
do defective, 10«12c; Northern, free, 12«14c:
do defective, 10®12c; Hnmboldt and Mendo
clno. ie«rlSc per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 25628c per lb: 1005 crop.
17%*»1%:, with most grower! asking 20c
# . Meat Market.
DRESSED MEAT?
Wholesale rates from slaughters to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF — 6@7c for Stetrd and 4%G6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6%S«c; small, S©fl%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wetnew, 7©8%c; Ewes. 6%07%e
per lb.
LAMB— 9310c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%®8%e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered tn San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%©7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%<5«%c; thin Cows. 405c p*_tb.
CALVES— 4@4%c per lb (grdas flight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%©3%c; Ewes. $3e3%e
per lb -(gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50®2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 to 250 lbs. 4%<£N%c:
130 to 200 lbs. 5©5%c: 80 to 130 lbs. 4%$4Hc;
scft Hogs, not wanted; Bows. 20 per cent off:
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General 3IerchandIse.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5%®5%c spot and 6©
6%c for next year; Wool Bags, 3rxg32c; Fleece
Twine. 7%c.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wei-
Ungton. $8; Seattle. $6 5O; Bryant. $6 60:
Beaver Hill $5 50; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50:
Richmond, $8; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $'.» per ton; Coke. $11 50Q13 per
ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $S 50 per short ton.
Harrison's circular says: Since the steam
ship Sonoma left there have been but two ar
rivals of Australian Coal from Newcastle. N.
S. W.. viz.: Canrobert. 244B tons: Androme
da, 1856 tons; total, 4302 tons. - The liberal
arrivals during last month have fully supplied
the market for all immediate requirements of
Australian Coals, still the quantity on hand
should be largely consumed by the end of
January next. There are at present chartered
to load at Newcastle with Coal sixteen vessels
with a carrying capacity of about 40,000 tons,
and a large portion of this amount will not
be delivered here for four months to come.
As soon as our rainfall commences the demand
for all the Australian grades now in market
will be very generous and stocks will be freely
eaten Into: selling prices are steady and thwre
is no probability that any reduction will be
made before next summer. The present rates
of freight on Coal . from . Newcastle are very
firm, with no probability of any marked re
duction for several months to come; the de
mand for steam Coal Is almost entirely sup
plied by fuel oil. which Is being freely pro
duced 'at very low prices to the consumers.
The total amount of Australian Coal received
here this year Is about one-half th« quantity
which was delivered here In 1903 and this
will show conclusively the falling oft* of con
sumption of colonial fuel, which Is mainly to
be attributed to tbe free shipments of British
Columbian products, which are very popular
in -this market, and leave a generous profit
to the Importers. ' 0
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add .V;. Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
63c for raw; Castor Oil in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 WU\ 12: Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases, 65©
80c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 58e
Tor Ceylon and 65c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c; natural win
ter Sperm .Oil, 63c; extra bleached winter
Whale Oil, 57c; natural Whale OH. 02c; extra
winter strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil.
«5c; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil. 63c: light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring
Oil, 40c: Salmon Oil. 34c: boiled Fish Oil, 37c;
raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw
Paint OH. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
13c- Pearl Oif. in cases, 19%c; Astral. 10% c;
Star. 19%e; Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine. 26c;
Eocene 21 %c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 16c- in cases, 22%c; Benzine, In bulk.
13c: in cases, 19%c: 86-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c: In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE — 75c per gallon In cases and
60e In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7U©
7%c per lb: White Lead. 7',4@7%c; according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Suzar Refining Com
pp.ny quotes as follows per lb. In 100-lb bars:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.23c;.
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated, 6.10c; Drr
Granulated, fine. Cc; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
(ICO-lb bags only). 5.00c: Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.60c : Extra C. 3.50c: Golden C.
r>.40c: -"D." 5..'i0c: barrels.- 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags,
lOo'more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
«.50c: boxes. 6.73c; II. A E. Crystal Domino-.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Iteeclpts of Prodnce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 21.
Flour, qr sks. . .12.444|Mtddlinxs. sks ... 100
Wheat ctls 18.854!Feed. sks 22
Barley, ctls 57.2S7 Wool, bales 12
Oats, ctls l.OMIHay. tons .-.77
Corn, ctls 328! Wine, gals 79.900
Tallow ctls 2COlQuicksllver, flsks. 4S
Beans.' cks t,S74|Ume. bbls 27::
Potatoes sks ... . r ».345'Leather. rolls ... n«
Onion? sks I.UllPelts bdls 237
Bran, sks' 1.244|Hlde«. No 205
OREGON.
Wheat ctls 10.0CO!
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls ....12,300'
STOCK MARKET. .
Local Securities Flat, but Milling
Stocks Sell Freely.
Only 2i;n shares of stock sold on the Stock
and Bond - Exchange yesterday, most of the
business being done in bonds, and there was
.very little of that. The oil stocks continued
flat. The Comstock mining shares ruled firmer
on the day. with fair trading. The Tonopaha
sold vary freely, with. Montana Tonopah con
siderably higher.
The Savings and Loan Society has declared
a fcml-anminl dividend at the rate of -I"!
per cent per annum on all deposits, payable
January 2:
The Italian-American Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend at the rate of -IVa per
cent per annum on all deposits in Its saving*
department, payable January 3.
The Mechanics' Savings Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend at the rate, of "U per
cent per annum on all deposits, payable Janu
ary S.,
The Home.«take Mining Company of Scuth
Dakota has declared a regular monthly divi
dend of 25c per share, payable December 24.
The Gas Consumers' Association Is now pay
ing a regular < monthly dividend of 10c per
share amounting to $50G0.
The stockholders of the San Francisco Sav
ings Union have elected the following direct
ors., nominated some time ago: Henry F.
Allen. Wakefleld Baker, Jacob Bartb. Fred H.
Beaver W. C." B. de Fremery. William A.
Magee C. O. G. Miller. E. B.'Pond and Rob
ert Watt. The only change from the old board
was the election of Wakefleld Baker In place
of George C. Boardman. Officers for tbe com
ing year will be elected when the board meets
In January.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Alaska Packers, 75c;
Honokaa Sugar, lOr^ j
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. 21—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. A«k.| Bid. Ask.
4s qrlcoup-.tOfiftlOSSiUs qr cp new.131 13U4
4s qr reg...l05%105T;!3s qr coup... — lQ4fc
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Rs. — — Oak T Co 6s.l2O —
As«o Oil 5s. 84% Do 5s 113 114},
Bay CPC 5s.l01»i — Do con 5s.lO4VilD9
Cal C G 68.104 — Oceanic S 5s. 72 H 7314
Cal OiEi Om Cable C». 121
m & ct 5s. R4T» 85V*IPac G Im 4». — —
Cal-st C Ss.114 — IP E Ry 6s..lO4TilO5U
C C Wat 5«. — H9 IP 4 C H fls.104 —
EdL ft P «*. - 126 IP A OR 6s. — _,
F i C H 6s.ll5H — i Powell. st Bs. — —
Geary-st 5s.." — S5 : ISac BGAR5s.l01 102
H C&S"5Hs-lf'' — ! KF & SJV5s.llSM4 —
Do 5s 101% — (Sierra R 6s.. — _
Hon'RT 6s.lO«V4 — »8 P of A 6s
L AElec 5s.lO5 — I <1800> .....1O9?4 —
L A Ry 5s. .116% — O010) 110U —
L A L Co 6s — — S P of C «■ <■'
Do gtd Cs. — — n906)3r A. 101 1P1U
Do gtd 6S.104V* — O905)Sr B. — 108U
LAP lem Bs.101 — (1900) 104H —
Mkt-st C Cs.llfi — I <1012) . 114H —
Do lem 5s.llfi ll«5i:SPC 1 eg 6s. — _
MVft MtT5s.l05 110 I Do-8tampd.l03i;i08i;
NRR of CCs.lCWU — S P B R Cs.133 • 1S6
Do 5s — — S V Wat 6s.lO4Ti —
N P C R 5s.lC5li — Do 4s 2dm.lOOV4
N C Ry 5s.. — — Do 4s 3dm. «»% —
N C P C 5s. — — Do g mt«4s B7»i —
N S R R »i. 89 101 Stkn GAEfls. 93 —
OG LAH Cs. — 110 117 GA E 5S.102U —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 |UR of SF 4s. 87% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 26 ,' — JPcrt Costa..! —
Marin Co.... — . 5O?»|S V Wat Co. 38U
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. •3«i — S F G A U. S4K 86
Mutual <K L." 10 — stkn G & E. jii
PacL Co... 59% — U G A E Co. — ' —
INSURANCE. KEflBQB
Flrem's Fnd. — 310 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l30 '. — ■ 1/ p A A. ...152
Anglo-Cal .. RS »0 Mer : Trust.. .. — 23«
Bank of Cal.420 425 iMercii Ex.... 50
Cal Safe Dp.152 — [S F. National. — —
' SAVINGS . BANKS. '
'Ger'8 A L.2330 - iSav * L So.. - 1W
Hum S,& L.'— — isec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Ear. 09^ — lUcloa T Co.. — 8300
B F Pav U.810 675 I /
8TREET RAILROADS.
Caiirorsia ..200 — IPresIdla — «1
Geary ...... — 5« | .
POWDER.
Giant «2\ e3H|Vlgortt -.— 8 W,
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73 H "* IMakaweU C. — 'J.
Honokaa S C 18% — lOnomea S C. 32U S3
Hutch S P C 14H 15 iPaauhau a C. 20^ 20^t
Kllauesi S C. — « 1
MISCELLAXEOU3.
Alaska P A. 92 — lOceanio S Co. 8 6tt
Ca F C A. - »H;Pac Aur FA. 4^ —
Cal Wine- A. — 85 jPac C Bor*. — 18fH
M\A MtTm. 93 102 iPac S Tel CalOTUlSl
8ALES.
Morning Session.
Ifnnn 1 S r < : ou g tl «» Po*«r Co 5s.... 102 09
lA'J2X X!**! 6 s s c <> 5 P«r cent.... 72 50
*2'fi£! °^r*. n v C * S S Co 5 P' r c«nt....C3 00
$20,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 88 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Oceanic S S Co 9 00
$10 00S ft?L2 n £ el ,S" ? T 5 » er cent. .118 K4>
« 10,000 Lnlted RRofSFip«r cent. SS CO
$5,000 Cal G&j & El G M A r T (U ' in m
Sim C n *^ Ja « a J?om. G & M S ?gf r £
*o,000 Lnlted R R of 3 F 4 per cent. 83 09
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
SF Drdk 6s. 112 — ,3uttr-st R3s.lO4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS
Anser Bis Co — 90 iMat \'» rn. to
Cal Cot Mils 80 _ N CaJ P Co W
CalGAECor. 48 50^ OakBk^Sav liS
C Jock.y a.H0«H2u'oak T Con H ~~
Cal ShTc" 130 '^ '^ P H »» A «H =
Sal P & q T = 1 2 55 |S^- C » SJSI »«
Cnutes Co .. — « IParaf Paint la
City * C Bk - !20 S^ DrfdSck - OT
Cyp L Imp.. — ei4!SFASJ Coal 17U. S
g"tp7"»» - i»5 ■ * w.t c c«:i«J2 -
DptPwd com 40 — so ,». MT*hf if\
FX Bk, Oak.120 — |SwU* A Bk ft> ""
R**.^'- l^lTruck^ct:: 1^ « H
Frnch-A Bk.108 — (Union S Co. — 31
Do* La°" ~ l\ ' UR InC P" : «* «H
Do pool .. — 30 1 Do com ... 17 _
SALES.
Morning Session.
,2£ London & 8 F Bank 8» 00
120 United R R lav Co pfd!.".. MOO
Afternoon Session.
to v.l^i P v nt .i dB nwir9 (com) 50 00
Jv Nevada National Bank . . . Soo 00
10 united R_Rjnv_co_ P f<t:::::;«SSo
California Stock and OH Exrtuuu*.
A^L^r. Bi t 3
Associated Oil Trust C«rt!I 26 37
Caribou « «,, lArvk
Central Point Con ...... 70 W ft
Chicago Cruds 20 f'-a
Claremont " ZZ
Forty : ~& . ■»
Four ..< M » si 1
Hanford * to m
Ir,depend»nc» * i* "
5«n •■•••• 500 :::: •
! Kern (new) m
j Monarch of Arizona jo xn
Mcnte Crist* go
i Oil City Petroleum «7 **«i
I Senator 70 -
j Sovereign gt "~".
I Superior OS
! Twenty-eight 1
! SALES.
i Morning Session.
1 Board —
1000 Occidental r jt
800 Four Oil 55.
I Afternoon Session.
'■ Board —
\ lOOO Four Oil 53
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCJC EXCHANGE.
Following were the tales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
SOO Andes 1711500 Mexican .. 103
2CO Caledonia .... 4l| »OO Ophlr 3 15
4CO Chollar 22 300 Ophlr 3 21>
11CO Con Cal * V.I 40| 30O Sierra Nev.... 3S
ICO Exchequer ... 431 SOO Union Con 43
600 Justice 091 SOO Yellow Jacket. 14
200 Mexican l C«l
Afternoon Session — Comstocks.
200 Best ft Belch. 87j 100 Ophlr 3 40
ICO Caledonia .... 41J 500 Overman (A
200 Chollar 221 400 Potosi 15
100 Con Cal A V.I 50| 300 8avage 19
4CO Gould A Cur. 1S;3«SOO Sierra Ner 40
100 Hale A Norc.l 051 BOO Union Con 4/t
100 Mexican t 10| 10A Union Con.... 47
400 Mexican 1 1.V 10O Yellow Jacket. 1.1
10O Ophlr 3 S0( 600 Yellow Jacket. 1*
100 Ophlr 3 331
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10 lllJulIa C« fl*
Alta 04 0»: : . Justice 00 10
Andes 17 lSIKentuck 01 f2
Belcher > 17 18! Lady Wash ..02 01
Best A Belch. MJ M>!Mexican 1 H> T is
Bullion 21 23! Occidental ... 79 9o
Caledonia .... *» 4l!Ophlr S 5O 3 55
Challenge ... 19 20jOverman 07 09
Chollar 22 23!PotosI 14 IS
Confidence ... "«> SO|Pcorplon 10 11
Con Cal & V.IR0 1 MlSavage It) 20
Con Imperial. 01 C2!Seg Belcher... «; OS
Con N T 02 OftlSierra Nev.... 41 42
Crown Point.. 14 ISiSllver Hill.... to e,n
Eureka Con.. — SfiSt. Louis .... — YC
Exchequer .•• 4« 4S;3yndleate .... la Zi
E - Sierra Nev 03 C5 Union Con 47 49
Gould A Cur. IS 19'Utah "... 03 rt
Hale & Norc.l 05 1 15'Yellow Jacket. 14 IS
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning -Session. •
10O Cent. Eureka.l »:0M 50 Mont Toa...l 92%
500 Esderanza ... Oil SCO Ton Gold Mt. I»
V Afternoon Session.
30,0 Adams HjlOOO Sandstorm ..* 41
200O Bullfrog Min. ».u|100O Sandstorm ... 43
100 Gold Anchor. 2<>' loco Sandstorm ... 4S
1000 Ooldfleld 75! lCOu Silver Pick . : IS
1000 Jumbo . Ex . . 23! 50D Ton- Midway."; 34
1S0O MacNamara . 2313000 Ton N Star..'. . 2»
500 MacNamara . 2II2O0O Ton N Star../ 22
100 Mont Ton.. 2 t7'-!350O- Ton N Star... 20
20O Mont Ton ...2 13 looo Ton N Star... 21
1500 N Y Ton Con 1311 WX» Vernal Min .. It
40«> Ray A O'Brien 0«:2000 Vernal Min .. 13
1200 Sandstorm . . . 40|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
BldAsk.| Bld.Aik.
Ton of Nev.. » W) !» 73i Rescue wt> 07
Mont Ton . . .2 00 2 J7,Ton A Cal — 1<;
Ton Exten .. — 2 93 Ray A O'Brien OS t«
MacNamara . 22 2 ;| Paymaster ... 03 rtl
Ton Midway.. S3 XVMizpah Ex .. 13 V —
Ton Belmont.. «S 71! Little Ton .. — 39
Ton N Star... *» 21!Esperanxa 01 <K»
Ton Ohio CO 23'Gold Anchor.. 2r> ■ —
"West End ... 1-1 14!Quincy It —
Ton Gold Mt. IS 14IN Y Ton Con. 13 13
Goldfietd.
Sandstorm ... 42 45 Black Butt© .. W 13
Red Top .... IT l» T Booth G M... 10 —
Goldfleld Mhk 14 13 Blue Bull ... 13 2<»
Columbia 21 221 Adams 10 tl
Dlamondfield. — 25lRilveT Ptck ... — 19
Jumbo 87 «i>May Queen .. 1« —
Jumbo Ex .. 22 2& Nevada Boy.. 17 —
Vernal Min .. 14 15prig Bullfrog. — V.
Pennsylvania OH lOiBullfrog Min.. 53 —
Goldfleld .... 73 741 Blk Butte Ex 10 —
Kendall 20 24'South Western 60 —
Oakland 25 301
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1500 Bullfrog Min. 811 90O Sandstorm ... 41
40O Cent Eureka. .1 «*>! SOO Sandstorm ... .4O
45O Dixie Min ... 2OI250O Red Top \7
10OO Free Gold M. 14' 3OO Ton Belmont.. '. 71
100 Jumbo «! 20J» Ton Midway.. 34
2500 MacNamara . 23! 150 Ton of Nev.. 10 Oft
1000 MacNamara . 22' 1 SOO Ton N Star...
500 Mont Ton ...? 10'2Cr0 Vernal Min .. 12
Afternoon Session
lOOO Dixie Min ... 20I2C0O Rescus t&
1000 Gldfld Red L or.; 1C0 Rothwell G M. 70
400 Jumbo Wi! ltti SHnil«tf>nn ... 39
SOO Jumbo «l! 3CO Ton Belmont.. 7«>
MacNamara . 2-T 3500 Ton Midway.. 34
110O MacNamara . 241 40O Ton N Star.:. 23
SOO Mont Ton ...2 l.VoTK* Vernal Min .. 12
1000 Red Top III
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Afk.l Bld.AJk.
Adams M> — (Mlzpah Ex .. C1 —
Austin G M.. »> —'Mont Ton. .2 15 2 17H
Bla'-k Ants .. C* — IN»v Goliifleld. 10
Black Butte.. 17 M)S Y T Con M 14 13
Booth M Co.. 1O — [Paymaster ... 04 05
Bullfrcg Min. «0 — I Pa Goldfleld.. 1 10 11
Colehan — 171 Pine Grove .. 10 —
Columbia 20 —Ray Exten .. — 10
Dlamondfield. 23 —1 Ray * O'Brien — CS
DtxJe Min ... — 20!Red Top ..... 1* 19
Esperanza. ... 0t 021Re-cue Wt 0«
Free Gold M. t4 1 5: Rothwell G M. . l'» 50
Gld Crater Ex 1<> 20! Sandstorm ... 39 4O
Gold Anchor. 2O — ITon Belmont.. — T>»
Goldfleld BB1 — 071Ton A Cal — 20
Goldfleld Dnd — 19!Ton Cash Boy. «>« 1f»
Goldfleld Min. W» »0<Ton Exten ..2TO3M
Gldfld Red L 05 — ITonGoM ML; It. —
Goldfleld S Pk — ■ l*'Ton Midway.. XI SA
Goldfleld Ton. — 09|Ton of Nev.. 9 5rt 10 nr»
Gold Mt Con. — WTon N Star... 21 M
Haxel Kirk .. — 12!United Ton .. — 15
Jim Butler'.. — SOiUtopIa 10 ~^
IJttle Ton .. 33 43'Vernal Min .. 11 —
Lucky Bldwn «5 10|West End ... — : 20
MacNamara . 21 23' , .
• INSOLVENT GROCEB. — W. E. For— ood.- a
gmcer of Acampo. tiled a petition la insolv.ncy
yesterday In the United States District Court.
Be owes f 105© and has $330 assets.
1516
XEWMAX & LEVINSON.
V Our p=
CHRISTMAS
GLOVE ORDERS
Are easfly purchased gifts — You don't have
to know the size or color of glove when
buying an order. The recipients make their
own selections when they choose — and if
gloves are not desired, the # order will be
accepted at any department in the store.
We also issue MERCHANDISE ORDERS for any
amount, good in all departments at any time.
Kearny and Sutter Streets s^=
FRITZ IS CITED
FOR CONTEMPT
In the legal game being played in the
courts between the Police Department
and the Chinese gamblers three moves
were made yesterday en behalf of the
Orientals. Superior Judge Sloss cited
Police Judge Fritz to show cause why
he should not be punished for contempt
for violation of a writ of certiorari; an
application was made to Judge Cook
for a writ of habeas corpus for the re
lease of Yee Gong, who was let out on
1100 bail; Yee Gong sued Chief of Po
lice Wittman for $25,000 damages for
false arrest.
In the matter of Judsre Fritz's alleged
contempt, the affidavit was made by
Chin Kim You, cne of the eighty-three
Chinamen who were arrested in the po
lice raid of the gambling joints in Chi
natown. The prisoners deposited $8300
in bail, which Judge Fritz declared for
feited upon their failure to appear
personally in his court. Then, on De
cember 17, Attorney George D. Collins
secured a writ of certiorari from Judge
Sloss in which Judge Fritz was pro
hibited from proceeding further with
the cases pending the hearing on the
writ to-morrow. When the writ was is
sued bench warrants for the arrest of
Ihe Chinamen were in the hands of
Chief Wittman. and it is declared that
Judge Fritz refused to recall them
and the Chief said that he would make
service regardless of the prohibition.
The citation against the Police Judge
for contempt was made returnable on
January 6. Yesterday afternoon Mr.
Collins had not had it served, and said
that he understood that Judge Fritz
noukl revoke the bench warrants, in
which event the contempt proceedings
mav not be pushed.
Yee Gong, the plaintiff in the dam
age suit, was arrested on one of the
bench warrants on Tuesday by Offi
cers Ellis and Minnehan upon the
statement of two members of the Chi
nese Educational Society that he is one
of the men taken in the raid. Judge
Cook released him on $100 bail and
made the writ of .habeas corpus return
able Saturday.
Special Xotlae.
CoL Andrews' Diamond Palace will be
open every night this month. Finest
etock of diamonds in city at the very
lowest possible prices, 221 Montgomery
street, Kuss House block. •
Gertrude Mernin Gets $2000.
Dr. B. B. Cory, a dentist, must pay
Gertrude Mernin $2000 as damages for
injuries suffered by her through the
alleged unskillful extraction of a
tooth. There is much conflict of evi
dence as to the dentist's responsibility
for the young lady's sufferings, but the
lower court decided in her favor and
the Supreme Court finds no reason to
order a new trial.
Because It reproduces accurately all the mu
elc of the world, both vocal and Instrumental,
the Victor Is the Rreat»>« mus-ical instrument.
Sherman, Clay & Co.. Pacific Coast agent. •
Convicted of Minor Offense.
John McCormick. a sailor, was tried
before a jury in Judge Dunne's court
yesterday on a charge of grand lar
ceny and the jury brought in a verdict
of petty larceny. He will be sen
tenced on December 28. McCormick
stole 52.55 from F. W. Smith, a sailor,
in a saloon at 159 East street.
Plno'a Core for Connnmptlon gives
relief In cases of Coughs and Cold. 25c. •
SWEDISH CLUB TO ENTERTAIN.— The
Swedish Pleasure Club will give a Chrletma«
entertainment and ball Saturday evening at
Sciindia Hall. The event will last all nirht
The usual Christmas tree will be there and
ecrordir.* to the old custom In Sweden danc
lr.p around the Christmas tree will be -one of
the features.
dft IRARDBI/I/1 3 3
A delicious sweet for
the Christmas Tree "
Gst them from Confectioners ana Grocers, .'
10c 25c
MRS. MONNIER
OPENS DEFENSE
After many postponements and de
lays George D. Collins, counsel for the
defense in the Monnier will contest,
opened his side of the case yesterday
morning in Judge Graham's court.
The first witness was the daughter of
Mary E. Darling, who said that her
mother adopted George Monnier Jr.,
then known as Charles D. Dewey, and
that she did not believe that George
was in any way related to the elder
Monnier. Dr. J. Albert Bourne gave
expert testimony as to the cause or
Monnier's death and ascribed it to
mental excitement causing cerebral
apoplexy.
At the beginning of the session
Judge Graham overruled three mo
tions made by Attorney Collins and
submitted the issues involved to the
jury. One was the request by Col
lins to strike out all testimony relat
ing to the illegitimacy of George Mon
nier, as the adoption record introduced
by the contestant precluded the testi
mony. Collins also moved that all tes
timony regarding the alleged state
ments of the elder Monnier as to what
he Intended doing for his son be
stricken irom the record.
Jessie Frances Siblette, the daugh
ter of Mary E. Darling, was the first
witness called by the defense. She
proved very aggressive when cross
examined by Attorney Sullivan, mak
ing several sharp retorts and from
time to time appealed to the court to
protect her from answering the ques
tions asked by Sullivan.
Mrs. Siblette testified that her
mother brought the contestant, then
known as Charles D. Dewey, to her
house when he was 2 years 6 months
old. She admitted that she had left
her employment in Los Gatos to come
to the court to prevent falsehood, as
she characterized the testimony that
young Monnier was the illegitimate
son of the elder Monnier. She also
admitted that her mother was known
as Mrs. M. E. Meecham at the time
she signed the adoption record as
Mary E. Darling and that later she
addressed letters to her mother as Mrs.
M. E. Ferrea.
In the afternoon Mrs. Monnier was
called to the stand by Collins and told
of the early life of George Monnier Jr.
and his adoption into the family. She
said that at no time had the elder
Monnier told her that George was his
illegitimate son.
Sullivan attempted to prove that
Mrs. Monnier had taken letters, sent
by her to George while in Europe,
from the son's trunk at the time she
had the young couple ejected, but the
witness denied any. knowledge of the
whereabouts of the letters. The case
will be continued this morning at 10
o'clock.
Murine Eye Remedy. A home cure for
Eye troubles. Wins friends. Used for In
fant and adult. Murlne doesn't smart. •
PREPARES TO PURCHASE.— City Attor
ney Long yesterday issued a statement to the
♦■ffect that the work of acquiring: the parks and
public playgrounds provided for in the recent
bond Issue is being rapidly pushed forward.
Within the past few weeks the owner* of the
property to be taken have all been ascertained,
anl final arrangements are now being made to
bring about a transfer of their Interests to the
city.
Have it printed by Kdward Knowles Com
pany, 21 Second atreet. near Market. •
ADMITTED TO THE BAR. — Oakland Dee
21.— Harold F. Mills of East Oakland has suc
cessfully pasted his examinations and been ad
mltte.; t" the ba: of California.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American, $2 75 box 25. •
BURGLAR STEALS PURSE.— Oakland
Dec. 21. — A burglar to-day stole a purse and
f20 from W. H. Hy land's residence, 8823
Grove street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE -SAN.-.. FRANCISCO. -CALL,-- THURSDAY, DECEMBER 22. 1904.
ART DISCO URAGEMENT
DEPLORED BY HAWKER
A r%ested for Selling Clay,
Images Without License'.
Derides Spirit of Materialism Re
flected by Ordinance.
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Signor J. Palechi's hair flicked lila
velveteen shoulders as with head
aback he derided the public lack of
art appreciation reflected by his ar
rest for hawking clay statuettes with
out license. It was a sad commen
tary on the vaunted culture of this
community, he averred; that no dis
crimination is shown as between the
peddler of fish or vegetables and the
vender of articles promotlve of esthet
ic taste.
"Whatta da use," he demanded, "of
da artist trya ta maka da leev if he
peenched when he no hava da lice?
Ha, ha! Itta maka me seeck."
It was Signor Palechi's second ar
raignment on the charge of violating
the license ordinance, the first one
having resulted in his dismissal with
a warning, a fact of which he was
gently reminded by Police Judge Mo
gan.
"Malatesta," was the rejoinder.
"Whatta da diff, eh? Sella da stat
no maka da mon lack sella da feesh.
Catena da feesh — maka da stat, eh?
Paya da lice an' be brok alia da time,
eh? Ha, ha!. Notta mooch! No,
sare!"
.The Judge explained that; his func
tion was not to make laws or repeal
them, but to aid in the enforcement
of such laws as were operative. Re
grettable as was the non-exemption of
art works from taxation by license,
such taxation must be obeyed by the
court until it Is wiped from the or
dinance book.
Inquiry developed the information
that Signor Palechi's endeavor to ele
vate the art standard of this mater
ialistic city consisted of his manufac
ture at home and offering for sale
abroad miniature plaster images of
personages famed universally or lo
cally. His collection of molds en
abled him to turn out exact counter
feits of Napoleon Bonaparte, Mrs.
Carrie Nation, Garibaldi, Young Cor
bett, William J. Bryan, Agulnaldo and
May Irwln. He was preparing casts
of "Battling" Nelson and Mrs. Chad
wick, but was uncertain as to whether
he would finish the former.
Case continued till January 6.
• » •
i Aftermath of the Britt-Nelson com
bat and its effect upon a mercurial
public' temperament was visible in
three of the departments, Judge Con
lan being the only member of the
magisterial quartet rriio was not re
minded of the great battle.
Judge Fritz had the cse of Michael
Alden, a little Swede, who bet and lost
on Nelson and then was twitted on
his lack of discretion until, he as
sailed two of his tormentors. "Ay
ban feel-an sore," he informed the
court, "an' two fel-lahs yust talked at
may till ay yumped them an' was
pinched." He was fined $5 for fight
ing. '
Frank Johnson, also of Scandina
vian birth and predilection, was fined
a like sum by Judge Cabaniss for dis
turbing the peace of a Market-street
car on which he was riding ferryward
after the fight. So provoked was" he
by the exultation of certain Britt par
tisans that he smote one of them and
was in a fair way of being slaugh
tered when the policemen rescued
him. "Ay ban one fole toe bet," he
said, "an' ay bay one odder fole toe
fight."
Nels Nelson lost this month's wages
because of the great little Dane's in
ability to beat the native son, and then
he borrowed $2, which . he spent for
intoxicants until he was so drunk that
he offered to tie one hand behind his
back and with the free member en
gage Patrolman Curtis in any style
ot boxing the officer might nominate.
He was dismissed by Judge Mogan.
"I had a hunch that Britt would
win," said Miss Nora O'Connor to
Judge Mogan, "and had $20 ready to
bet on him when Lena Larsen told me
the fight was fixed for Nelson to get
the decision. Well, Judge, you know
how the scrap ended and I guess you
can Imagine my feelings. I may have
taken a few. drinks, but I was not
looking for Lena and telling everybody
I was going to kill her. Anybody who
was in the dance hall before this 1 po
liceman came in can tell you that I
was feeling too sore to say anything."
Miss O'Connor was permitted to
wear off her sickness of spirit In free
dom. .
Robert Erskine was watching the
newspaper bulletins from the ringside
and commenting thereon, his criticism
being freely punctuated with expec
torations upon the bystanders as well
as the roadway, when Patrolman
Krack snaked , him out of the inter
ested throng and booked him for vio
lating the anti-spitting ordinance. Dis
missed by Judge Fritz.
Thomas Brennan, a race horse
fancier, went out to the ocean beach
to ascertain how Britt looked and felt
on- the eve or battle and found; the
shifty lightweight '• splashing in the
surf, while a great throng, divided as
to sex, stood and admired. Disrobing
on the spot and neglecting to don a
bathing costume, Mr. ' Brennan ; leaped
intoi the billows to an accompaniment
of feminine screams | and >waa disport
ing . in a way that ; eclipsed James • Ed
ward's best natatorial stunts when a
policeman happened along, and, for ob
vious reasons, arrested him. Mr.
Brennan did not appear when his
name was called in Judge Cabaniss 1
court and the $50 bail which he had
deposited has gone to the municipal
ity's enrichment.
Mrs. Rose Belletti, about 40, buxom
and decently dressed, was accused .of
shoplifting at the Emporium and the
arresting policeman told Judge Mogan
that her digital dexterity might be en
vied by Herrmann the Great or any
other professional prestidigitateur. She
had 'been detected in the act of palm
ing a ring in Hale's, the officer said,
before she visited the Emporium and
palmed a silk handkerchief. Her at
torney asked for a jury trial and its
dcte will be set to-day.
Charles Reynolds and Lester Selig,
young fellows, had "lifted" a number
of gloves and silk handkerchiefs in
the establishment of Caspar Rainer.
811 Market street, when they were
caught and turned into custody. Judge
Cabaniss gave them five months
apiece..
John Keenan's brother Pat swore to
abstain from the touching, tasting or
handling of intoxicating fluids for a
period of sixty days, the oath being
suggested by Judge Cabaniss and ad
ministered by Clerk "Barney" Conlan
in open court. Pat apparently did not
relish the pledge, but accepted it as the
lesser of two discomforts, as it was the
prescribed alternative of his serving
two months in jail, where he would
be obliged to practice total abstinence,
anyway.
It was for rudely invading John's
shoer*»J<er shop, at the Potrero, that
Pat found himself accused of. disorder
ly conduct, Including battery. John
was quietly pursuing his vocation
when Pat burst in upon him like a
whooping cyclone and began to cast
implements of his brother's craft and
boots and shoes left for repair through
the door to the street. John arose from
his stool and ventured expostulation,
whereupon Pat picked a lid from a hot
stove and hurled it with accurate
aim at John's eye. What other out
rages he would have committed if a
policeman had not fortunately arrived
in time to prevent them John was un
able to surmise.
"I have already sentenced you to one
thirty-day term and one,, fifteen-day
term, both for peace disturbance," said
the Judge to Pat, "and now I suppose
it is my duty to double the largest pre
vious dose by giving you sixty days."
Whereupon the complaining brother
expressed hope that the court would
try some reformatory experiment other
than imprisonment, which seemed to
have no deterrent effect upon Pat's
penchant for drinking to excess. "Why
don't your Honor make him take a
pledge of temperance?" John sug
gested.
"'Tisn't a bad idea," responded the
Judge. "Barney, swear him off ' for
two months."
After the ceremony John and Pat
shook hands and left the courtroom to
gether. .
Frank Alquist of 245 Steuart street
ADVERTISEMENTS. . '
Don't simply, "get a bottle
of cough medicine." Get
Good cough medicine. Ask
your druggist for
Irish Moss Cough Balsam
and you will have the* best,
the kind that cures in a day.
It costs you no more than
the thousand and one un-
k no wn kin ds th at the dealer
tries to sell you because of
larger profits;- ;
LAST APPEALS
MADE TO JURY
Dolbeer Will Contest to Be
Submitted To-Day, After
Court Gives Instruction
MISS WAEEEN IN TEAKS
McEnerney Eloquently Tells
of the Deep .Regard Ber
tha Dolbeer Had for Her
The Dolbeer will caw is all over but
the verdict of the juryJJLThe attorneys
closed their oratorJ^#»jKprts yester
day afternoon andfth^mthrnlnff Judsre
Coffey will give; the" final "Instructions
to "the eleven |5.men;{ tried i and true.
When one of the . jurqrs avas . excused
early in the trial becaus^ of illness It
was agreed, by < couuser|to W forward,
for nine votes are sufficient for a ver
dict. -;/ ..
In his closing appeal yesterday after
noon Garret \V. McEnerney soared into
eloquence in describing. ;the>. affection
felt by Bertha Dolbeer for Miss Etta
Marion Warren. He said that the tes
tatrix was actuated ' by sane and
worthy motives in , bestowing her
bounty on the woman' whom she de
scribed in> her testament as "mv de
voted friend," and whom John Dolbeer
solemnly designated in his will as "a
member of my family." Miss Warren
gave way to tears when the attornev
spoke his feeling words. Reflned
womanhood had fortified her manv
days during the ordeal of the trial and
through the words of reproach by op
posing counsel. But she could contain
herself no longer when McEnerney
touched the depths of the affection for
the girl now dead, whom she had cared
for from childhood and reared throueh
the years to womanhood.
To drive home his point that there
was every consideration (ft proDrietv.
of love, of reasonable impulse, and of
the motives that usually go to the
making of bequests, 'McEnerney very
effectively quoted from the transcript
the declarations that the witnesses
said Bertha Dolbeer had made to them
concerning Miss. Warren.
OVERWHELMING, TESTIMONY.
To Harry Holbrook she said: "I hope
I shall live long. enough to pay back
in some small way Miss Warren for all
her kindness and all of her goodness to
me." . ■
To Miss Helen F. Wagner Miss Dol
beer declared 'that Miss Warren would
always be well provided for bv her. •
To William P. Horn, who called on
her after the death of her father. Miss
Dolbeer said "she still had Miss War
ren."
To Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase
Miss Dolbeer had said, in speaking: of
herself and Miss Warren. "We are like
two sisters in one family." "
To Redick McKee Duperu the testa
trix said she thought Miss Warren was
the best friend she ever had in the
world, except her father.
To Miss Ethel Hager: "Miss Warren
went a-wooing Miss KIttie O'Connor at
the Ferry Hotel on East street, and
after an agreeable tete-a-tete and a
tender leave-taking he missed three $5
gold pieces which were in one of his
vest pockets when he commenced
courting. With reluctance, he arrived
at the conclusion that Kitty had pil
ft-red the coins, and his suspicion was
verified when two of the golden disks
were found concealed In her back hair,
which was arranged in a Maxlne Elliott
puff. The third V could not be dis
covered by the searching policeman,
however, nor would Kittie furnish him
with a clew to Its whereabouts, so she
was arrested and charged with petty
larceny. More testimony will be heard
to-morrow, by~ Judge Mogan.
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
' t • >
■ i I Co I I?5l " .
'\ ■>,- THE HONOR !
* * *^"
',[ V<; ■ OF THE '■' tl
I GRAND !
PRIZE j
ii AT THE ST. LOUIS *
! i : EXPOSITION HAS %
;[ ' ■ BEEN AWARDED j;
I Hunter j
jWhisKeyf
'.' FOR THE HIGHEST ORDER OF ]'.
I? MERIT IN ALL THE ELEMENTS V
' ; [ ; OF A PERFECT WHISKEY ( j ;
'f HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.. "■'
' • 13A-U4 Second St., San Francisco, Ccl •
. • , Telephone Private 31*. J « .
<
MOTOR|- CYCLES
■ . Are Becomlnsr
; . ; Popular '*.', „
Especially the a H.P.
g^£> CALIFORNIA
yjfSSESS^ll None So Economical
§<^mM Price $185
£$SJ&$Wn^ New Bicycle* at
Reduced Price*.
Sf /; S17.5O. $20. $22 £0.
yyf ■ X"^Ss Send for Liit oi
\£m . . 2nd-Haad < ■ Bicycles.
'. 307-3CHLARK1N <rrfi^» ....... »._.—.■; — ,.-
HALE'S.
Santa Claus Bulletins
Few Gift Hints From Hale's
It's hurry time. Three more shopping days. To-day's news
may help you finish your gift-buying to-day. Especially this
morning if you wish to avoid a great part of the enthusing whirl,
which tires some folks. Christmas everywhere. Even a Christ-
mas postoffice, rear main floor, where you can register and mail
your packages. V. ;.
!~* • . . « rr* There Is comfort and ease for him In
First the Toys A Smoking Jacket
And books and games. Nearly There Is more satisfaction for you
4.,,,_, n ° a . • «,i In giving him the pattern that pleasea
tWO floors, Overflowing, Spill him most. You can choose it here
our <;nm#» c\1 tti»> Vioct flirictma* from a splendid variety at from 83.75
out some OI tne Dest UnriStmas t(> 81000> " They're made of all-wool
news yet, tO-day .1?;. -i cloth, plaid pockets and cuffs, with silk
" * cord trimming.
At50c-*The Night Be- c ~Z m i
fore Christmas" P T 0X f s f
in a book with lots of pretty ptc- Pretty Useful uiits
tores. In many colors. It has a fine The prettiest that are here will
binding and heavy paper. The pub- u. t a k»n fir«t to dav Vr>n ran hive
Usher's price was $1.50. Just in DC taken tirst to-day. 1 ou can nave
time for the Christmas stocking. 60o. them if you will be first.
Aw-». ■ . ' _i v - <l n~ Collar and cuff boxes, 50o to $3.25.
DlaCkbOard at 95C Necktie boxes. 50c to $3.25.
fl ? t h tL 1S^m d rr1m% nd 'oSSfiEJf 0^ SSdkShftf^i'fSb to $2.73.
o 1 a B e , S£ me tlme - Others 35c « 45 ° In celluloid, fancy wood and
ana gi.25. . burnt wood.
An Air Gun for 48c o o
That shoots a rubber ball and Notice
shoots it straight and far. but is
absolutely harmless. w e will Deliver Free All Pur-
A Tea Set at $1.10 chases amounting to $5.00
Fifteen pieces, with dainty floral or more to any railroad or boat
decorations and gilt edges. Big shipping point within too miles
enough for the little girl to use. , rr C A r c
Suggestive of dozens of other equal- /rom San /•ranasco.
ly economical sets from 25c to $7.50. q q
Spend a Jew mm- GlVe a Hale GlOVe Order Bring the Chtl-
utes in >Mr- >gr dren to
Santa Claui 1 Art tfis.l&/^3v /¥/ a* Cni Cmh Pli,.»
Gallery JStiSt ML& £$*£ **&!& ' 3US
It's interesting. £ff Jgp <Mf%Br *G& llfe^' jgapy 4th floor. Morn-
Nearly 5000 brig- ffl _S^^O»iraSi>5sZs^ ' *"& Sf a / igr »oons
inal pictures of ' "^ fcs^— -~^ and evenings. No
I Santa with verses \ Market j£££ Neaf sixth> g p | candy. j
has been mother, sister and brother to
me. She has been with me since I was
a little girl and has always looked out
for me. I consider myself most for
tunate in having her."
To Miss Alice Hager: "I am more
fortunate than any' one will ever know.
I can never thank Miss Warren for
what she has done for me."
Miss Grace Spreckels testified that
Miss Dolbeer and Miss Warren were
like sisters.
To Addison G. Mlzner, Miss Dolbeer
said at the time of her father's death:
"I do not know what I should do with
out Miss Warren. She has been moth
er, sister and brother to me, and now
she Is to take the place of my father
as well. Miss Warren is the only one
who is near and dear to me in the
world." .:.\
And to Mrs. Phillips, Miss Dolbeer
had declared: "Well, auntie, I am used
to Miss Warren and she Is used to me."
McEnerney named the long list of
witnesses that had been called by pro
ponents to tell of their observations of
Bertha Dolbeer and to give the opinion
that she was of perfectly sound mind.
It would have been impossible, he as
serted, for any signs* of melancholia to
escape all of them. To offset the ex
pert testimony adduced, the proponents
had brought Dr. Herzstein forward,
who conversed with the testatrix for
two hours in Paris and never noticed
a sign of failing mentality. . V-i
MISS WARREN'S ATTITUDE.
As to the fact that Miss Warren was
not called as a witness, of which con
testant's . counsel had declaimed much,
McEnerney said the proponents did not
wish to place her on the stand to be
baited for several days by Johnson.
There could be no other outcome than
charges that her testimony was un
worthy Of belief if it was not favor
able to the cause of contestant. Furth
ermore, the way for admission of a
flood of depositions taken In New York
would be opened if her testimony were
allowed and the trial would be inter
minable.
The policy has been pursued as was
the juridical system in this country till
1865 of closing the witness stand to any
party in Interest. The case could be
proved all the more satisfactorily by
disinterested witnesses, declared Mc-
Enerney, and as such testimony was
abundantly available the proponents
chose this course.
McEnerney did not pay much atten
tion to the testimony of Mrs. Elizabeth
C. Phillips, the most important witness
for the contestant and the only one
who testified that Bertha Dolbeer was
of unsound mind. The showing that
had been made as to her efforts to force
Miss Warren to disgorge $15,000, to be
added to her bequest of $10,000, was
sufficient for the jury, he said. Mc-
Enerney continued as follows:
No . man can say whether Miss Dolbeer's
death was ; accidental or a ruiclde. She left
no evidence of a purpose to take i her own
life. ' She had - written to San Francisco that
she would soon return home. She started from
Paris with the intention of returning home.
In New York she drew $S0O on a letter of
credit to pay for the tickets to San 'Fran
cisco. She called the morclna: before her
death at the' railroad office to engage reserva
tions on the train. The day of departure had
been fixed. In every way did Bertha Dolbeer
sanely make arrangements for ' the trans
continental trip to San Francisco.
The only evidence produced to show that
this younK woman committed suicide Is the
belated testimony, of Alfred Armand. who
deposed that he saw her "walk out of the
window of the alrahaft. appearing to him as
If making her way out upon a roof garden."
The contestant in his opening statement said
he would prove that Bertha Dolbeer suffered
from insomnia continually, but when the wit
ness stand was opeced not a bit of evidence
to this • effect was. flrthcominff. On the con
trary we have proved sufficiently by the evl
dfnee of Miss Grace Spreckels alone that
Bertha Dolbeer did not so suffer. You will
remember that Miss Spreckela told of the visit
of a oarty to Menlo and of the days of ex
citement. ,Yet Bertha Dolbeer slept soundly.
says Miss ; Spreckels. ■ who occupied the same
room with i her cne night. The following night
they slept>m separate rooms and on , Inquiry
by the witness .the next morning Miss Dolbeer
said she had passed a restful night. -
This failure of the contestant to prove! the
assertion' made in the. open tng : statement . la
but' one of the many pretensions that have
flimsy foundation In his case. ■ .
L Johnson's final appeal to the jury
was ] about an hour long and he went
over ground largely covered in .his
opening address. He again made much
of the allegation that powerful Influ
ence aided and abetted Miss Warren
in the case.. .
Sllllcus— What Is your Idea of the
HALE'S.
pursuit of happiness? Cynlcus — To
sprinkle salt on its tail, my boy.
AD VERTIS E3IEXTS.
mjiUvM I Q B 1 fit 1
39 STOCKTON ST.. WEAK MASZIT
TELEPHONE MABf 6522
From an immense Una of fine groceries
at low (inures we mention but a few her*
with our
CHRISTMAS GREETING.
THURSDAY. PSIDAY A2TD SATUR-
DAY SFSCZAXiSl
Boney Lake Creamery Butter. .*g. 3Gc
Fetalcma Cold Storage Eg-g-a. .doz. 89c
Every egK guaranteed. ■
Kona Coffee. Roast or Ground.. lb. 3Oc
Thta fpeciai watched for by all coffee
lovers. Res:. 25c.
Cape Cod Cranberries. ...per at. 12 4c
Xothins finer crown.
Italian Chestnuts per lb. 15c
Home-aiade Mince Meat.. per lb. 12 ! : c
Clean and wholesome.
Mixed Nuts. 1 per lb. 15c
'Walnuts. Almonds. Brazils, t'ecans, Fll-
- berts. all best quality. Reg. 20c.
Table Kaisias. in dusters, .per lb. 15©
Res-. 2uc.
Ensrllsh Trait Cake. . . . .1-lb. vXZ. 35o
Sample It at the store. Reg. 33c
Largre WMte Asparagus . . . per tin 35c
& & W. or Red ltibbon brand. Reg. 3uc.
Plum Pudding-. 1 3. 3. 4 lb. cans —
Special 22c, 4Oc. 55c. 73c
Reg Me. 4.V. i;5c. JtOe
Richards & Robinson or Gordon- & Dill-
worth.
Trench Mixed Candy per lb. 35c
The b«st candy made. Why pay more?
Navel Oranffes per doz. 30c
Good size and quality.
A fair quality at 20c per dot.
Family Bourbon. ..bot. 60c; aral. S2.50
R*s. 73c. $3.00.
O. X. Bourbon bot. 75c; jral. $3.00
Reg. 11.00. H-CO.
Kermltav* Bye bot. 90c; ral. 84.0O
Reg. 11.25. ?5.C0.
California Brandy, .bot. 75c; ral. $3.00
Reg. $1.00. $4.00.
Sweet Wines bot. 25c; ral. 31.00
Reg. 35c. $1.50.
Port. Shtrry. Angelica and Muscatel.
Bunmndy. Golden Bieslinr. . . ral. 60c
Reg. 75c.
Eastern Sweet Cider per ral. 4Oo
Reg. 50c.
All our wines and liquors selected with
the greatest care for purity and excel-
lence for the holiday trade.
Full line of CORDIALS and CIGAP.3.
Salt...
Why? Why not rat % reliable Salt
for your table? Why not tret an ab-
solutely pur. Salt? W&y not ret a
Table Salt that Is sterilised* THen
yon must cat Iieslle sterilised Salt.
Contain! no Impurities whatsoever.
Shades freely. I» of great atrtngta.
' The quantity of the food taken is not
the measure of its nourishment. The
quality is what counts. Many babies
take large quantities of food and get a
small amount of nourishment. Mel-
: lin's Food babies take a small quan-
tity of food and get a Urge amount
of nourishment. Send for our book
" Mellin's Food Babies."
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS*-'