THE WEATHEK.|\!v*v "rTrj
' •"' ' J
Forecast made at Ean FrandioO/tor 1
thirty hours «ndlnr midair fct, 1 Decera-
Ean Francisco and vicinitr— Fsir
Wednesday; ll^ht east wind*. '
A. O. McADIE,
District Forecaster. I
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 14.
MINNEAPOLIS SUFFERS HEAVILY BY FIRE
uhree jCi'ves jCost and Valued 'at $our 97ftllton Cottars /Destroyed
Great Business Blocks
Are Given Over to
St. Panal Seeds Assistance
High Wind and Zero Weather Im
pose Hardship Upon the
Firemen.
MINNEAPOLIS. Dec. 14.— Three men
•were killed— two firemen and one citi
*en. the latter by a live wire— and
four million dollars' worth of
property was destroyed by a fire in
the business district of Minneapolis,
which started at 10 o'clock last night.
At 2 o'clock this (Wednesday) morn-
Ing the conflagration was only par
tially under control.
The firemen seem to have the flames
confined to three burning buildings,
two of which are ruined and a third,
the Powers department store, the larg
est in the city, damaged by water and
fire to the extent of one or two million
dollars.
Because cf the dense smoke, it was
almost Impossible to gain access to the
burring buildings. The heat is intense,
despite the zero weather prevailing.
The fire will, it seems, burn itself out.
as the firemen are confining their ef
forts to the surrounding and adjoining
property, -vhich is still in danger.
In the front of the burning Boutell
Brothers' building there stands a street
car totally demolished by a falling
electric light pole, from which several
live wires were burned. Only one man
was reported killed by these wires,
though several were stunned— how se
riously is liOt known. '
Without do-ubt the conflagration is
the mcst disastrous that has ever_i'isiLT
ed this city, in the loss of life and
property, striking the rirhest and larg
est firm? of the city. All business was
suspended in the newspaper row when
it seemed the entire block would be
consumed, but now that the fire has
been placed partially under control
work has been resumed and the morn
ing papers will appear as usual.
• CAMELS WANTED
BT THE MINERS
Are to Search the Deserts of
Nevada for Animals Form
erly Used by Government
Erxclk." D:er>at^»i to The Call
RENO, Dec. 13.— A party of men
passed through this city yesterday en
route to Tonopah and Goldfield, where
they will endeavor to organize a com
pany to capture the camels upon the
deserts in Southern Nevada and use
them in packing freight between Tono
pah, Goldfield and other mining campa
In that section of the State. There
are no railroads and very few teams in
the mining districts and it is thought
the camels will supply the means of
transportation better than anything
else.
There are a large number of camels
running wild near Tonopah and could
easily be captured. The camels were
brought to Nevada in 1S54 by Major
Henry C. Wayne, acting under orders
from the United States Government. It
was thought that they would be bet
ter than horses and they were used
for years in carrying wood from the
mountains to the Virginia mines and
ealt from Washoe City to Virginia
City. It Is said that they would carry
half a cord of wood at a time and that
in carrying ealt from Washoe City
they would carry 800 pounds twenty
miles a day for a distance of 200 miles.
NEW OPERA SCORES GREAT
HIT IN GERMAN CAPITAL
Leoncavallo's "Dcr Roland Von Ber
lin" Wins the Crown Order
for Him.
BERLIN. Dec. 13.— The stage of the
Koyal Opera-house was piled with
wreaths of laurel as Ruggerio Leonva
vnlio was recalled for the last time to
night after the production of "Der
Koland von Berlin." Emperor Wil
liam stood up in his box applauding
and the briiliant audience cried
"Bravo!" Critics who were here from
Paris. Rome. Vienna. London, St.
Petersburg and all parts of Germany
think Leoncavallo has equaled his
best work.
At the close of the performance
Emperor William received Signor
Leoncavallo and his wife in the royal
box and conferred upon the composer
the Crown Order, second class.
DEPUTY SYVETON PROVED
TO HAVE BEEN A SUICIDE
Troubles Which Led to the Act Said
Rto Have Been Private and
Not Political.
ARIS, Dec. 13.— Although the inves
tigation into the; cause of the death
of Deputy Eyveton has not been com
pleted, facts have leaked out which
render it certain that Syveton commit
ted suicide owing to private trouble
wholly unconnected with politics.
The San Francisco Call.
Assistance was obtained to-night
from St. Paul, ten miles east, that city
having sent over all Its available fire
apparatus. The strong wind blowing
carried the flames to buildings blocks
away, many small fires being started.
The fire was discovered in Peck's
store at Fifth avenue south and Fifth
street. It soon got beyond control and
attacked Boutell Bros.' store. The big
store, filled with draperies and rugs
hung from display racks, was easy
prey for the flames and the store was
hopelessly ruined.
"With the firemen still working on
Bcutell's building the walls fell with
a crash. Two firemen were seen in the
glare that lighted the whole city to
be buried beneath the avalanche of
brick and mortar. One of the men
caught by the falling walls was a
member of the salvage corps. The
other was a fireman from one of the
engine companies.
* The fire spread to the New England
House furnishing- establishment, acros-s
the street from the Boifcell store. Then
it leaped to the Powers Mercantile
Company's great department store.
The district in which the fire oc
curred Is closely built, most of the
buildings being substantial brick and
stone structures.
The Northwest Bank building, thft
Phoenix office bitfldinr, Uhe- National
Bank of Commerce, the New York Life
Insurance building and many other
large buildings; were -in the fire zone,
and for a time seemed In danger.
The dead: Gustave Miller, salvage
corps: George Buckley, salvage corps.
Missing: John Fellows, Hose Com
pany No. 18: George Slncoe, Hose Com
pany No. 18.
RIVAL DERIDES
PERRINE'S FIND
Pickering of Harvard Says
He Has Known for Years
Moon Has Cracks in It
ir«o •«u, <n tjojwiBKi r«p»<:s
BOSTON, Dec. 13.— According to As
sistant Professor William H. Pickering
of the Harvard Astronomical Observa
tory the moon is cracked In 1000 places.
Professor Pickering made the state
ment to-night in connection with the
press report from Berkeley, Cal., an
nouncing the discovery by Assistant
Astronomer J. D. Perrine of the Lick
Observatory of a great crack or rill ex
tending lengthwise through the v.alley
of the Alps for a distance of eighty
miles. • ' : .'\
"Why," 'he said, when shown the ar
ticle, "that is nothing new. I remem
ber observing that crack in 1S92, but I
never embodied it In any of my re
ports because it was so unimportant in
comparison with others I have seen. I
should say the moon had at least 1000
cracks. They are scattered indiscrim
inately over its surface except that
there are few of them near the poles.
The one in -question is in latitude 50.
They are caused by a contraction ef the
moons crust."
REFUSES FORTUNE FOR
PAINTING BY VELASQUEZ
Spanish Duchess Returns Cart Reply
to Offer From American
Millionaire.
MADRID, Dec. 13.— It is stated in
the newspapers here that the Duchess
of Villahermosa, one of the most aris
tocratic and proudest ladles of Sara
gossa. has refused 1.500.000 pesetas
(529.500) offered by a New York mil
lionaire called Hamilton for a portrait
painted by Velasquez of , Diego Cor
ral, a personage at the court of Philip
IV. The Duchess replied that her love
for art made her despise money.
"1 prefer," she said, "to present my
picture to the Prado Museum. Span
iards and Yankees cannot experience
similar feelings, of respect with regard
to artistic relics."
The press and public applaud the
Duchess' answer.
CLARK ROAD TO OPEN
ROUTE INTO GOLDFIELDS
Stace Soon to Connect the Mining
District With the Union Une.
SALT LAKE, Dec 13.— The San Pe
dro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Rail
.road Company has about completed ar
rangements for opening a new route to
the Goldfleld and Tonopah mining
country. A stage line will: be estab
lished from Las Vegas, Nev., the pres
ent terminus of the. Salt, Lake end. of
the railroad, the 'distance from Las Ve
cas to Goldfield being about 130. miles.
SAN FRANCISCO,' WEDNESDAY"^ DECEMBER ii,' 1901.
CONGRESS
TO CREATE
NEW COURT
President Gives the
Plan His Sup
port,
Tribunal to Have Charge ol
All Interstate'Com
merce Cases. .
Proposed Measure Greatly Enlarges
the Powers of the Present
Commission. ,
Special Diepatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— President
Roosevelt has agreed to accept rail
road rate legislation in the form of a
court, of .interstate commerce. Har
mony between the White House, and
Senate leaders has been established
and efforts have already been jj begun
to accomplish something at the pres
ent session of Congress. Whether the
bill can be finally passed is still prob
lematical. . The President, his cabinet,
and. legislators interested in the ques
tion find it so. large and far reaching
that nothing can •', be .done In ' a hurry,
but t be desire of the .administration is
to', Have the queston settled on ■ a j per
manent basis at the earliest possible
moment, v This means' the nek t session;
if not the, present orit.
The Call is able to present the text
of the bill which will be used as basis
of. legislation. It will be the frame
work of the discussion and conferences
at the White" House and In the Sen
ate and is now in the hands of Attor
ney General Moody for consideration
and perfection.
It establishes a circuit court. of in
terstate commerce in each of the nine
judicial circuits of the United States
now existing and a circuit court of in
terstate, commerce appeals, with pro
vision for final review by the Supreme
Court of the United States. The Judges
of these interstate courts are to be ap
pointed for life and Jrora both politi
cal . parties, thus establishing a non
partisan b?nch.
ADDS TO COMMISSION'S POWER.
It also is in contemplation, but not
yet embodied in the bill, to give mem
bers of the interstate commerce com
mission certain powers of United States
district attorneys, that they may bring
suits.
President Roosevelt had a conference
to-day with Attorney General Moody
and Senator Spooner and expressed his
willingness to listen to the lawers of
the administration and the Senate. At
torney General Moody is a firm advo
cate of the circuit court of interstate
commerce idea and so is Secretary
Morton. Morton is to be retained in
the cabinet largely for the purpose of
assisting and advising the admlnistra
ton in the matter of railroad legisla
tion.
Another, important advocate of the
circuit court of interstate commerce is
Judge Grosscup of Chicago, who sat
in the npef trust case and whote views
have been -made known to the Presi
dent Senator Elklns, chairman of the
interstate, commerce committee of the
Senate,, is advocating such a court and
has recently been in conference with
Judge Grosscup, whose assistance in
framing the projected legislation was
requested.
SENATE DISPLAYS INTEREST.
Since , ft became known that the
President would not insist upon legis
lation giving the' Interstate, commerce
commission power to revise and estab
lish'railroad rates and would accept an
interstate commerce court, there has
been a decided change of tactics in the
Senate. Senator Elklns * has called a
meeting of the • Interstate commerce
commission for next Friday, when the
question will at once be taken up.
The proposed bill is almost word for
word the measure drawn up by Rich
ard Olney, former attorney general,
and Introduced by Senator Sawyer, of
Wisconsin,. in January, 1893. The origi
nal bill had a section which repealed
the act establishing the interstate
commerce commission, but this is not
contemplated now. On <the contrary
this commission is to be given some
additional power, but not to the ex
tent of revising or establishing rates.
BRADY ENCOUNTERS. SNAG.
Protest -Aaralnst Him in Senate for
Governor of Alaska.
WASHINGTON, Dec. : ' 13.— Confir
mation of the appointment of J. q,
Brady, renominated by Roosevelt for
the office, of Governor of Alaska, was
objected to in the ; Senate to-day . ' by
Senator Penrose. Protests against
Governor Bradv have been prepared
by representatives -of the commercial
interests of Alaska and -. by many resi
dents of the Territory.- There' was no
charge against him other than he was
not the choice:, of ., the, -^People.. of
Alaska. The nomination was ordered
recommitted 'and; hearings] will. "■ prob
ably be held before: the Committee on
Territories. BBSS * .-'■:■'■
DETECTIVES GUARD LAWSON AGAINST
THREATENED ASSAULT BY GREENE
POWERFUL. FINANCIERS WHO HEAD THE POOL. FORMED TO FIGHT THOMAS W. LAWSON IN THE STOCK M\RKET
ONE . OF WHOM HAS THREATENED , TO BEARD THE BOSTONIAN IN HIS OFFICE TO BRAND HIM AS A CH \R-
L.ATAN AND- A ROBBER OF .' POOR WIDOWS AND ORPHANS. I
GREAT GIFT
TO CHICAGO
UNIVERSITY
Pour Millions Are
Expected Prom j
Rockefeller.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO." Dec. ; 13.— The Christmas
stocking, of Chicago; University, never
overlooked by- John ;D.; Rockefeller in
his annual holiday preparations, has
not been hung.in'vain this year, Pres
ident Harper -believes. Dr. Harper on
his* return from New York to-day,
where he held counsel with Rockefeller,
declared he reasoiKto believe Mr.
Rockefeller's interest in the institution
continued," but he denied that a word
regarding money matters had passed
the 'lips of either himself or- his; host
when the Standard Oil king entertained
him during his visit in the East.
"I did not ask' Mr. Rockefeller: for a
cent and I :did : not receive from him
the slightest indication that- he | would
give me a cent." said Dr. Harper. "Mr.
Rockefeller takes his own time and
does what he 'wants to. He Js~?in-,the
habit of remembering the "university at
Christmas; and I" anr certain* that his
interest in' us, keeps up. If -I receive
a gift it will be announced at • the', con
vocation ' ; when 'I read my > 'quarterly
statement." •>• - ''.I-- • '
Students. at the university, e*pect" a
J4.000,OI>0 . gift from Rockefeller'- to : be
announced: at ".the" convocation, -i$1,000,
000 of which 'Is needed- for- the yearly
budget, i Three "mllli6ns\must "be: spent
for a new technical - which ; they
believe is : being planned. '.,*'. '.•'* ;
CHLOROFORM
IS USED BY
A BURGLAR
Guest; of a Southern
Hotel Drugged and
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN. BERNARDINO, Dec. 13.— F. W.
Flower., one' of the guests at a local'
hotel, ; was chloroformed during, the
night and ?193, was stolen from under
his pillow. The thief effected an en
trance into Flower's room by. picking
the lock of the door. ,
This afternoon one of the> bellboys
tried' the door of Flower's room. Fail-
Ing to receive a reply to his call the
boyvburst the. door open. Flower was
found 'upon "the. floor of the room. He
was roused with some difficulty; In' a
corner ; of the room near the bed was
found "a" handkerchief which bore 7 a
faint' trace of. chloroform, while the
odor .of. the drug lingered about the
rOom. -Investigation revealed, the loss
of : the money t and'the fact that the lock
had . been bicked, evidently by an, ex
pert burglar.
The police were at once called in, but
so far^no satisfactory clue has been
obtained. 'Criminals from all-over the
IJnion flock to this section of the State
at, this season of the. year and-burglar
ies ' are almost nightly occurrences, . but
this ,is the" most' daring -yet reported. -
" ; Flower's watch J and ■ other valuables
which had I been left on a table in plain
view 'were untouched. '
THE^THEATXRfl. •-
ALCAZAR— "Caprice."
CALIFORNIA— "Sis Hopkins."
COLUMBIA — "A Chinese Honeymoon.**
CENTRAL— "Loat In Siberia."
CHTTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER* S— Vaudeville.
GRAND — '"In Dahomey."
MAJESTIC— "Mr. Potter of. Texaj." -
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. Matinee to
day. <•;:■;
TIVOLI— "Kins Dodo."
REDSKINS
KILL BEAR
WITH ROCK
Vicious Attack Made
on Indians by Hun
■H- -gry Animal!
Social Dispatch to The Call.
RENO. Dec. 13.— Two Indians were
attacked by a large black bear on Ber
ry Creek in White Pine County, Neva
da, yesterday, and. after a desperate
flght they succeeded in killing the en
raged animal with a rock. The fight
was unequal and the Indians were torn
and cut in a^terrible manner by the
claws of the huge beast.
The' bear was sleeping in the willows
along the bank of the stream when the
Indians, who were fishing, came upon
it. The animal rushed at them with an
angry, growl and succeeded in knocking
one of the Indians senseless with a
blow of its paw. The beast then closed
with. the other redskin and endeavored
to 'draw him within reach of Its open
jaws.. The. Indian fought .with great
bravery, but was about to surrender
to' the beast' when his companion re
gained consciousness 'and rushed to his
aid .with a large rock- He struck th«>
bear, 1 at the . .base . of the skull and
stunned it, and before it could . recover
crushed its 'skull with the rock.
Fushiml .on Way ■ Home.
- NEW YORK. Dec. 13. — Prince Fu
shimi left to-day for home. He start
ed "on a New York Central train and
will proceed by way of Chicago, Den
ver and Sari' Franciscor '
PRICE FIVE CENTS
SERIOUS
TROUBLE
, FEARED
Boston Man Has
SMootor
Handy.
Belief That Arizonan
Will Keep His
PlpflfTP
Battle ol tlie Financiers
Wages Merrily- in
Wall Street
Special Dispatch to The Call
BOSTON. Dec. 13. — President Wil
liam C. Greene of the- Greene Consol
idated Copper Company published
here to-day his half-page of bitter de
nunciation of Thomas W. Lawson for
the latter's methods of advertising
and raiding Amalgamated and other
copper stocks. Colonel Greene de
nounced Lawson as a faker, a charla
tan, a liar and a robber of the poor
widows and orphans. ! He announced
that he was coming to Boston to tell
Lawson to his face in Lawson's of
fice the very same things.
Lawson has replied to this attack,
saying he will continue in hi3
course despite Greene, the Standard
Oil, "the system" or any living: being.
He declares that he is not responsible
for the losses of Colonel Greene
(amounting to 55.000.000, it is said)
in Greene Consolidated stock or for
the drop in that stock thi3 week.
Lawson says that Greene Consolidat
ed was one of the stocks he exempted
from attack in his recent drives at the
market.
Everything is tense excitement here
to-night, as it is believed that Greene
will make good his threat and appear
before Lawson to-morrow, bent upon
a personal encounter. It is said that
Lawson's rooms at Young's are close
ly guarded by detectives and that
Lawson sits at a desk with a six
shooter In an open drawer at his el
bow.
Lawson's reply to-day was most pa
cific, and spoke of Colonel Greene in
the highest terms of praise and ap
preciation, while it also breathed de
fiance.
GREENE'S ENORMOUS LOSSES.
Greene is said to have organized a
pool recently to "bull" Greene cop
per stock, and to have lost $3. 000.000
in the last few days. Several time3
attempts have been made by Amal
gamated interests to secure control of
the property, but Greene has always
defeated them. It was rumored to
day that they had at last wrested con
trol from him In the recent slump, but
he declares that he and his associates
still hold the fort, he himself owning
252.000 shares out of 864.000.
Clarence W. Barron. publisher of
the Boston News Bureau, has taken
a hand azaln and deals less gently
with Lawson than the latter does with
the Arizona copper king. Barron
says:
"He has sagacity enough to attach
to his lies connection with persons or
fact*, statements of policies, generally
known or believed to be in existence.
Now, it the evidence has not been de
stroyed — and mysterious fires have al
ready burned many books — the . dis
tance between Thomas W. Lawson
and the penitentiary may not be so
great a3 he imagines. He can hood
wink the public for a time, but' ha
cannot hoodwink, bribe or frighten
me. for he has tried it over and over
again. Some day I wiil tell all. If he
survives? the strain— mentally, physi
cally and financially — through which
he is now passing."
MARKET PANIC AVERTED.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— The commit
tee of safaty. which has saved the
stock market from utter demoralization
before, to-day came to the rescue of
the market in the first half-hoar of
Continued on Pa je 2, Column 3.2
PR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT. ;.'_'_ s
THOUSANDS HAVE KIDNEY
TROUBLE AND DON'T KNOW IT
I Mi ifflliiii !
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys arc responsible for more sick-
ness and suffering than any other disease— the *cfore. when
through neglect cr olher caus:s, kidney trou :Ic is t permitted to
continue, fatal results are sure to follow.
Youi* other organs may nerd attention — b\it your kidneys
most, because they do most and n:ed attention fi.*st.
H you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney. liver and bladder rcmsdy, be-
cause as soon as you:* kidneys begin to get better they wi I help
all the other organs to health. A t;"i£;l wil convince any onei,' ,'•.•
Th..- mild and immediate effect of j symptoms of which are — obliged lo
Swamp- Root, the great kidney and } P ass your water frequently night and
bladder remedv, is soon realized. It ? av ', smarting or irritation in passing,
« a nds ,h, highest for i,s .-cderM g*«
cures ot the most distressmg cases. neS5f poor digestion, sleeplessness,
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- nervousness, heart disturbance due to
tern right, and the best proof .of this bad kidney trouble, skin eruptions
is a trial. from bad blood, neuralgia, rheuma-
53 cottage ST.. melrose. mass. tism. diabetes, irritability,
dear 6IH: jan. nth, i»34. wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss '
"Evr-r since I was in the Army 1 had more n f fWii c,i| n ,.. rnmnlcvinn nr >
or 1*** k'.dney trouble, and within the put OI . n^ sn \ sailOtt complexion, Or ,
yesx it t*iRmt M 6ev<?re and complicated that Bright S disease.
Ly U^nVh C^ 1 po^r^r s %.ir^irTm7 V your, water, when allowed to re- !
I mw an a<3vtrtis«ment ot Stamp-Root and main undisturbed in a glass or bottle j
T b T^^ g^^Vr. dL.&t™ for twenty-four hours, forms a sedi- j
m.tter taking s?wamj,-Root only ■ short time. ' ment or settling or has a cloudy ap-
to b<? very Fure about this i had a doctor exam- kidneys ana bladder need immediate I
lnc icme of my water to-day and he pro- attention'
nounced it ail right and in splendid condition ,, " „ >V; :,*•'-••■: . ;
-I know that your is purely Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
3s s ! !e « dru * stores .the world
ana recommendiriF Swamp-Root to all sufferers over in bottles of two Sizes and two
I em. very truij^your^ , prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
for^'W h%T '«T tid Silme^ S:a n m 7Roo"*,™r R ,r- fl-
m^^?^r^™z &I Binshamton - N - ?•• on " ery ;
EDITORIAL NOTE.-In order to prove the wonderful mefits of !
SSS&kSh >e« ThVnl'VT t "V P ' e bultle and * b °° k o f valuable Vnfo° !
vomen cured. The value and success of Swamp-Root are so well known
as i<zyr e £v^t San Fr^ ncisco Daii >- M rhc ««£««••««
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after c
P M
GET YOUR COPY IN
Missionaries Arc Coining West.
SEATTLE. Dec. 13. — Word has
been received here from Bost«n that
the annual session of the American
Board of Commissioners for Foreign
Missions, the missionary organization
of the Congregational church, will be
held in this city next September. The
board has never heretofore met west
of Iowa. It is composed of 350 mem
bers and it is expected that most of
these will be present. The board an
nually disburses more than $750,000
and is the oldest foreign missionary
society, in the United States.
f% Benares Brass Ware
&} A LARGE ASSORTMENT OF
£%* HAND ENGRAVED AND EM-
jgj BOSSED BENARES BRASS
J|* TRAYS, VASES, JARDINIERES,
5£*A^ MATCH SAFES AND CANDLE-
_3gjT STICKS-ALL UNIQUE A N D
g^k&0% ORIGINAL DESIGNS — E N -
\§m£Z=& '■■ GRAVED BY THE NATIVES OF
THE HOLY CITY OF BENARES
ym? EAST INDIA. ON DISPLAY IN
j|p£!pg|| VERY ACCEPTABLE HOLIDAY
/tjj&r '• xiUPr Jb . GIFTS.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS
ANOTHER BOODLER MUST '
SERVE TIME IN JAIL
Supreme Court Affirms the Sentence
Passed on Harry Faulkner of
St. Louis.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Dec. 13.—
The conviction of Harry A. Faulkner,
a former member of the St. Louis
House of Delegates, on a charge of
perjury was affirmed by the Supremo
Court to-day. Faulkner was sen
tenred to five years' imprisonment.
The case of Louis A. Decker, an
other formef member of the House of
Delegates, cWicted of bribery, who
also received a,five-year sentence, was
remanded for a_ new trial. Both cases
grew out of the Suburban Railway
franchise boodle scandal.
Card and Loose Leaf Systems.
*^.uu puys a card imlex drawer. 500
record cards, alphabetical index and
guide cards. Shaw-Walker filing systems
loose-leaf ledgers, price books and 00^
Plete-office outfits, including printing and
bookbinding: Stationery Department
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st .
Canned Chicken Kills Actor.
. DENVER, Dec. 13.— Charles Henry
TViberly, an actor known on the stage
as Charles Weston, died here to-day
of septic peritonitis brought on, it is
eaid, by ptomaine poisoning caused
by eating canned chicken in Kansas
City three weeks ago. Wiberly was
30 years old and his home was in New
York.
■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 14, 1904.
DETEGTIVBS
GUARD LIFE
OF LAWSON
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
trading, during which panicky tenden
cies were predominant, and placed the
market on its feet. After the first hour
of trading the market showed every
Fign of becoming strong. One small
failure, that of S. J. Caliahan, was an
nounced on the Consolidated Exchange.
The stock market opened in a wild
whirl of excitement, with prices down
from two to thnes points, and drop
ping. But after the first half-hour of
trading the same large interests that
have bolstered up the market since Law
son began his campaign shoved prices
up again, amid even greater pandemo
nium than that with which the market
opened.
After the first three-quarters of an
hour of trading the market was ap
parently much firmer, pahic conditions
had practically disappared and there
was every indication that prices would
not only recover from yesterday's close,
but might even go above them.
Meanwhile Wall street was ina hil
arious mood over the long distance war
of words between Colonel Greene, presi
dent of the Greene Consolidated Copper
Company, and Lawson. Lawson wait
ed in vain for Colonel Greene to show
up in his Boston office and whiled away
the tedious hours in occasional hot
wires to his rival. A few excerpts are
interesting.
"You know you're a liar," wrote Law
son. "You brought me your Consoli
dated company and said, 'Lawson, you
are the only man on earth to whom J
w&uld trust it.' I took it and for five
months ran it and paid all its expenses
to an amount of, I think, over $100,000."
"I know if you had been in your
right mind you would never have
signed the dirty document, probably
written by others who had not the
manliness to do what you do, and
which you published this morning."
"Now, for your threats— for I read
clearly your meaning when you re
peated three times you would come to
my office. I know you are a brave
man; I know not only because you
have told me, but because I have veri
fied it, that you have notches on your
gun to mark where you went up
against bad men in Arizona and Mex
ico. I know you have made some of
the leaders of the 'System' in New
York give over their schemes to ruin
you, simply by calling their attention
to the fact that you were going to call
upon them at their offices; but let me
say to you you have picked the wrong
customer; you or any of those who
have egged you on, or any of the dirty
curs of the 'System.' may come to my
office or any other place that is con
venient or accessible, and when you
come I will be there to meet you."
HARD WILL NOT YIELD.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— After sev
eral days of study and discussion of
the Statehood bill by the Committee on
Territories, Senator Beveridge, the
chairman, expects to report the bill
favorably to-morrow. Senator Bard,
v.^ho has been alone amonK the Repub
lican members of the committee In op
position to it, declares his intention of
carrying his fight to the floor of the
Senate, although he fears it will be
hopeless. ■ , , .
Bard opposes the bill on the ground
that Arizona Is almost unanimous
against being forced Into the Union
coupled up with New Mexico, and on
the other and broader ground that the
West is handicapped, in Congress and
always will be by the few number of
States as compared to the East and
the consequent loss in representation
In the upper house. It. was on these
grounds that Nedham, almost alone,
fought the bill in the House. Bard
wants Arizona and New Mexico to
wait until sufficiently populous to be
admitted as two States. .
BALL IX PENSION OFFICE.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13. — In the
Senate to-day a number of private
bills and a few bills of semi-public
character were passed, and there was
some discussion of the pure food bill
by McCumber, Platt of Connecticut
and Spooner. A resolution granting
the use of the Pension Office building
for the inaugural ball also was passed.
Barley expressed^ opposition to It. The
House resolution for an adjournment
for the Christmas holidays extending
from December 21 to January 4 was
adopted.
On motion of Long, the Senate fixed
the date for the reception of the
statue of former Senator John J. In-
B-alla, contributed to Statuary Hall by
the State of Kansas, for January 21
next.
The bill was passed confirming
pi oofs under public land laws when
made outside the land district within
which the land may be situated.
PRESENT OAKLAND'S CLAIMS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— E. C. Ses
sions and Edward W. Stearns of the
Board of Trade, Oakland, arrived, to
day to present the claims of Oakland
for the Improvement of her harbor.
They will meet the California Congres
sional delegation at the office of Sena
tor Perkins to-morrow. W. E. Dargie
of Oakland, who, with his wife, is here,
will meet with them.
FUNERAL OF FATHER KING
WILL BE ON NEXT FRIDAY
Archbishop Montgomery to Celebrate
Solemn Pontifical High Moss
for Revered Priest.-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
/ 101C Broadway, Dec. 13.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13. — The funeral
of the Rev. Michael King, who
for a generation was pastor of the
Church of the Immaculate Concep
tion, will be held at 10 o'clock next
Friday morning from the church, at
Eighth and Jefferson streets. :
The services will be conducted by
Archbishop Montgomery of San Fran
cisco, who will celebrate solemn pon
tifical high mass for the repose of the
soul of the departed priest.
Archbishop Montgomery will be as
sisted by Archblehop Rlordan of ■ San
Francisco, who will occupy. the throne
in the sanctuary, and by. the . follow
ing pastors of the Oakland, churches:
The Rev. Father Serda of Sacred Heart
Church, deacon; the Rev. Father Mc-
Sweeney of St. Francis de Sales
Church, sub-deacon, and ■< the Rev.
Father. J. B. McNally of St. Patrick's
Church, master- of ceremonies..
The funeral sermon ; will be preached
by the Rev. Father Prendergast, vicar
general of St. Mary's 'Cathedral of San
Francisco,, of which: Father King was
assistant ' pastor, previous \to \ ■ his as
suming: charge -of St.' Mary's 1 Church
of the - Immaculate Conception in: this
city..
Headaches From Colds.
LAXATIVE BROMQ QU1NINJB removes th«'
cause. To '. get the genuine, call tor i full - name
and look for signature of E. W. Grove. ■ 25c. •"•
• j", •/■ •' •
JUDGE SWAYNE
IS IMPEACHED
House After, Sharp Debate
Calls Him to Account for
Misbehavior in Office
SITS AS A- GEAND JURY
Gillett of California an
Active Participant in
the Unusual Proceedings
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13.— Sitting as
a Grand Jury, the House of Repre
sentatives to-day, with almost a full
membership, adopted a resolution pro
viding for the impeachment of Judge
Swayne of the Northern District of
Florida for. "high crimes and misde
meanors." Throughout the session in- ;
tense interest was shown* by the mem
bers. Following the adoption- of the
impeachment resolution, . provision was
made for the appointment of five mem
bers to % notify the Senate of the im
peachment and for a committee of
seven to present the case to the Senate.
To-day's proceedings , were the first
of their kind since the impeachment in
1876 of General Belknap, who was Sec
retary of War in General Grant's Cab
inet.
In support of the charge of misbehav
ior, Palmer of Pennsylvania said the
evidence showed that out of each year
Judge Swayne spent on am average 212
days somewhere else, without holding
court. Judge Swayne, he said, never
voted in Florida, never registered there
and never lived there in any proper
sense of the term.
As Palmer detailed the various
amounts paid to Judge Swayne as nec
essary expenses he was subjected to
a fire of questions by several members.
A* question by Adams of Pennsylvania,
if it was the custom of other Judges
to accept the maximum of $10 a day
for expenses, roused Palmer, who an
swered with an emphatic "No!" adding
that if it was the custom it would be
no evidence in this case.
"We are," he said with emphasis,
"trying the case of Judge Swayne and
not all of the Judges of the United
States."
Replying to Lacey of Iowa, Palmer
said the committee did not look into
the question of whether or -not the
rate of $10 a day was a fixed allow
ance, not thinking it relevant. The
charge against Judge Swayne of
swearing that his expenses were $10
n day, when in fact these expenses
were proved considerably less, he said,
stunfo unexplained and undefended by
the Judge.
After concluding his resume of the
evidence, Palmer said that if Judge
Swayne had done well he ought to be
vindicated and sent out with the
commendation "Well done, thou good
and faithful servant." If Judge
Swayne had done ill, he ought to be
sent to trial, "where his excuse and
apologies may or may not receive con
sideration."
If the House was of the opinion that
Judge Swayne's conduct had been
commendable, "let him go scot free."
He added, amid impressive silence, "In
my Judgment- it .will be a sorry day
for the republic; when such, behavior
is commendipd. by. the representatives
of the people." ; - ' ' *
Clayton of Alabama was ■ particu
larly severe in his arraignment of what
he characterized as Judge Swayne's
excuses and testimony regarding his
failure to acquire a residence in Pen
sacola.
Ah," he said, striking his desk,
"when he studies the case and the
report he sees that he did not swear
lar enough and now he tip-toes on
this question of residence."
Judge Swayne's amended testimony,
he declared, amounted to nothing.
When the Judge took steps to acquire
a residence in his district, "he had
wind of these impeachment proceed
ings."
The' question of Judge Swayne's
residence was also discussed by Gil
lett of California, who insisted that
Judge Swayne had distinctly shown
an Intent to make Pensacola his
home. All the effort and industry of
the parties making the charges against
Judge Swayne, he said, had not pro
duced a single witness who said
Judge Swayne resided or had a home
in Delaware. It made no difference,
he contended, if Judge Swuyne was not
in Pensacola over twenty days a year,
because he might have been some
where else "doing business for his
country." The record showed that
Judge Swayne went to Florida, Ala
bama and Texas to hold court.
' "There was no evidence." he main
tained, "that anybody suffered injury
'by reason of the fact that Judge
Swayne was not in Florida.""
The judicial acts of Judge Swayne
were next taken up by Gillett, who
justified them on the ground that
Judge Swayne not only had the legal
right to act us he did In the several
cases complained of, but also had ju
risdiction so to do.
While he admitted, in reply to a
question by Palmer, that traveling
over the country by Judge Svvayne in
a /private car of the \ Jacksonville,
Tampa and Key West Railroad
(then in the hands of a receiver ap
pointed by Judge Swayne) was a thing
that ought not perhaps have been
done, he contended that' it did not in
volve that turpitude that \ should
cause hl3 impeachment.
The subject of the amounts charged
by Judge Swayne and sworn to as
having been expended by him for
reasonable expenses, said Gillett, was
a serious accusation. If the $10 a day
was collected by Judge Swayne with
wrongful " intent, its collection should
not be excused.
Mann of Illinois provoked laughter
by calling attention to the fact /that
Gillett; had made a report in the'ease
one way; and had made a speech the
other, and he tried to secure a cate
gorical: answer as to whether or not he
thought the resolution should pass.
."When the roll call . comes," said Gil
lett, "the gentleman from California
will tell you." -
"Then." retorted Mann, "I shall be
compelled to,yote after the gentleman."
, "If you: will follow the gentleman
from California," quickly replied Gil
lett," ; you may vote ? correctly." ,
Lamar of Florida, who filed the. orig
inal charge against Judge Swaynei
closed '■ the discussion , by denouncing
the Judge; as "tyrannical and unjust."
The 'previous question was ordered—
198 to 91. The resolution was " then
agreed on without division. •
..Immediately after the adoption of
the ; impeachment resolution ; Palmer, of
fered a resolution ' for- a committee of
seven' to notify the Senate of the action
of the House," and it was , adopted.
Another resolution', was adopted, pro
viding, that . a committee of seven : be
appointed" to prepare 1 and report arti
cles/- jpt ?. impeachment . against '. Judge
Swaviie.'ujSMilnBI
Th« 'Speaker thereupon appd%ited as
the} committee- to carry.:the impeach
ment into the Senate— Palmer of Penn
sylvania, ?i Jenkins ' of Wisconsin, Gillett
of; California; Clayton 'of Alabama and
Smlth-of 'Kentucky; *■
WYNNE DISMISSES TWO
LEADING CARRIERS.
LEADERS AMONG LETTER CAR
. RIERS, WHOSE ACTIVITY IX
POLITICS CAUSED DISMISSAL.
SECRETS HELD
DEAR AS LIFE
. WASHINGTON, Dec. 13,— Five wit
nesses ..were examined to-day by the
Senate Committee on Privileges and
Elections in the investigation of pro
tests against Senator Smoot. The first
witness described the .obligations as
sumed by persons who pass through
the endowment house and declared
that every one agrees to submit to
mutilation of the person If he or she
reveals what takes place during the
ceremony.
Two members of the Brigham
Young University testified that they
have maintained polygamous relations
since the manifesto of 1890, and a
teacher asserted that the church has
had religion taught in public schools.
Mrs. Margaret Geddes, a Mormon,
testified concerning her plural mar
riage and broke down on the stand.
The hearing wiH be continued to-mor
row. . '•:■;.'
J. H. Wallis Sr., a Mormon from
Salt Lake City, .who has had three
wives, was the first witness. He said
he never believed fully in the celestial
marriages to the dead, but four times
had stood as proxy for four marriages
of living women to dead men. He
married his present wife in the tem
ple. Explaining the marriages in the
temple, Wallis said It is 'necessary to
take the endowment before marriage
and In this way he ' had passed
through the endowment house twenty
times at least. The ceremonies, he
said, had always been substantially
the same and each one consumed
about two hours. \
Wallis said he had a distinct recol
lection of the ceremonies within the
temple. He was asked to give the
oaths. taken by those who participated
and this he did, together with a de
scription of the secret signs executed
by each person. Nearly all of ob
ligations were that those who took
part would not reveal anything they
saw or heard on peril of mutilation
of the person, and every one who passed
the temple, said the witness, was com
pelled to asree to the conditions laid
down by the priests.
The penalties agreed to were given
by Wallis as follows: That the throat
be cut from ear to ear and the tongue
be .torn off; that the breast be cut
asunder and the heart and vitals be
torn from the body; that the body be
0>K : : ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
fi^&r^ Cold Meats. ||
J? K^T^w^TS Materials: — Any kind neatly fffifl
y;M r /III lit \ sliced and garnished. Suitable, for Kj^ilS
yA/Ep>s/ A/ \ luncheons and teas when accom- J "EgSgl
MJ^^/J^T^j panicd by a vegetable salad. .Wj&
Lea <H Perrins*
13 g M 13 Mr"^
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning :~I° arranging the table be sure that a bottle of Lea C&
' ♦Pen-ins* Sauce is within easy reach. When poured
v- ,> over the meat ic will stimulate appetite and promote
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agents, NEW YOK.C
WASHINGTON, Dec. 13. — Post
master General Wynne to-day re
moved from office Frank H. Cunning
h&m, of South Omaha, Neb., who is
president of the National Association
of Rural Carriers, and James C. Kel
ler, of Cleveland. O... who. is at the
head of the National Association of
letter Carriers.
The dismissals are the result of an
investigation of charges of insubordi
nation, of beinjr absent from duty
without leave and violation of the
President's order of January 31. 1902.
prohibiting individual , or organized
attempts of Government employes to
influence legislation or to solicit in
crease of pay.
Cunningham applied last October
for a leave of absence. The Post
office Department declined to approve
the application. Cunningham, however,
ignored this action and came East.
Thenceforth, it is announced at the
Postoffice Department, he apparently
devoted his entire time to efforts to
secure pledges from candidates for
election or re-election to Congress to
support the bill approved by the car
riers' association for an increase of
their pay. . .~. v ■
His methods. It is charged, were in
distinct violation of the executive
order, which expressly forbids "all
Government officers and " employes,
either directly or indirectly, individu
ally or through associations, to solicit
an increase of pay or to influence or
attempt to influence in their own in
terest any other legislation whatever,
either before Congress or its commit
tees or in any way save through the
headquarters in or under which they
are serving, on penalty of dismissal
from the Government service."
The association sent out circulars
to Congressmen lrr an effort to secure
pledges. These letters, it is stated,
were signed by Secretary Tumber, of
the association, who is also a rural
carrier at Rockport, N. T., and his
case is under investigation.
Cunningham submitted his resigna
tion yesterday, but the department
declined to accept it.
The case of James C. Keller, of
the Cleveland, O., Postoffice, who is
head of the National Association of
Letter Carriers, also reached a climax
to-day. His activity during the cam
paign has been under investigation
and some days ago he was ordered to
return forthwith to his duties at
Cleveland. He sent a reply t<\ the
Postofflce Department, which was in
terpreted as insubordination, and he
also was dismissed.
'* At the meeting of the Cabinet to
day. Postmaster General Wynne re
ported to the President the action he
had taken in the cases of Cunningham
and Keller, and explained the nature
of the charges against them. Presi
dent Roosevelt practically indorsed the
Postmaster General's action.
cut asunder at the middle and the
bowels cut out; that if demanded we
will give all we possess to the support
of the church. ■.■■"■'■.
The next obligation was one o/
chastity, In which the obligator agreed
not to cohabit with any person not
given him or Her by the priests.
Another obligation, said the witness,
was one that "we would never cease to
Importune high heaven to avenge the
blood of the prophets upon the na
tions of the earth, or the inhabitants
of the earth. This was followed by a
quotation from the Scriptures, I think
Revelation vi:9: 'The souls of those
slain cried aloud on the altars* for
vengeance.' " '
Josiah Hickman, a teacher in Brig
ham Young University, testified that
he was married first in 1884 and again
In 1890. The first wife died In 1900. For
ten years he said he lived with two
wives and had children by both of
them.
The witness said he went through
the temple with his second wife, two
or three vears ago, and they were
sealed, but no legal marriage had
taken place. He said he had taken no
steps to conform to the law in relation
to marriages. *
"Then as you understand it you are
not legally married to your present
wife?" asked Taylor.
"No, sir; not so far."
* "You said 'not so far," " said "Van
Cott. one of the attorneys for Smoot.
"What did vou mean by that?"
Hickman explained that he had been
a little negligent, but that he and his
wife -had decided that they should be
married. He said of the fifty or sixty
teachers in the university he was mor
ally certain that only two were polyga
mists.
Mrs. Marsaret Geddes of Salt Lake
City said she was born In Glasgow,
Scotland, where she was converted to
the Mormon faith and went to Utah
twenty years aso. She became the
plural wife of William Geddes In Lo
gan, Utah, the same year. \She said
she did not live with her husband
much, as he remained in Oregon, his
other wife living In Blaine City. She
had four children. Her husband died
in Oregon. She then went-to her hus
band's first wife and there a baby was
born. She broke down cryingr as she
gave this evidence.
It was brought out that her husband
died thirteen years ago, and that her
youngest child Is now five and a half
years old. She said she had not been
married a second time and refused to
give the name of her youngest child'3
father. She broke down again as shs
told the committee she had no one to
look after her. and that she sat in the
waiting-room from 2 o'clock this morn
ing until daylight after arriving In
Washington.
The politics of many an orator de
pends on the party offering the highest
price for wind. .
BEAT AND ROB
AN OFFICIAL
Deputy Auditor in Wash
ington Is Sandbagged by
; Masked lien in Courthouse
§300 TAKEN FEOM SAFE
Unconscious Victim of Two
Thugs Is Bound and Left
Upon Floor of His Office
DAVENPORT. Wash., Dee. 13.— Two
masked men entered the Courthouse
last nisht about 10 o'clock and sand
bagged Deputy Auditor Arthur Hallin.
They then tied his hands behind him
and, taking his keys, opened the safe
and took $300 in cash. '
Hallin lay unconscious upon the floor
throughout the night and was found in
that condition by the Janitor this
morning. He did not recover con
sclousness until late to-day. t V
DALTON'S MOTHER APPEALS
- TO GOVERNOR OP KANSAS
State Executive, However. Refuses to
Commute Sentence of the - - - ■
Notorious Bandit.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Dee. 13.— Mrs.
Dalton of Oklahoma, the mother of
Emmett Dalton, called on Governor
Bailey to-day to ask for a commuta
tion' of the sentence of her son. Em
mett Dalton has been In the peniten
tiary for twelve years under death
sentence for his participation in the
Coffeyville raid bv the Dalton gang.
He was 19 years old when sentenced.
Governor Bailey refused to go into the
case at this late day in his term.
SECURITIES SOLD.— The dftpoaal at prl-
T ate .?£ * of eeven bloc *a °' stocks and b-mciji
for |1M.44« 25 by the executors of the esta!«
of Carolina Smith de Santa Marina «m ap
proved by th" Prohatg Court yesterday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Catarrh
Invites Consumption.
It weakens the delicate lung tissues
deranges the digestive organs, and
breaks down the general health.
.It often causes headache and dizzi-
ness, impairs the taste, smell and
hearing, and affects the voice..
Being a constitutional disease, it re-
quires a. constitutional remedy..
Hood's Sarsaparllla
■ "*■ :..:'■ V- ■*;■;■./*
Radically and permanently cures ca-
tarrh of the nose, throat, stomach,
bowels, and more delicate organs, and
builds up the whole system.
No substitute for Hood's acts like
Hood's. Be sure to get Hood's. - -.
Teitlmonial» of remarkable cures mailed en
request. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell, Mau,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
or the
TRANSATLANTIC
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. IX,GERMANT, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D., 1903. aiwj for
the year endlag on that day. as made to the
Insurance Cunimissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provtslons of Sectiors
610 and till of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commlaaloner :
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company |423,66O 0Q
Cash In Company's Offlce.... ■ 333 7^
Cash In Banks 23,503 OtJ
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3,St7 47
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 84,701 81
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1.0S7 00
Due frem other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 179 0J
Certificate of Deposit In hands of ->
United States Trustees 100,Soq CO
— _
Total Assets IMXOTO.Si.
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,008 72
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ....: B.H7 CO
Losses resisted, including expenses. 8,5t£ j, .
QroSA premiums en Fire Risks run-
nin* one year or less. $214,402 91;
reinsurance 50 per cent 122,231 4j
Gross Dremlums on Flr« Risks run-
ning .noi-e than one year. fSCtt.-
476 06: reinsurance pro rata 117 COJ 33
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due ia.913 53
Return Premiums and Reinsurance ■
Premiums . 7.871 73,
Total Liabilities .|2S3.177 8!>
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire -
premiums $317,911 03
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stock*. Loans, and from
all other sources........ 13.702 75
Remitted from Home Office... 28.97* 33
Total Incom« 33 •
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses >
(including $16,301 44. losses of
previous years) |1TT,787 S3
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage "88,806 12
Paid for Salaries, Fess and other
dunces for of fleers, clerks, etc.. 21,010 60
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes 4.483 gj
All other payments and expendl- - -
tures 19,248 OS
Total Expenditures) .$306,344 « •
Flri~
Losses Incurred durlns the year.... $174,763 W..
Risks and Premiums. IFire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . "
written during the ■
year f31.137.843 1W8.238 M,
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23.300.3S2 363.383-27
Net amount m force
December 31. 1903.. 30.732.906 430,93*07
ADOLPH LOEB. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Sth
day of February. 1904. -
MARK A. FOOTE.
Notary Public.
Pacific Department Established 1372.
Y. C. DRIFFIELD, Manager.'
H.' DAHKER, Asst. Manager.
221 SANSOME ST.,
s San Francisco, Cat**
Telephone No- 581 / Main.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEAB5T ST. rstabllsh«d I
In 1*3 * for the treatment of ITivi»te
Disuse*. I'Wl Mannood. Debility or .
diiwfls* wearlngon hody and mind aa<l
Skin DiM**!3. Tlie Doctor cnres_wl.*n •
others fail. Try him. .<•*»'*■♦»
<:sre»fnBrsst««d. Callor wrtte. ■<
l>r. J. r. UIBB»>, San Fraadsc*. Cai.MRS. CHADWICK TAKEN TO CLEVELAND
PITTSBURG, Pa., Dec 13.— The name of J. W. Friend,
vice president of the Pressed Steel Car Company, has been freely
used to-day in connection with the unidentified Pittsburg man
who loaned Mrs. Chadwick a sum of money placed at from $500,
000 to $800,000. In this connection a strange story of a meet
ing in New York is repeated. It is to the effect that last Wednes
day Friend, Mrs. Chadwick and Andrew Squire of Cleveland met
in New York at the Holland House, and that at that meeting
Friend, covered the lower part of Mrs. Chadwick's photograph
with his hand and commented upon the remarkable resemblance
to Andrew Carnegie.
"We will get our money," he declared, confidently.
The story was shown to Friend this afternoon. He refused
to deny or affirm its truth.
N*EW YORK. Dec 13.— Mrs. Chad- j
wick started for Cleveland on the Buf
falo limited train, which left the Grand
Central station over the New York |
Central at R o'clock to-night. Before j
leaving she made a statement in which j
Jthf declared rhe would pay her obliga- j
tlons and that her sole purpose in go- j
ins -was to face her creditors. She said j
fchf could have obtained bail here if
fche wished to and that one of the most
prominent men in the country had !
offered to-day to go on her bond. j
Mrs. Chadwick left here in custody !
of United States Marshal Henkel and j
two deputy marshals. Marshal Henkel i
raid he would leave the train at i
Poughkeepsie. but that the deputies i
would go on to Cleveland with the pris- j
oner. The train Is scheduled to ar- j
rjve in Cleveland at 11:50 o'clock to- I
morrow morning. Before leaving the ;
United States Marshal's office Mrs.
' haduiek, at the suggestion of her
•t(.ur;sel. consented to an interview j
with the newspaper men, who were :
waiting.
It was shortly before 7 o'clock when
th» reporters were admitted to Hen
kel's ofTice, where Mrs. Chadwick was
awaiting them. She was reclining on a
couch and seemed particularly alert.
she was the obsoJute mistress of her
• celt, and either smiled as she gave her
statements or gave way to an ex
pression of bitterness.
"Many statements that have appear
ed are absolutely false." ehe began. "I
have read statements in one cr two pa
• j'ers that are -Absolutely false. I am
physically and mentally broken down-
I am not in any condition to make a
statement.
■ It is not true that I cabled to Dr.
Chndv ick this morning. Dr. Chadwick
cabled me this morning, and that cable
. Ri-«m will appear in the Cleveland
Plain Dealer to-morrow morning.
GOING HOME VOLUNTARILY.
" 1 am going home for the sole pur
pose of facing my creditors and the
<.har?res they have irA.de against me. I
am going home voluntarily and not be
cause I could not obtain bail. Since
ii. y arrest I have had offers of bail
from many prominent persons. Isn't
that so, Mr. Carpenter?" she asked,
turning to her counsel.
"Yes. that's true," he replied.
"To-day bail was offered to me by
one of the most prominent men in
. Cleveland, by telegram," said Mrs.
Chadwick. "He said that a wire
would bring him here to furnish any
unocnl of bail that would be wanted.
I have had at least half a dozen prom
inent persons offer me bail to-day. As ;
I said before, I am a wreck. The way
my son and maid, have been harassed
by you young men is absolutely em
barrassing. I want it understood that
I am going home simply because it Is
the place where I should be. I shall
not give bail when I get to Cleveland.
I have the best motive in the world
for not doing so. The history of this,
case from beginning to end will soon
be published in a certain newspaper."
"You will call names, won't you?"
interrupted Carptener.
T shall use no names." corrected
Mrs. Chadwick. "I promised to give
out my story an( i It may take weeks
to get it out. It may be, however, that
It will be published to-morrow, next
■week or in a month, but certainly not
until all my obligations are paid. I
have not tried to flee from any one.
not even from the newspaper men,"
she continued with a smile. "When
you young men thought that I was
sick at the Holland House I walked
out right by you and went to the
Fifth Avenue Hotel and afterward
took a cab back to the Holland and
went to bed. I left the Holland
House one night and went out walk-
Ing between two of the most promi
nent men in New York City. I had
dinner with them at Sherry's and
came back and you did not see me."
WILL NOT DISCUSS CARNEGIE.
"Even on the night that it was re
ported you had committed suicide you
went out, didn't you, Mrs. Chadwick?"
asked Carpenter.
"Yes, I left the Holland at 8 o'clock
and went to the home of one of the
most prominent men in New York and
stayed there until 11:30. When I re
turned to the hotel the elevator man
v. ho took me upstairs winked at me
and whispered: 'The newspaper men
say it is rumored that you have com
mitted Buicide." I said to him: 'Let
the:n say what they please.' "
"Will you say anything about your
relations with Mr. Cargenie?" was
asked.
"I am not going to be questioned,"
• she replied. "I have nothing to say
JN'O. J. FULTON'. CO.
ERSONAL
William H. Maneely of 1904 X. Seven-
teenth street, Philadelphia, a prominent
Mason of the Quaker City (member of
the famous Mary Commandery), was in
this city recently, the guest of his
nephew. J. E. Adams, the well-known
merchant of 325 Front street. Fifteen
months before h!s visit his death was
anticipated daily. He was in the last
stages of Brighfs Disease, combined
with Diabetes, and to cna.ble him to sleep
his temperature had to be reduced with
ic*. The phypJcians looked for his death
from day to day. ««.».«
One of the most prominent Dhvulrlnn*
in Philadelphia at this juncture did a
most unusual thing. He sent word to
lUaeely that he could probably recover
if he would change his treatment to a
diuretic made In California, called Ful-
ton's Compound, as he had himself lust
gotten recoveries In cases he was treat-
ins wjth It. His suggestion was fol-
lowed and the result was Maneely's re-
covery and visit to California. Mr
Maneely pave the names of several cases
of Bright's Disease and Diabetes who
had likewise recovered, including Ricard
Filbert and Mrs. E. T. Snow of that city
and Ftated that there were now fifty-two
physicians in the Quaker City savlne
lives* with Fulton'* Compounds. If any-
body questions this remarkable recovery
we would refer thom to Mr. J. E. Adams
of 225 Front street.
When to cuspect Bright's Disease
weakness or loss of weight; puffy ankles
hands or eyelids; Kidney trouble after
th*»thJrd month: urine may show sedi-
ment; failing vision: drowsiness: one or-
more of these. If yc*u - have . either of
th«*se symptom* send* for pamphlet to
the-Jno. J. Fulton Co., 409 . Washington
•treet, S. F. .. ; -■■■<,
about Mr. Carnegie and nothing to
say about any one else. I want to say
emphatically that I have not been
compelled to return to Cleveland. If
the Grand Jury had indicted me fifty
times I would have gone back Just the
same. I was ready to go back a week
ago last Saturday. I had all my
things packed, but they wanted me to
£o down to Wall street."
Mrs. Chadwick would not say who
"they" meant.
"The result was that I did not get
away." she continued. "I feel a little
better than I did a week ago, but am
still nervous and I can hardly stand
on my feet."
Mrs. Chadwick was taken from the
Tombs in a carriage by Marshal Hen
kel shortly before 4 o'clock. An hour
earlier Carpenter had gone to the of
fice of United States District Attorney
Burnett in the Federal building and in
formed him that his cleint would
waive examination. Marshal Henkel
and Commissioner Shields were noti
fied at the same time.
BECOMES HYSTERICAL.
At the Tombs, in deference to the
protests of Mrs. Chadwick. Warden
Flynn permitted Henkel's carriage to
be driven into the courtyard, in order
that the prisoner might avoid the bat
tery of cameras. The party drove rap
idly to the Federal building and the
woman was taken to the Marshal's
office, no one but herself and Marshal
Henkel being permitted In the eleva
tor. Arriving in the Marshal's office
the woman almost collapsed. Commis
sioner Shields was notified and came
to the office, cancelled the commit
ment and formally delivered her over
to the Federal authorities. She was
then taken before Judge Adams of the
United States Circuit Court, who
signed an order for her removal to
Cleveland.
Mrs. Chadwick was hysterical when
she returned to the Marshal's office,
and it required the combined efforts of
the Marshal and Carpenter to soothe
her.
After her meeting with the reporters
Mrs. Chadwick waited in the Mar
shal's office until time to leave for the
Grand Central station, when she came
out leaning heavily on Marshal Hen
kel's arm and that of Carpenter. With
Deputy Marshals guarding them, the
party walked to the elevator and de
scended to the street. There Mrs.
Chadwick was assisted into the car
riage and was at once driven away.
When the carriage reached the Hotel
Breslin, at Twenty-ninth street ana
Broadway, the party stopped and Mar
shal Henkel went into the hotel. He
returned in a few minutes with the
maid, who carried several bundles.
She. with Marshal Henkel and one or
the deputies, accompanied Mrs. Chad
wick to the station. The maid accom
panied Mrs. Chadwick to Cleveland.
JUDGE OLCOTT A "LAMB."
Tells How He Was Deceived by Cassic
L. Chadwick.
NEW YORK, Dec,. 13. — "I was a
lamb and I regret to say that for fif
teen days I believed in Mrs. Chadwick
and was one of her many victims,"
said ex-Judge William H. K. Olcott,
of a law firm of which ex-Governor
Frank S. Black is a member, to-day.
He continued: ,
My connection and the Arm's connection with
Mr». Chadwick Is In about this way. Mrs".
Chadwick came to "our office on March 2. 1904.
and faw ex-Governor Black and myself. She
toid the Governor that »he wanted him to go
to Cleveland; that his position as former Gov
ernor of the State of New York would help
her to settle her affairs, and ehe drew from
her reticule $1000 and laid It In front of Gov
ernor Black for his expenses to Cleveland.
The Governor concluded not to fro, and It was
flnallr decided that I should go and for my
fee for one day In Cleveland she paid $500.
The object of her visit to u» waa to have
us relieve her from a threatened attachment
apalnM her home on Euclid avenue Cleveland
which waa to fcave been levied upon by Ober-
Un College for a claim of $78,0QO. This claim.
I understood, waj later paid but not through
thla firm's autplce*. .
Mr*. Chadwick. In that slow, impressive
manner of hers, said to Governor Black: "I
am a very rich woman. I have $5,000,000 In
a trust fund." We were naturally impressed.
In order to make good her statement she pro
duced Irl Reynolds' certificate for the $5.000,C00
of securities held by him. This .naturally led
us to believe that the woman spoke the truth.
I went to Cleveland that nicht— the night of
March 3 — and remained there all of March 4
returning on March 5. On my arrival in Cleve
land I asked .Mrs. Chadwick to show me her
securities, but under one pretext or another
ehe evaded the proposition and did not enow
them to me. Her excuse all the time was
that In Reynolds was out of town, and finally
after banking hours. 'when I Insisted upon see
ing either the securities or Iri Reynolds she
got Mr. Reynolds on the telephone. I talked
with him and he acknowledged to me having
these securities In his possession. At that
time I believed that they were all right.
Armed with this Information I saw the law
yers of the Oberlln College and Treasurer Sev
erance and inquired about a settlement. They
wanted to know from me If I had any aa
rurances of settlement other than what Mm
Chadwick had given me. I told them that i
had not. They replied to me: "Why you do
not know any more about this caae than we
do.
I had to admit the soft Impeachment As
far as my accomplishing anything with Mrs
Chadwick and the Oberlin people was con
cerned, my visit was futile.- and my trio to
Cleveland ended right there. P
Olcott said that before he left
Cleveland Mrs. Chadwick borrowed
$1500 of him, making out a check for
that amount. She promised, he said,
that the check would be sent or the
money paid not later than March 6,
but she did not do so. He continued:
. I then became somewhat suspicious but not
entirely bo. I still had confidence in her and
probably would 'have believed her to this day
were it net for the fact that I heard from
Cleveland that ehe bad been representing It
about town that I was Mr. Carnegie's repre
sentative, letters to this effetft, asking me
If I were really Mr. Carnegie's representative
c&nie to me and then I lost faith In Mrs. Chad
wick and determined to get my money back.
On March 15 I went to Cleveland and de
manded from Mrs. Chadwick Immediate pay
ment of the $1500 I had loaned her. She re
plied: "Why. . I am a sick woman and. I
cannot pay you to-day." I told her in reply
that I came to 'Cleveland to -get that money,
to get it that day, - and that I should not
leave without it: that if I did not get the
money I would take legal steps against her.
Ehe said that If I Insisted ehe would have the
money Inside of two hours.
At the expiration of two hours I returned
and she paid me $1500. That terminated this
firm's connection with Mrs. Chadwick. Since
then Sin. Chadwick has made repeated efforts
to again retain thla firm to help her out of
her difficulties, but we have always refused
to have anything more to do with her. In
spite of these repeated refusals on our part,
Mrs. Chadwick persisted in her efforts to se
cure the firm's assistance and even on the day
of the arrest of Mrs. Chadwick nhs, sent her
lawyer Edmund W. Powers, to me ■' to retain
us. but we refused* And even no later than
yesterday we were again asked to bs her
counsel and as usual we refused. "*.'■'•'■ *
I cannot reveal the secrets of my client, 'but
I want . to say., that ehe gave. me reasons for
the Inception of the truit fund .which "have
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt-, WEDNESDAY,; DECEMBER 14,. 1904.
Woman Waives Examina
tion and Is Going Home
TALKS TO THE PRESS
not yet been told, which Impressed both Gov
ernor Black and myself and which I am not
at liberty to disclose.
BAIL OR IMPRISONMENT.
Alternatives Confronting Mrs. Chad
wick in Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, Dec. 13.— The pros
pects to-night are that when Mrs.
Chadwick arrives here she will be
compelled to go to jail, unless she can
give bail in the amount of $40,000.
United States Marshal Frank M.
Chandler said that Mrs. Chadwick
would be taken before Judge Wing,
who would be sitting in the United
States District Court, where, if she
could give bonds, she would be re
leased. Failing to do so, she would be
placed in the county Jail.
The County Grand Jury to-day re
sumed its investigation of the affairs
of Mrs. Chadwick, but returned no in
dictment against her. It is under
stood that an indictment relating to
the uttering and forging of the $5,000,
000 note on deposit in the Wade Park
Bank, which was the principal matter
considered by the investigating body
to-day, had been drafted.
The Grand Jury will meet again to
morrow and if no indictment is brought
in the Inquiry into the affairs of the
county may be considered as ended for
the present.
District Attorney Sullivan to-nieht
received word from Andrew Carneele
that he was suffering from lumbago
and would not be able to attend the
investigation to-morrow. Carneeie.
however, will attend the trial of Mrs.
Chadwick.
Herbert W. Bell, who was appointed
received for Mrs. Chadwick by the
Common Pleas Court, caused excite
ment this morning. He announced that
he had found the Chadwick securities
that had been deposited with the Wade
Park Bank to aggregate $28,000,000, or
nearly double the amount orieinally
supposed. Bell made, this announce
ment before entering the Grand Jury
room to testify as to the nature of the
papers in his possession.
After going over the papers with
County Prosecutor Keeler and the
members of the Jury. Bell altered his
statement, saying that he had over
estimated the amount by $10,246,000. the
face of the trust agreement. There
were two copies of this agreement
among the papers, neither of them be
ing marked as a duplicate, and he had
considered them as separate docu
ments. It was the opinion of both the
receiver and prosecuting attorney that
the second trust agreement was in
tended to be a copy and not a distinct
asset in itself. The amount of securi
ties is. therefore, the same as previous
ly published.
HINTS AT NEW SENSATION.
Clergymnn Intimates the Carnegie
Signatures Are Genuine.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Dec! 13.— Rev. A.
H. Jolly, who united Mrs. Chadwick in
marriage with his cousin. Dr. Leroy S.
Chadwick, in an interview to-day ad
mitted that he was in possession of
several important secrets in connection
with the famous case, but could not
talk for publication. He made a plea
for fair play for Mrs. Chadwick and
said she was a grossly wronged wo
man.
Questioned as to the truth of the
rumor that Mrs. Chadwick had suc
ceeded in negotiating a loan for $800,
000 in Pittsburg he declined to confirm
or deny the report. Continuing he
said:
"It is claimed the paper held by Mrs.
Chadwick is forged- Do you know
that it was forged paper? No one else
does. It remains for the court to prove
that."
At this Junction Jolly was inter
rupted.
"Do you mean to convey the mean
ing that the securities are not worth
less ; that the signatures. on the notes
are genuine?"
"I have not said so," quickly replied
Jolly. "Watch developments ■' in this
case. It is a peculiar affair. I know
of several interesting points in the case
and I could answer the majority of
your questions, but I will not do it- I
am determined to remain silent in con
nection with all the troubles of the
Chadwick family."
DENOUNCES CHADWICK.
Beckwlth Says the Woman's Husband
Should Be Prosecuted.
OBERLIN, Ohio, Dec. 13. — Presi
dent Beckwith, when shown the Paris
interview with Dr. Chadwick, who
seemed surprised that his wife was so
heavily involved in America, said:
Why, he knew all about this matter upon
his return from Europe last August Or.
August 2C I got a telegram from Mrs. Chad
wick eaying that the matter of the Carnegie
note would be taken up In a few days anrt
that I would get my money. On August 27
I got another telegram from her saying that
the matter had all been arranged and that I
could look for a settlement at any time. On
August 28 I got a letter from her sayln*
that Dr. Chadwick was to take up the matter
of the Carnegie notes and that they would all
b<j paid at once, and . that If I would come to
Cleveland on September » I could get a set
tl<-ment. *
Accordingly I went to Cleveland and* met
them at the Chadwick home on Euclid avenue.
I arrived about 4 o'clock In the afternoon at
their beautiful home and Dr. Chadwick had
arrived from New York on the 2 o'clock train.
CHILDREN VIRTUAL SLAVES
OP OWNERS OF FACTORIES
Cases Found Where Youngsters Aro
Overworked, Underpaid and
Fined for Talking.
NEW, YORK, Dec. 13.— Two men.
one the manager of a candy factory
and the other a partner in a woven
wire mat factory, have been arrested
on charges preferred by factory in
spectors of violation of the child labor
law. The magistrate who heard the
complaint declared the charges to be
unusual and if true indicated a condi
tion of virtual slavery. ;,
One'of the factory inspectors said
she found at the candy-maker's two
girls of 13 and 14 years who worked
sixty-eight hours • in six days., for
which \jhey received $3. One of the
children' had been fined 10. cents for
talking during business hours and "2
cents for having been five minutes late
one morning.
Christmas Leather ' Goods.
No charge for lettering your name In
gold on pocketbooks, card cases, cameras,"
wrist, bags, traveling sets, trunks,'
valises and dress suit cases., or any other
fine leather goods purchased at our store.
Open evenings. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market* street, r : - •-
having Just returned from Europe. The ques
tion of the Chadwick, loans waa brought up
end be Mid that, as he had just returned
from Europe, It would be impossible for him
to raise any money until the end of that
week or by Monday moraine of the next. I
told him that I must have some money at
once and that I wanted some at that time
"Well," said Dr. Chadwick. "I can give
you $20,000 now and next week I will send
you some more, which will help you out."
He then asked his wife to get him the check
book and she told him that It was out in
tha other room and he left the room where
Mrs. Chadwick and myself were sitting and
In a few minutes returned with two checks,
which read as follows:
"CLEVELAND, Ohio. Sept. 3. 1804.— Pay to
tn« order of C. L. Beckwlth. or. order, $10,000
(ten thousand dollars).
"LEROY S. CHADWICK."
These two checks he brought out to me
end handed them over with hlg own hands.
These were in payment for two notes which
had been given to us by Sirs. Chadwick — two
Carnegie notes. Do*sn"t it look to you as
though he knew something about his wife's
doings? They ought to bring him back to
this country and prosecute him to th« full
extent of the law. He knew of the Carnegie
notes as well as she did, and I know that
the subject was talked over by Reynolds and
himtelf.
LEFT DEBTS IN BRUSSELS.
Mrs. Chadwick Neglected to Pay for
Jewels and Laces.
BRUSSELS, Belgium, Dec. 13. — In a
futile search in this city for Dr. Leroy
S. Chadwick, the Etoile Beige asserts
it has discovered that his wife left
debts in Brussels, notably $18,000 due
to a jeweler and $12,000 owing to a
lace merchant Mrs. Chadwick, while
In Brussels, lived expensively, her
hotel bill alone amounting to $30 a
day.
CALIFORNIA MAN WEDS
• WELL KNOWN ACTRESS
Miss Rudolph of "San Toy" Company
Becomes the Bride of Jefferson
T. Graves.
DENVER, Dec. 13. — Miss Mlna
Rudolph, leading lady of the "San
Toy" company, and J.
Graves of California, a* reputed mil
lionaire, were married to-day, by Jus
tice of the Peace Hynes of this city.
The couple immediately left for Cal
ifornia.
, Miss Rudolph was seriously injured
in an automobile accident in Los An
geles recently, but has almost entirely
recovered.
DROPS DEAD WHEN SHE
HAS TO RECITE VERSE
Ten- Year-Old Girl Succumbs From
Excitement- arid Fear -in New
York.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13. — Excitement
and nervousness because '.she was to
recite a verse' from" the' Bible at the
Christmas entertainment 'of' a church
in Brooklyn have caused the death of
May Young, 10 years old. While she
and ninety-nine other little girls were
at » the church rehearsing for the en
tertainment she stepped from the line
to recite her verse and fell forward on
her face, dead.
Christmas Toilet Sets
Toilet sets in"" staghorn, celluloid and
fine leather cases, $1.00, $2.00. $3.00.
$4.00. $5.00, $10.00 and $20.00 each. As
usual we have the greatest variety and
best values of good things: also hand,
standing and triplicate mirrors for hand
some and useful Christmas presents.
Open evenings. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
FARCE COMEDY AT SOUTH PARK SET
TLEMENT. — The pupils of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting will give a farce comedy
to-morrow evening at the South Park Settle
ment. An original farce written by Miss
Edna Waymire will be presented.
r •; ; . ., ' .ADVERTISEMENTS.
Reasons Why You Should .^^^L
Have U$ Make Your Clothes
You probably have some place where you buy all U v3o|^
your clothes— just happened to order a suit there, and -(^^©|^^ fi^^.-^S?^''
If'the price doesn't make any difference to you, keep ' :^mj^^^^^^
on going to your favorite tailor.
If the price does make a difference— if you want to l^/Pv'^^B^^^^^S *
dress well at the least possible cost— the only thing to do fyv^^^M^^^^^^^^A'
is to order your clothes here. There isn't a v tailor on this
coast who comes anywhere near meeting our prices. He
buys his cloth through jobbers— we buy direct from P^psSl^^^^^^^
the mills— that's where the difference comes in. ftS^^^S^^^^^^^
Mind you, we make suits in all grades from $.10 up I^Mii^S^^^^^^^^
to $35. In each instance the price is fully one-third less :^^^^^^^MSbj^^S
than what you must pay your tailor for the very same
quality of goods and workmanship. . v . •
You run no risk in a trial here— money back instantly :Bf^KS^^ Blllm
Think it over— but better yet, talk it over with some fc^^K^^SrSp^^^^ftk
fellow who trades here. He knows. x Ji^^^^P^SpfcK^^^^^^^
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers A|§?.J^ ,-jf' ' , 1^^^^^^^
through our self-measuring system — write for blank and samples. &^^8^*^^
740 Market St. andCor. Powell and Eddy "*
HALL WRECKED
BY DEPUTIES
Interior of the Parliament
House Torn to Pieces by
the Opposition in Hungary
FIGHT WITH GUAKDS
Violent Scenes Enacted in
the Endeavor to Prevent
Opening of the Session
BUDAPEST, Dec. 13.— Violent as
have been the scenes at past sessions
of the Hungarian Parliament, they
have been entirely overshadowed by
the wreckage effected by members of
the Opposition party this morning in
their successful efforts to prevent the
opening of Parliament. A quarter of
an hour before 'the time appointed for
the commencement of business the Op
position mustered in full strength. Not
one of the Government's supporters
had arrived, and the Opposition had
the house to itself with the exception
of the personal guard of forty men pro
vided for the protection of the presi
dent, of the house. The presence of
these guards, who occupied the apj
proaches to the presidential platform,
seemed to inflame the Opposition Dep
uties, who in opprobrious terms shouted
at the "Hungarians who could perform
such shameful service."
The Deputies then approached the
platform and a scuffle with the guards
ensued. The Deputies fought their
way to the platform, tore it to pieces,
scattered the debris over the house,
tore to atoms the codes of law on the
president's table, smashed the tables
and chairs and destroyed the platform
and . distributed the broken pieces
among the Deputies, who, thus armed,
attacked the guards arrd after a brief
flght drove them from the house.
The desks were then torn down and
the interior of the house^, was almost
completely wrecked. None of the Lib
eral members ventured inside the
house, and the Opposition members,
after completing the ruin, established
themselves on the site erstwhile oc
cupied by the presidential rostrum.
The Liberals have been summoned to
a conference to decide on their course
of action. The sittings in both houses
of Parliament arranged for to-day
were postponed until to-morrow.
Minister of Justice Plosz had a con
ference to-nighrwith the Public Pros
ecutor and arranged for the prosecu
tion of the offending Deputies. It is
rumored that the troops will be held
in readiness provided with ball cart
ridges near the Parliament building
to-morrow and Premier Tizsa is said
to be determined to hold the sitting
under the protection of bayonets.
SCHOOL IN NEW YORK HAS
FIVE THOUSAND STUDENTS
One of Largest In the World Opened
In Metropolis of the
Country.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13. — One of the
largest public schools In the world has
been opened atnEast'Hbnston.' Lewis
and East Third streets" in this city.
The building is now entirely complet
ed and the classes are In working or
der. There are 5185 pupils and 111
teachers. For the opening day the girl
students of the school cooked lunch
eon in the cooking school.
Big Sanitarium for Utah.
SALT LAKE CITY, Dec. 13. — Nego
tiations have practically been closed
for the building of a $500,000 hotel
and sanitarium near this city to util
ize the waters of several hot sulphur
springs, as well as the salt water from
Great Salt Lake, which will be piped
a distance of sixteen miles to the san
itarium.
Ames Jury Again Disagrees.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 13. — The jury
in the fifth trial of former Mayor
Ames for bribery has disagreed and
was discharged by Judge Elliott to-"
day. This is the fourth disagreement,
the one conviction having been over
turned by the Supreme Court.
ASSASSIN GETS
LIFE SENTENCE
Murderer of Yon Plehwe
to Pass His Remaining
Years at Hard Labor
END OF NOTED TKIAL
Accomplice of. the Bomb
Thrower: Is Let Off With
a Twenty -"Year Term
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 13.—Sason
eff. who threw the bomb which killed
Minister of the Interior von Plehwe.
and Sikorifsky, ..his . accomplice In
crime, were to-day found guilty by the
Court of Appeals, sitting in the law
court building. The former waa sen
tenced to life imprisonment with hard
labor and the latter to twenty years*
imprisonment. r T " V -; a
The trial had been expected to last
two days, but It waa rushed to a
speedy completion, In view, of the pos
sibility of revolutionary demonstra
tions. The trial waa behnd closed doors
and all entrances to the building were
guarded and only persons who could
produce summonses were admitted.
Even members of the bar were treated
as outsiders. Large police reserves
were stationed within the building and
in the court yards of the ordinance
factory, while mounted gendarmes pa
trolled the sides of the building.
The procedure followed closely that
of the French courts. The prosecutor
opened with presenting the case for
the Government, the indictment was
read and the prisoners were arraigned,
pleading Justifiable homicide, after
which the witnesses were examined.
BasonefC's apologia is declared to be
a remarkable document, showing the
prisoner to b« a man of superior in
tellect and learning. It nils several
closely • written pages, was drawn up
while he lay in the hospital and sets
forth the alms and purposes of the
Social revolutionary party, and the
fighting organization, the reasons and
motives for the murder of Minister von
Plehwe, and also his version of the
crime himself.
Toward night, when the shops and
factories were closed, the size of the
crowds increased and there were ♦oc
casional shouts of "Acquit them!" but
there was no attempt at an actual
demonstration. Only a few arrests
were made.
MEMBER OF HIS OWN UNION
ACTS AS HIS EXECUTIONER
Electrician Put to Death In the Chair
hi Xew York State for
Murder.
AUBURN. N. Y., Dec. 13.— Nelson
Boggianno, 24 years of age, was put
to death in the electric .chair at the
Auburn prison to-day for the murder
of Henry Bender at Buffalo June 29,
1903. Boggianno was an electrician
and had said he had no fear of death
in the chair because he knew it would
not „ hurt. :- He. had also said that he
and the public executioner belonged to
the same union and that he was will
ing to help out a brother unionist.
Creditors' Notice.
The entire stock of Baron's, 732 Mar
ket street, consisting of some of the fin
est Suits. Cloaks, Jackets, Furs. etc..
that has ever been shown will be sold
for the benefit of his creditors. Every
body knows the reputation of Baron as
a maker of fine garments and .this will
be a rare opportunity to purchase a fine
garment far below the actual cost of
production. .No reasonable offer will be
refused, as every garment will be sold
as soon as possible. — E. J. Hanson, as
signee. 762 Market street. .•«
Filipinos Start for Home.
SEATTLE, Dec. 13. — When the
steamer Iyo Maru of the Nippon Yu
sen Kaisha line of steamers sailed
from this port to-day she had as pas
sengers' 248 Filipinos, who are re
turning to ' their island homes from
the St. Louis Exposition. The delega
tion consists of representatives from
nearly every tribe in the Philippines.
■;':*••-. srusiCAL. y"i ; >
WHAT DO YOU
THINfrOF THIS
We Have Saved it for Our Last
Day to Draw Trade, and it's
a "Steinway" lor $250.
Looks Like New, Acts Like New,
and Was Sold, We Under-
stand, for $1000.
Is the Most Elaborate and Costly
Regular Style Ever Cata-
logued by Steinway.
Now taJk about your bargains. Just
look at this: Here is one of the cele-
brated Steinway & Sons' pianos (used
but not abused), which as a teaser to
draw trade, we offer to-day for $250, on
terms of $25 down and $10 a month.
Steinway is one of the five old stand-
ard makes of national reputation,
which stand at the head of American
piano building, and which always
bring the highest price obtained for
pianos In this country.
The five celebrated pianos are: Tha
Steinway, Weber, Knabe, Steck and
Chlckering. They have always com-
manded prices from $530 to $750, and
perhaps always will command these-
prices.
This Steinway bargain I offer to-day
is a larjje handsome cabinet grand, in
beautiful shade of mahogany case-
sounds just hke new, and looks tha
same. Every .part of it 13 perfect, and
the piano is well worth $300. Its orig-
inal price we are told was $1000.
We will roll this piano on the floor
at exactly 11 o'clock this morning, and
the first person who draws a pocket-
book with $25 in it can take this rarest
cf rare bargains. This Steinway piano
can be used for ten years and then
sold for more money than we here of-
fer it. Get here by 11 or you'll get left.
Have two other rare bargains in
slightly used pianos tone but sixty
days) and two elaborate flrst-clas:*
"factory samples" to sacrifice to-day
(as per factory's order) at $25 down
and $30 per month.
This is probably our last day of tha
sale, as printer's ink comes high here,
but we'll be open till 11 o'clock to-night,
"doing business every hour, at 126 Geary
street, opposite the City of Parts dry
goods store. CLARK WISE & CO.
A. A. Fisher, Manager. ■■■■' -T.-
TO ADTERTISEKS.
_ . ' . ; ' -■■■;"■-■
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition , after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P.M. _^
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
Callfornlans in New York.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13. — The follow
ing Californians arrived in New York
to-day:
From San Francisco — R. Barry, at
the Marlborough; C. T. Crocker, at
the Holland; C. E. Peacock and W.
Wright, at the Victoria; W. F. Barnes,
at the Astor; B. S. Donahue, at the
Imperial; A. F. McFarlafid. at the
Holland; S. R. Lorant, at the Impe
rial; J. A. Thompson, at the Grand
Union.
From San Jose — C. Lindberg, at tha
Bartholdi.
Derailed Freight Delays Train.
HEALDSBURG. Dec. 13. — The
southbound California Northwestern
passenger train was delayed two hours
here to-day by the derailing 1 of a
freight train at Echo.
34
WILL SUPPRESS
ALL LOTTERIES
t »
Board of Police Commission
ers Orders Chief Witt man
to Prosecute Companies
RESOLUTION A SURPRISE
Directs That Sufficient Men
Be Detailed to Insure
the End of the Traffic
The Board of. Police Commissioners
iaoved against the fortunes of the
white man last night by declaring that
he ffca'.I not do that which I*' denied
the </hine*e-pumie wealth through
the medium of lottery. A resolution,
well embellished with "whereases
*iated first that as Chinese lotteries
have been driven to the wall it is now
time to take up the fight against tne
whiu> lottery companies. After mak
ing thiF statement the resolution di
rected the Chief of Polite to ascertain
the addre.c«s of all lottery companies
f.perating in this city and then to > de
tail sufficient policemen to insure their
Fupr»re5?ion. The resoluton came
without a warning with the result that
there will be a *curryinp for the shelt
er of the woods to-day.
It was stated by the commissioners
that th" lottery ticket peddlers have
become a nuisame and the companies
a menace to the rm»rals»of the city.
Affentg of the companies*, it was said,
annoyed business men at-their labors,
stalked through the hotels and button
holed the pedestrian on the public
streevf. until now they must seek new
vocations.
Chief of Police Wittman said that ne
hart two detectives regularly detailed
rounding up the white lottery operat
or? Arrests were made every day. ha
continued, and the lottery people had
become «"> wen' that it was difficult
to prove a case against them.
TICKETS IX VAULTS.
Instead of maintaining regular
headquarters many of them now keep
their tickets in safe deposit vaults,
vhfir ivy canuct be reafb*d/ocly :• -
moving enough each d^y to keep their
peddlers supplied and the peddlers took
care never to offer a ticket for sale in
the presence of an officer. To-day,
however, the raid on the white lotteries
will begin and interesting developments
ar^ awaited.
Patrolman John Edwards, who was
accused of arresting Andrew Bahrs
without cause, on a charge of disturb
ing the peace, while the latter was
walking down Powell street with his
wife, trail acquitted of the charge. It
was shosvn that the patrolman had act
ed properly. Bahrs' proved to be an
unwilling witness and asked permission
to withdraw the charge, but the com
mission was abdurate and insisted that
he proceed. He then told his story,
giving as his opinion that Patrolman
Edwards was drunk when he made the
arrest. Edwards denied the charge that
he had acted without warrant and
called several policemen to 'testify as
to hu; sobriety. The commission then
found in his favor.
COMMISSION" DIVIDED.
3n the matter of the charges that
Jtihn B. Morgan, proprietor of Morgan's
cafe, Eddy street, near Powell, was re
sponsible for the fact that a woman
sold iiquo-r without a license in the flat
on the third floor above the cafe, the
commission was divided. Commissioner
Howell said that he knew Mr. Morgan
conducted his cafe in an orderly man
ner and had always complied with the
rules of the commission. Hcrw, he said.
Mi. Morgan could be held responsible
for the acts of other tenants of the
building he could not see. The vote on
revocation was then abandoned, but the
question was put in issue on a motion
to renew the license of the cafe, which
expires on the 19th inst. Howell and
Drinkhouse voted in favor of the re
rewal of the license, but Reagan and
Hutton voted againet it. The question
will be taken up again at the next
meeting of the commission.
Robert Lass, who conducted a saloon
Et 8 Clay street and lost his license
through playing practical jokes on pat
rons that resulted in the serious injury
of one, was granted the right to open
his saloon for four weeks to enable
him to sell out.
rKTITlONS IX INSOL.VENXT-— PetltlOai
in insolvency were filed yesterday tn the
Vrlted Stat»« District Court as follows:
Afiaus J. F. Andresen, farmer, Santa Rona
ll«billtie« »712. assets *134; J. W. Barrett &
Co.. fruit dealers, Sacramento liabilities
$.'iOTS, no afs^tn.
ADVERTISEMEyrS.
Pacific Shirt Co
Special
Bargains in
I*. Underwear,
Dig Neckwear,
Q+/%s*1r Fancy Shirts,
MOCK White Shirts
1 J Half Hose,
• Pajamas, :
Nightshirts,
Sweaters,
Umbrellas,
j Suspenders,
Great .£&§£•
V allies Furnishings •
for Men,
Our two big show win-
dows tel! the money-saving
story better than- we could
with a page of type, talk.
\ . ' ■
OFZV EVXHIKOS UKTII. XMA.S.
1036-1038 Market St..
Junction Turk end Market Sts. *
MAUVAiS MUSIC CO.
£33 MARKET ST.. 0PP. MASON-
Agents TALKAPHONE Machines
NEARLY A MILLION
WILL BE EXPENDED
Regents .of ! Uoiveirsilty . • Ainnraoiuipce
■ -Pliaiis 'for Cohstnaction.
New Library- and Museum and Agricultural
College to Cost a Big Sum. .
A marked advance toward the con
struction of the new University of
California was made by the Board of
Regents of that institution at a meet
ing held at the Hopkins Institute ol
Art yesterday afternoon. !
The Committee on Buildings and
Grounds filed a report with the board
recommending that work begin imme
diately on the construction of a library
and museum in accordance with the
plans of John Galen Howard, the uni
versity architect. These plans, it was
stated, were found to be highly satis
factory and In conformity with the
general scheme for the reconstruction
of the university buildings.
Though the library when completed
will cost in the neighborhood of $2,000.
000, only one wing will be constructed
in the immediate future at a cost ot
something over $600,000, of which more
than $100,000 is on hand and the rest
promised for the purpose. After some
discussion it was, decided to , resubmlt
the question of the construction of this
wins of the library to the Committee
on Buildings and Grounds . for the
further determination of the merits oi
the details of the Howard plans, and
then to place ite second report in the
hands of the Finance Committee for
definite action. From the statements
of members of the board yesterday it
is evident that this great work will
soon commence. .
Another recommendation was made
l.v the board that action be taken to
secure in the near future a building for
the agriculture department and the
purchase of a farm for the carrying on
of the practical work. that attaches to
this department.
PAKDEK PLACES L.1M1T.
Though it was stated that Governor
Paruee. in view of the many other
needs of the State, would not sanction
an appropriation larger than - fft>OjM0
for this building and farm. -th« -com
mittee recommended that an appro
priation of $200,000 for the coj?. 4 "" 11 ""
of the building and one of tto 000 for
the purchase of a farm be applied for.
It was stated that the building will
be constructed on J.he university
grounds in conformity with the general
Plans, but just where a suitable farm
can be found remains to be determined.
The entire question was referred to the
Finance Committee.
The Finance Committee also naq
placed in its hands for final determina
tion a recommendation thaf $5000 be
appropriated for the construction of
suitable buildings at the forestry sta
tion at Santa Sionlea. The buildings
on the station lands, which were pre
sented to the university by ex-Senator
John P. Jones of Nevada, were recent
ly burned. It was also stated by -a
member of the board that if the laryls
now heia by the universary were not
satisfactory for the purpose .Senator
Jones will donate other lands in the
immediate vicinity. In view of this
new offer of Senatpr Jones . It . -paa de
cided that the question of,^appropria
tion should be put over until such, time
as the question of location can be de
termined. '. V ; ■
Another important question taken up
by the board was as to whether or not
the university should send its educa
tional exhibit from the St. Louis Ex
position to the Lewis and" Clark Cen
tennial Exposition, which will open at
Portland. Or., next year. • President
Wheeler said that the exhibit had been
awarded -four grand prizes, one gold
medal and one silver medal by the St.
Louis Judges and he recommended
that the exhibit be sent north. After
some discussion it was agreed to sub
mit the question to the finance com
mittee, which will ask the Legislature,
which meets next month, to make an
appropriation for the purpose. . .
QUESTION OP SECRETARY.
The question of the appointment of
a secretary to th« board wa»i next
taken up, and at the recommendation
of the finance committee, notwith
standing the protest of Regent Budd,
was allowed to remain as it now
stands. The finance committee . -said
that it thought it inexpedient at this
time to make any recommendation
and that the " present situation, with
an acting secretary doing the work,,
be permitted to prevail. Regent Buda
said that In his opinion it was illegal,
when the board had authoritv to ap
point a secretary at will, to permit
a so-called acting secretary to draw
the secretary's salary. His protest re
sulted in the auestlon being put to a
vote with the result that Budd was
supported by only one of hi* col
leagues, Elllnwood. It now ' looks, as
though the new year will be growing
old before this question is finally set-^
tied. . -•" ;
Regent Budd asked that the board
make an appropriation of $500 to carry
on experiments in flax culture in Cali
fornia, J-Jr. Budd said that ■ experi
ments conducted at Stockton had de
termined that it could be grown here,
and that' If experiments demonstrated
that it -could be grown on a cqmtner*.
cial basis it would open a hew indus
try that would mean millions to- the
State. Professor HllgaM, he said,
had stated that flax was indigenous
to the State and could be grown any
where within its borders. The ques
tion will be finally determined at the
next meeting of the board. '.- \ ;
CAN' ESTABLISH HOSPITAL).
A communication from the attorney
of the board was received stating that
the desire of the faculty of the College
of Medicine of the university to re
ceive a fund for the establishment of
a hospital within; the, grounds of the
Affiliated Col'.«ges was entirely within
the law and that the board might ad
minister etich fund. As donations .for
such a purpose have been offered "it la
probable that within the near future
a hospital. will be established that will
enable the students of the college to
secure practical experience under the
direction of ' the . physicians that com
pose the faculty of .the college. : ;
In accordance with the recommenda
tion of President Wheeler the resigna
tion was. accepted of Dr. . Martin ,» H.
Fischer as assistant. professor of physi
ology, and Dr. John ,Bruce . MacCallum
was appointed assistant prof essor ., of
physiology in his place. '.'. • •
R. E. Mansell, who has had much ex
perience as a landscape gardener In
England, was appointed gardener of
the collets of agriculture at a salary of
$75 per month, and was plven the use
of one. of the university cottages. .
Mrs.' Zelia Nuttall .was; appointed
fleld director of the Crocker-Reid re
search in Mexico, a work of anthro
pological Investigation. , which issup
ported .through , the aid -of -.Mrs. • Wllr
Ham H. Crocker. of San Francisco . and
M rs. "SVhltelaw Reid of New 7 York. ;.
Resolutions were presented from 'the
farmers' institutes' at Willits, Napa
County. Elk Grove and Healdsburp,
. thanking the university for farmers'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, K. DECEMBER 14, 1904
institute work and asking for a repeti
tion of institutes.
At his request -the title of Professor
E. H. Twight was changed from as
sistant professor of viticulture and
fermentative industries to lecturer -in
zymolon' and enologry.' ' i r"-;'
PRIVATE' SCHOOLS TAXED.
Upon the recommendation of Presi
dent Wheeler the board decided to
amend its code bo as to provide that
every private school of the State shall
be charged a uniform fee of $3 for
examination by the university authori
ties as to its right for a place on tha
list of accredited schools. Heretofore
the private schools of San Francisco,
Oakland and Alameda have been ex
empted from the payment of this fee.
This fee is apart from the expenses of«
the examiner, which will also ; be
charged against the school examined
for listing:. The attorney of the board
was directed . to draw up an- amend
ment of the code in accordance with
thhi decision.
In order to conform with the recent
ly adopted code of the Regents, a com
mittee appointed for the purpose rec
ommended that the standing commit
tees be reorganized .and recommended
that thpy be appointed as follows:
Finance— Regents Foster, Hellman, " Brltton,
Dohnnann and Tausslg.
Grounds and buildings — Regent! Dohnnann,
Itelnsuln. Slack, Earl and Britton;
Equipment and supplies— Regents Tauastg,
Foster and Elllnwood. ■ i'
Agriculture and experiment itatlona — Re
grents Budd. Rowell and Emrl.
Colleges of medicine and dentistry— Regents
Britton. Retnsteln and McEnerney.
Library and museum — Regents Charles 8.
Wheeler. Kirk anff McEnerney.
Lick Observatory— Regents Slack, Charles 8.
Wheeler and Yorke. > , ,. '
Wilmprding School— Regents. Tauesff, Earl
and Budd.
Flood endowment — Regents Slack, McEner
ney and Tausslg-. , '
Kan Diego Marine Biological Laboratory —
Regents McKinley, Way mire. Slack and
Rowell.
The provision was also made that
upon the return of Mrs. Phoebe : R.
Hearst to. the State she shall become
a member of the committee on grounds
and buildings. Befor^these recom
mendations are' finally arted upon they
will be submitted to Governor Pardee
for his approval.
The board will meet on the 27th Jnst.
at ll:?o a. rn. for the purpose of con
ferring degrees on graduates of the
various colleges.
ACCIDENTS BEFALL \
JOHN LEE AND SON
Misfortunes Come Before Lonjrshore
man's Household and Two Are
Treated at Hospitals.
Hard luck confronts the family' of
John Lee, a longshoreman. This con
dition Is brought about by an accident
\% .^^tether, whaj&U ;down the hold
of. a -*e8s«l,iiip©ji wtfiHJh the was work
ing few days, ago, by which he
broke his five. ribs on his right side and
sustained ' other injuries which ren
dered him an invalid In the hospital.
' ".An. accident, befell, his l'2-yearlold
son George, yesterfia>v when ' he was
injured' by . a runaway on- Fourth
street. Young Lee, in company with
J. P. Lacroix, .was riding on a butcher
w^gon belonging to B. F. Keriney,.by
whom, both are employed, when a run
away horse knocked both from their
seats. Lacroix escaped with slig-htin-
Juries, while the Lee. boy, who was
more seriously hurt, was treated at
the Emergency Hospitalby Dr. C. W.
Millar for a" broken i collar bone and
scalp- wound/ - • ■» ' ■:.
| The wife and mother is now called
upon to provide for the invalid boy
and the remainder of -the family dur
ing the- illness "of her husband and her
son. . i ,
TO ADVERTISEKS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
"the issue* of THE CALL
HO LIDAY EDITION;
SUNDAY,* DEC. 18, NO
D.I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for .that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO"
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
.P..M. • -.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
Arrested for Bnrgrlary.
G. F., Harsori was arrested last night
by Policeman- Mann' as, he was at
tempting 1 to break into a tool house
oh . Third avenue, , between A and B
streets. He. was talcen . to the Park
Hospital, where he was booked on a
charge . of burglary. Harson denied
that he intended to steal anything.
iti said that -he . was hunting for* a
place to sleep.
Radcliffe Trial Closing.
.The second trial of Harry Radcllffe,
charged -with the murder. of Andrew
Rlley.at Ninth and Sheridan streets,
was resumed before a jury in Judge
Cook's "court" yesterday." - Twenty wH
nesses were examined, . mostly police
officers, but their evidence iwas the
same as at the previous trial. The
prosecution will close this' morning
and ; the case will probably go to the
jury, this afternoon. v - „- - -; .;.- .... .',
•GOODS;/r-
.: The -newest designs
.» " in such' well-selected -
;■;';- variety as to meet all >
.-■ ■•' "tastes. --. ■ ; . - •
THE NAME - BOHM- -
BRISTOLT CO. STANDS •
AS 'A 'GUARANTEE OF. ;
SATISFACTION 'IN .
AND 1 PRICE.
, . OPEN EVENINGS \. \ k \
Bohm-Bristol Co.
! Jewelers and; '
■.;.."'-•. .Silversmiths .,..,- \ t
r^\ 1 04- 1 1 0 Geary v Street. \\
ROBBED WITHIN
PRESIDIO GATE
— — — ♦- , ■
Two Men Hold Up X E. Bol
ger Near. Golf Links and
Take His Watch and Coin
ONE WEARS A UNIFORM
Robber in Soldier's Dress
Searches Victim's Pockets
While "Pal" Holds Pistol
J. E. Bolger, cashier of the Shipown
ers' and Merchants' Towboat Company,
was- held up and robbed last night bv
two masked men just inside the Pre
aidlo Reservation. The thugB relieved
him of a gold watch and $7 In coins.
One of the robbers held a pistol to
Bolger' b head and ordered him to hold
up his hands. The other, who wore the
cap and blouse of a eoldier. searched
his pockets. ' Bolger had a good look at
the thief in civilian's clothes and is cer
tain that he could identify him.
Bolger was walking along Fourth
avenue to his home near the Golf Club
when the command "Hands uo!" ran*
out. Two men stepped out of the shrub
bery ' and a big revolver ' was leveled
at Bolger's head. He obeyed the order.
The man in the soldier's uniform
quickly stepped* behind him and ,uro
ceeded to turn hia pockets inside' out.
"Shall I take- his watch?" aaked the
man In uniform. '
"Take everything he has." said the
man. with the revolver. Bolsrer asked
them to leave his fob, which j was pre
sented to him by the Olympic Club.
"Well, all right," said the man with
the pistol. "We couldn't do much with
that."
5 "I'll leave the. fob in your overcoat
pocket." said the thug in uniform.
After a thorough search of the pock
ets both robbers disappeared Into the
Presidio forest.
As soon as Bolger reached home he
called up Captain of Detectives Burnett
and made a report of the matter. At
first it was understood that the-hold
up had occurred in the club and Detec
tives Bell and Armstrong were detailed
to investigate. After reaching the
Presidio the officers were Informed of
the location of the hold-up and started
their Investigation. Though the offi
cers searched the neighborhood until
a late hour last night no arrests have
been made. -
ORIENTAL MASONIC LODGE
: INSTALLS NEW OFFICERS
Banquet Follows the Ceremony and
Presentation to the Retiring
Worshipful Master.
Oriental Lodge No. 144, F. and A.
M., met last night in St. John's Hall
in the Masonic Temple for -the pur
pose of installing for the current Ma
sonic year the following, who are to
serve as its officers: Richard Corne
lius Jewell, worshipful master; Nor
ton Chamberlln Wells, senior warden;
Clarence Walker Dobie, Junior war
den; George Howard Thompson,
treasurer; Adolphus S.kinner Hub-,
bard,- secretary; Rev. Samuel James
Lee, chaplain; Frank Chapman Mar
tin, marshal; Oscar Penn Hiekff, •'sen
ior deacon; »: Robert Roddy Moody,
Junior deacon; lArmand Eugene
Briggs,' James .Edward ■ Bourke, stew
ards;' Elmer Duncan Roach, tyler. .
The • installing officer was Henry
Edward Pennell, the retiring wor
shipful master, who was asissted by
William Robert Lee, past master, as
marshal. At the close of the cere
mony Past Master George W. Brooks,
in an eloquent speech, presented a
handsome mahogany cased Westmin
ster chime clock and a past master's
Jewel .In appreciation of his services
as. master during the past term.
These were accepted in a feeling man
ner by Mr. Pennell.
.After the close 'of the lodge there
was an adjournment to the banquet
hall of the Occidental Hotel, which
was artistically decorated with Amer
ican, flags, ferns and beautiful flow
ers... There were about 150 at the
banquet table. The new worshipful
master, R. C. Jewell, was the-toast
master, .and after the excellent sup
per (toasts were responded to by Sena
tor Ralston, Thomas M. Pennell, Sen
ator Hamilton A. Bauer, Past Master
T.-J. Crowley, Colonel A- S. Hubbard.
F. C. Martin, A. Eric Anderson and
Mr. Nauman. R. C. Ayres added
greatly to the entertainment in a mon
ologue of refined character, while
Hugo Pobelm's violin- solos showed
the touch of a master hand. The Ma
sonic quartet rendered several vocal
"selections, O. P. *Hicks and H. E.
Pennell assisting. The delights of the
table were enhanced by strains . of
sweet music from a stringed orches
tra. • .
Colonel A. S. Hubbard, who was in
stalled as secretary, is now sewing
his, forty-flrst year In that' capacity
for the lodge. . -
PROMOTION CO5IMTTTEE : ;
FAVORS NATIONAL PARK
Moving: to Have Government Reserve
the Pinnacle Region in San
Benito County.
The California Promotion Commit
tee will strive to have what are known
as the ."Pinnacles" in San Benito
County set apart by the United States
Government at a national park. • R.
P. Lathrop, representing the Califor
nia Central Coast Counties Improve
ment Association, is interested in the
movement He has had a large num
ber, of photographs taken to send to
Washington. The "Pinnacles" cover
an area of something like six square
miles.
They consist of massive rocks with
huge spires jutting up hundreds of
feet. These rocks In comparison with
their great height are narrow and are
in reality gigantic pillars of storie.
The /'Pinnacles" are gorgeously/col
ored, red and blue, and have : often
been called the "Garden of the Gods."
The unique features of the "Pin
nacles" are Palisade Rock, which is
1500 feet high, divided into terraces,
Knife Blade Rock and Indian Face.-
The region is filled with caves, bal
ancing rocks and grotesque phenom
ena generally. Subterranean passages
with mushroom ■" forms- : and 'v huge
underground pools of water are feat
ures of the Pinnacles..**
The report of President Jordan,
Professor Dudley and Professor Kel
logg of Stanford University, now. on
file in Washington, recommending that
the Pinnacles.be made a national park
will be vigorously Indorsed by com
mercial organizations of California.
Congressman J. C. Needham will
introduce a bill before Congress at
this session setting 1 aside these Pin
nacles as a- national park. The Bu
reau of Forestry > has sent a: special
agent, who . has made ' a 'careful exam
ination of the Pinnacles, and his report
is now on ', file*. In Washington.
New Things • in - Cameras.
2.!s New • cameras. { new! fllms, new papers.
Pull] lines- of 'fresh goods at correct
prices... Also -printing and developing.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.*w$B&iV HM1 1 i'ffffftlt * Frf
BROUGHT DEAD
BACK TO LIFE
Ifather Ignatius in London
Tells of Miracles He Says
He Has Performed in Past
POWERS OF A RELIC
Claims^ Part of Original
Cross" Has Aided Him in
Bringing About Wonders
Special Cable to The Call and New. York
Herald. Copyright. 1004, by the New Torli
Herald Publishing Company.
LONDON, Dec. 13. — Continuing his
avowal, of the faith whereby all things
are possible with God to-day as they
■were In the past, even to the healing
of the sick and the raising of the
dead, Father Ignatius to-day proceed
ed to recount to a representative of
the Daily Express various occasions
upon which he has performed what
he, calls miracles. • One notable occa
sion was in the year 1862, when he
and a fellow' worker named Redman
were awakened one night by a wom
an, who earnestly besought Father Ig
natius to come out and save her
daughter,, who was dying of typhoid.
"Suddenly," said Father Ignatius, "I
felt the command of our Lord upon me
and I rose up. All I said to my ,f riend
was/ 'Do bring your relic With you.'
He had a wonderful, beautiful relic,
a piece of wood of the true cross.
."When we reached the house the girl
was dead. She had been dead two
hours and her body was already com
posed for. burial. Upon an involuntary
impulse, however, which I felt _to be
inspired, I took the relic of the cross
from my friend and laid it upon the
dead girl's, breast. Then I cried, 'In
the name of Jesus Christ, I say unto
thee, arise.' ■- ,
"Slowly and stiffly the^corpse arose
in the bed and Redman, turning to me,
cried, 'What have you done?'
" 'I have done - nothing,' I • replied,
'but the Lord, hath done great things,
indeed.' " • . . .
After this Father Ignatius harked
back to the first time when the word
of the Lord came upon him. This was
at Plymouth, where a mother declined
to allow her children to be baptized.
Father Ignatius told her the curse of
God would fall upon her and wilnin
an hour the curse fell. Suddenly, with
out warning, the woman's fourteen
year-old daughter was stricken with
idiocy and her whole body broke out
from head to foot with most loathsome
sores. But Father Ignatius cured her
at the Lord's command.
At another time, he says, he
sprinkled water on a man crushed be
neath a falling stone and the/ man
walked to his home. ,.'
FIGHT BETWEEN NEGROES
AND WIIITES IN PASADENA
Colored Man Tears Down Sign Posted
by Easterners and Incipient
Race War Results.
PASADENA, Dec. 13. — A small race
war was precipitated here to-day when
the Tourist Club, composed of
"sporty" Easterners, posted a sign,
"These grounds are for white - mem
bers only." Ben Holmes, a negro,
tore the sign down, claiming It was an
insult to his race. 1 A free fight, which
the police stopped before blood was
shed, was the result of Holmes' action.
The negro was heavily fined In the
Police Court.
Rumors of. Naval Disasters.
LONDON, Dec. 14.— The Dally Tele
graph's correspondent at Chefu gives
a rumor of the sinking of a big Jap
anese warship off Port Arthur on No
vember 30, 300 person being drowned,
and of the sinking of two Russian tor
pedo boat destroyers by the Japanese
on November 25. The first of these re
ported disasters is probably only an
other version of the sinking of the
Japanese cruiser Baiyen.
ADVEKTISraD^TS. .
' ' ■"" ; - ; v
RUGS ARE IDEAL
CHRISTMAS GIFTS
i " x Our entire ground floor is devoted to the choicest,
specimens of
Exquisite Toned Antiques, Elegant, Per-
sian Silk Rugs and other Oriental
Weaves. Also all Domestic Weaves.
Our prices are remarkably reasonable.
W.& J.SLOAN E& CO,
■FURNITURE-CARPETS • RUGS • DpAPEWES-
114-122 POST ST.. S.F.
.'■■r^'lf ¥"vi~^ ■ cy a ¥ f^
sH I l«r 'r* Hi
O'Brien & Sons' Carriage Factory
Golden Gate Avenne and Polk Street. X
Building experts pronounce ground floor, base-
ment and roof total loss. Stock must be removed
at once to reconstruct building. Will sell at your
own price for next FIVE DAYS entire stock of
CARRIAGES, BROUQHAMS, SIX and NINE
SEATERS, SURREYS, BUGGIES, WAGONS,
HARNESS, ROBES, WHIPS, Etc., Etc., Etc.,
damaged by fire, water and smoke : : : :
This is the chance of a lifetime to get O'Briea & Sons'
celebrated high-grade vehicles away below cost.
■ . . • ■ ■ - \~ - ■ . ; . ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ *
FEARS ASSAULT
ON ORIENTALS
Placer County Farmer Says
Eoseville Ranchers Intend
to Disturb Tenants' Peace
APPEALS TO GOVEKXOK
Complainant Declares That
Japanese and Chinese Are
to Be Driven From Lands
Special Dds^ateh to Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 13.— L. L. King,
a rancher of Roseville. Placer Count,y.
called on Governor . Pardee to-day to
complain of the alleged intention of a
number of residents of Roseville to ex
pel the Japanese ' renters from his
ranch and to drive all the Japanese and
Chinese from that section. King said
the Japanese on his place had armed
themselves and were prepared to fight.
Governor Pardee told the rancher he
would urge the Sheriff of Placer Coun
ty to protect the lives and property of
the Orientals. It Is said the Japanese
Consul in San Francisco has been ap
pealed <4o by King.
The ranchers of Roseville recently
held a large and representative meet
ing. It was orderly and not at all
warlike. It passed a single resolution,
one denouncing the employment of Jap
anese or Chinese as Inimical to the
welfare of Roseville, and appointed a
committee to present the resolution to
employers of Japanese or Chinese and
ask their support to the movement.
Another meeting Is called for Friday
night. Roseville people say there is
not the slightest cause for Kln^s fears
and are astonished that he should have
appealed to the Governor.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Cranges In Postal Service in Callfor-
Dia — Patents Issued to Residents
of the State.
WASHINGTON.-Dec. 13.— The change
of the name of the National Bank of
Pomona, Cal., to the American Na
tional Bank of Pomona, is approved
by the Treasury Department.
Rural free delivery routes one and
two, St. Helena, Napa County, have
been established.
The following fourth-class postmast
ers have been appointed in California:
John Q. Smith, at Castella, Shasta
County; Mrs. Sadie Tredway at Glen
brook, Lake County; Edward J. D.
Nolan at Pino Grande, El Dorado
County. In Oregon: Mary B. Thomas
at Castle Rock, Morrow County.
Patents were granted to-day to Cali
fornians as follows: Russel Avery. de
ceased, G. C. A\*ery, executrix, Sausa
lito. railway signaling device; Martin
P. Boos, San Francisco, roller crushing
mill; William R. Fagan, San Francis
co, door opener or closer; Charles
Henry, San Francisco, puzzle; John
T. Jennings and T. x\ Tuttle, San
Mateo, moisture pad for horses' hoofs;
Benjamin Krous and A. Links, San
Francisco, combined chalk holder and
sharpener; Henry M. Lander, Sacra
mento, stepper attachment for auto
mobiles; William A. Lyman, San Fran
cisco, spacing attachment for type
writers: Thomas J. McCarthy, San
Francisco," portable elevator; Valentine
Pfaff, San Francisco, sawing apparat
us; Walter G. Read, Davisvllle. port
able derrick; George S trick ton, de
ceased, J. M. Bailhalte, administrator,
assignor to Bailhalte, San Francisco,
watchman's time check; Elizabeth M.
Webster, Los Angeles, garment hanger.
Christmas Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents and sola agents
for the best fountain pens In the world.
Prices. $1.00, $2.00. $2.60 up to $7.80.
Satisfaction or money returned. San
born, Vail & Co.. 74 » Market st. •
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. T., Dec. 18.—
Miss Achsah Ely, professor of mathe
matics at Vassar College, died sud
denly at the college to-day of apoplexy.
MUSICAL.
FHAVEFAILEDr
♦HELP ME OUT
This is My Last Day, and the
Prices I'll Give on a Piano
Will Run Your Hand
Into Your Pocket.
/ V
Have Several Specials Held Out
for My Last Day as
Teasers.
Among Which is an Elaborate
Steinway for Next to
Nothing.
How on earth can I sell twenty-
pianos to-day? I have failed to sell ail
of the 130 pianos of the "Weber line"
turned over to me to dispose of in
thirty days. Twenty new ones are left
yet. and this Is my last day. It would
be easy, awful easy. If the good people
: of San Francisco only knew, or could
; be brought to realize the exact situa-
tion as it Is here in this sale.
No fairer deal was ever attempted,
or lower prices ever given, than I have
made and maintained throughout this
sacriflco bale.
I have sold "Weber" pianos 1325 b«-
low their fair worth, and regular re-
tail price. I have sold "Wheelock"
pianos (belonging to the "Weber line,
and built by the Pianola' Weber con-
cern) |l?0 below their standard price
everywhere. I have sold the "8tuy-
vesant" piano as much as $137 below
their average retail price. The beaut: -
tfful "Scheffer" piano (than which
there Is mighty few its equal) has suf-
fered likewise, and went at $160 to $213
below what they are worth, and regu-
larly sell for.
Tha "Bradford" shared the sam«
fate, and were sold $160 below their
standard price everywhere.
All these, and others, were cut right
down practically to cost, and soma
even bflow it, which means much
more than individual piano buyers who
have not investigated can possibly
realize. t
I have about twenty very fine new
pianos of the above makes — mostly of
the higher-priced styles — at the same
; desperate rates to-day; in fact, soma
will be hacked even more. I want to
make a clean sweep — but it would seem
Impossible; still, there's hope. I can
only say that any man or woman who
buys a piano of me between this ar.«l
11 o'clock to-night (at which time this
sale ends) will have saved at least $160,
and in many cases as much as $240, on
their piano.
I have several piano bargains to-
day: even better than that on pianos
that show some «light mar on varnish
through handling, or unboxing, and on
those I'll know no cost; they've simply
got to go.
Terms on anything in stock to-day —
: outside of a few of the costliest Webers
' — will be $2"» down and $10 per month
; (except two secDnd-hand uprights, and
they can go at most any old price— $1>
down and $6 per month— ho room for
these). Webers. $50 down and $1>
monthly — at cost. Don't hesitate or
delay, but come at once to 126 Geary
street (opposite the City of Paris dry
goods store), for it is your last chance
to buy a piano without lining up some
dealer's pocket with a good round
profit. ", ,- -
Store open till 11 o'clock- to-night, at
which time I don't want to see an un-
sold piano in It. A- A. FISHER.
Sale Manager for Clark Wise & Co.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
ST/VT E7VYE IN.T
—OS* THE
eoNDrnox an© affairs
OP THE
LIVERPOOL AND LONDON
AND GLOBE ,
fflSURAHCE C0HP4KI
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, OJf THX Slrt
day of December. A. IX. 1903. aa<l for tarn
Year ending on that day. aa mad* to tb« la-
Jurance Commlislonar of tha Stai* ot Cali-
fornia, pursuant to tha provisions of Sections
•10 and 611 of Um Political Code, condatt**
as p«r blank turnlsbed by ths CbmmUsloscr.
ASSETS,
Heal Katat* owned by Company.. $1,868,013 0O
f^na on Bonds aad Mort*a<M.. I.4M.7M 00
Cash Mark«t Valua of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 8.TST.404 23
Cart I* Company a Offlc. 8.8M £
Cash in Banks 1.306,342 92
Interest du« »ad accrued on
Bonds and Morttw* 44.438 M
Pr.mram. In du. Co«r~ of Qrf-
lection .....««•««•■ »•»••••••♦• X.MV.M8 14
Bents due and uena« ......... % 1*009 00
En. from other Companies for r*-
iSsununca on tosse* alraady paid •»« t3
Total AxMts ...~ |lM8«.miO
UABTLJTTC*.
Losses adjusted aad unpaid |3« 10
E£Ei in proeess cX Adjustment
L^e, resisted. «f < *Jdln, «-
CT^*"r«WlunUj«*jir^RiA;
running one year or less. »a-
010.282 40: reinsurance M V* •■—.«--
GroBS ' premiums on Tire Risks
ronnlnr more than one year.
. |£l63.T83 «5; retesuraao. pro
A^Snt"r^lVlmabie"by**tos^« * ™
Am n^perp«ua» flra pollde. tn.m M
AlTo^r Liabilities ~.~. T».T» T«
Total UaWlltles ~ ia.SM.37t 13
XNCOM2. "" "~
km caah aetnally reoeired for
Fire premiums IMBT.BW T4
Received for interest on Bonda
and Mortals ............... 13*1 « M
Received to*" U»t«r»st and din-
dend« on Bonds. Stocks. Leans
and from all other sources..... 133.511 04
Received for R«°t« M.44I <8
Total Ineoraa |T.X3t.S84 10
KXPENDITCRE8. "
Ket amount paid for JTrw Loaaes
(Including 9308.333 23. losses
of previous years) |3.4T*,«3 10
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1.129.375 19
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chances for officers, clerks, etc 377.131 03
Paid tor State. National and
Local taxes m.209 71
All other payments and expendi-
tures 434.008 11
Total Expenditures 13.532. 933 7':
> HSre!
Lotses Incurred durioc tW y«ar..>3.603.&53 13
RUka and Premiums, t Tire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ...^ I995.3S4.S01 $10,852,180 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 8S3.T08.4OT 9,138,881 W
Net amount *n force
' December SI. iaO3.f 088.S37.P12 10.174.066 03
HENRI W. EATON. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, < this
Stn day, of February. 1904. • • ■- *
W. H. WILDET. Notary Public.
County of Westchester, N. T.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
422 California Street, SAN FRANCISCO
CH1BLE8 D/HAVZN. Resiileit Sec7-
a MASON HME, Assistant Sect.HOME IS FOUND
THROUGH CALL
Couple in San Leandro Want
to Adopt Baby Abandoned
in the Public Cemetery
WIRE FOR THE IXFAXT
31r. and Mrs. C. W. McLangh
lin Will Take Little Waif
Left in Potters- Field
Through the article In The Call the
foundling abandoned in the potters'
field on Monday has found a good
home. Mr. and Mrs. C. W. McLaugh
lln of San Leandro read of the unfor
tunate walf'g plight and their hearts
went out to him.
They did not waste any time after
reading of the abandoned babe. They
wanted him. they felt, to fill a va
cant place in their pleasant country
home. After a hasty consultation they
telegraphed The Call to make sure that
no one could obtain the guardianship
of the cemetery waif before them.
The following telegram was sent:
The Call, Ban Francisco— TT« read the «r
t!e> la to-Cayt Uaue of Th« Call regarding
the ba.br fourd In the potters' field. My»elf
er.i wife would like to adept th« cfclid If It Is
satisfactory. W« waist to see the ba.by as soon
as poes!b>. Can jou arrange with th» Found
ling A*>lum to give us that prtvliere? W»
can furnish the b*st of references.
MR. AND MRS. C. W. McI^AUGHXCf.
The Call immediately communicated
with Dr. Lucia M. Lane and Dr. Vir
ginia Smiley, superintendents of the
San Francisco Foundling Asylum. They
taid that the McLaughlin couple
could have the waif when the proper
paj>erB were signed. This news was
tent to Mr. and Mrs. McLaughlin by
The Call. The couple were overjoyed
and will come to the city to-day to
claim the little waif of the potters*
field.
C. W. McLaughlin Is station master
at San Leandro and he and his wife
ere well thought of there. They are a
childless couple and their longing to
hear the prattle of a babe in their
pleasant little home will be gratified
through the article published exclu
sively in The CalL
The name that was given to It al
most In Jest— Myrell Alfred Wallace —
will be changed to McLaughiin, and
the child will be properly trained to
fight the battle with the world. No
clew has been discovered to the child's
parentage.
California Calendars for 1905.
California poppy, poinsettia, Chinese
and redwood calendars. All new — best
ever — ready for mailing. Sanborn. Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street, •
PERSONAL.
R. B. Snowdon of Seattle is at the
EL Francis.
Dr. M. M. Shearer of Santa Rosa is
et the Lick.
Attorney F. D. Nicol of Stockton is
at the Lick.
J. D. Kellogg, a fruit man of New
castle, is at the Lick.
F. W. Street, a lawyer of Sonora,
Is a guest at the Lick.
F. G. Noyes, ore of Napa's bankers,
«vnd his wife are at the Palace.
Former Sheriff George S. McKenzie
of Napa is staying at the Grand.
H. Malloch, manager of the Marys
ville woolen mills, is at the Grand.
Augusta Haya. a tobacco merchant
of Tampa, is registered at the Palace.
Henry Weinstock, the well known
merchant of Sacramento,, is at the
Palace.
A. B. Mosely. a prominent citizen of
Colfax. registered yesterday at the Oc
cidental.
John Ross Jr.. one of the leading
mining men of Sutter Creek, arrived
at the Lick yesterday.
Edward Berwick of Pacific Grove,
who is at the head of the parcel post
movement, is registered at the Grand.
J. M. Keith, a well known oil man
of Bakersfield. and his wife have re
turned from a visit to the East and
are staying at the St. Francis.
Edgar T. Wallace, a well known
mining man, who Is Interested in sev
eral properties in Northern California,
arrived yesterday from the East and
!s Maying at the Palace. £..•>:
Fred S. Stimson, one of Seattle's
baseball magnates, who, when not en
gaged in directing baseball, is busy
making- money at his cannery at Yak
utat. Alaska, and shipping lumber, ar
rived from the north yesterday and is
registered at the Palace. Stimson is
president of the Takutat and Southern
Railway, which is the only railroad
operated in connection with a -fish
cannery In the world. The line is nec
essary at his plant in Southeastern
Alaska for the reason that the streams
from which Stimson's company gath
ers its product are not navigable.
AnVKRTISEMKNTS. - v^" "
From all the VT
1 Great Art Centers
of the World vre
have gathered/Sir
this Season's Trade M=>
the largest, finest }
and most elaborate "
selection of
1> ART
GOODS
We have «vcr carried, c Z3
D?autiful Gifts }*£
u from $1.00 up \
Open Evening* I
k D30eary6trett fls Aj
|ASTHMANOLA|
Za the caly car* for Nervous sad
sroacblsl ASTBMA.
Tcur DrucsUt or »t iib HAIGHT ST..
£&b Krfcnclico, Cai.
INDIAN WOMAN
UNDER ARREST
Carlisle Girl Accused; of Burglarij
"With a charge of burglary against
her, Mrs. Minna Parpltt, a half-breed
Cherokee Indian and a graduate of the
CarllEle School for Indians, is held at
the City Prison. She is accused of en
tering a room at 827 Howard street and
after extracting $35 from a purse that
•was placed under the lodger's pillow,
turning on the gas to asphyxiate her
victim. The roomer >vas Peter Kou
louritis and he was rescued frern the
improvised death chamber in an un
conscious condition.
Koulouritis was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital, where he fought
death from the effects of the deadly
fumes for an entire day. "When he re
covered consciousness he asked a friend
to go to his room and get the $35 which
he had left under his pillow. The money
could not be found.
Two fellow lodgers, Labrcs Voulgarls
and Peter Pagonis. claim that they saw
Mrs. Parpitt hovering near the room
where Koulouritis was found asphyxi
ated and afterward they say they saw
her in the man's room.
The Indian woman was pointed out
to Policeman J. A. Ryan yesterday by
the two men. She was arrested and
booked at the Southern station for
burglary. Koulourl is is certain that
she robbed him and then tried to cover
up the crime by turning cm the gas and
leaving him to die.
At the City Prison the woman was
at first communicative and conversed
freely and intelligently. Later she be
came sullen and lapsed into the dogged
sullenness characteristic of the Indian
nature. She stalked back to her cell
with the light stride of a true daughter
of the tepee.
The prisoner gave the following ac
count c-f herself: "I was born in In
dian Territory. My father was an
American, my mother a Cherokee. I
graduated from the Carlisle School and
went to Los Angeles, where I married
Manuel Pan Itt. I did not rob this man
nor did I try to murder him. It is a
plot against me."
The husband was arrested on a
vagrancy charge and the police are
looking up the record of the pair. Mrs.
Parpitt has been employed at a Pacific
street music hall.
WEATHER ILL'S DROWNING
UNDER INVESTIGATION
Collision Bctuct'n San Pablo and One
of Crovrley's Gasoline Launches
Before Local Inspectors.
United States Local Inspectors
Bolles and Bulger held an Investiga
tion yesterday into the facts of a col
lision on the bay on November 23 be
tween the ferry steamer San Pablo and
a gasoline launch owned by Thomas
Crowley. The launch was navigated
by a 17-year-old boy named Leonard
Madden, who had with him Ernest
Weatherill, a plumber's apprentice, 19
years old. Weathcrill was drowned
and Madden was rescued by the crew
of the steamer.
After Madden had been taken on
board he was asked by ■ Captain A.
Dunnigan of tlw San . Pablo whether
he had attempted suicide by running
the launch into the steamer. He re
plied that when Weatherlll warned
him of the steamer's approach he
added that he thought they could cross
the San Pablo's bows.
The inspectors drew out the fact
that the launch was not provided with
side lights. The ca?=e was taken under
advisement. • '.'.' ■;--■•
Charged With Grand Larceny.
Harry Deeny, 16 years of age. wa3
booked at the City Prison yesterday
by Detectives Regan and O'Connell
on a charge'of grand larceny.' He and
two others not yet arrested are ac
cused of stealing a purse containing
$30 from George A. Gamage. a.car
penter, living at 8 8. Converse street,
on Bryant' street near Ninth a week
ago yesterday.-
Want n "German House."
Delegates from twenty-five of the
different German societies met Monday
night at Unioif Square Hall to take ac
tion upon the question of erecting a
"German house." The idea is to have
a building which- all- the- 150 German
societies here shall use as a headquar
ters. Great enthusiasm prevailed at
the meeting. »
THE SAN. FRANCISCO; CALL, WEDNESDAY,; DECEMBER 14, 1904.
HALF BLOOD CHEROKEE WOMAN, A
GRADUATE OF CARLISLE. WHO IS ,
CHARGED WITH BURGLARY.
CHILD SUFFERS
FROM NEGLECT
Starving to death, her little body torn
and bruised from continual beating,
four-year-old Margaret Connors was
taken to the Central* Emergency Hos
pital last night in a precarious condi
tion. To Dr. Glover, the wan little
child told a pitiful tale of abuse and
mistreatment.
The child's mother died a year and a
half ago.
The baby, up to a few days ago; was
in charge of her aunt, Mrs. Emma Con
nors pf Vallejo. Her. father, Henry
Connors, a teamster In this city, took
her from his sister last week.
Connors placed his little girl in the
care of Mrs. Mamie Clark of 314 Third
street. Last night Mrs. Clark became
alarmed at the child's emaciated ap
pearance and weakened condition and
sent for the ambulance.
When the pale little waif was exam
ined at the hospital Dr. Glover discov
ered that Margaret was suffering from
tuberculosis and a debilitated condition
of the system. Her body from the waist
up was denuded of large spots of skin.
On quizzing the patient the surgeon
was told a pitiful tale, the child declar
ing that some one in Vallejo had con
tinually beaten her with a board
studded with nails. The marks on the
girl's body appeared to bear mute evi
dence of her pathetic story. Little
Margaret said that she was hungry.
When given food she ate it ravenously.
Her hunger satisfied, the child turned
to the strangers around her and called
for her aunt.
Later in the evening another aunt,
who had accompanied Mrs. Clark to the
hospital, took Margaret away, saying
that she would see that she was prop
erly cared for. The father lives at 303
Third street, but could not be located
last night. The aunt who took the
baby said that she had knowledge of
the mistreatment the child had received
in Vallejo, but refused to discuss the
subject.
Dr. Glover says the child is In a
serious condition and its recovery Is
doubtful. • T- ;v *C
In Business for Himself.
A new advertising counsellor, but an
eld man In the business, is Samuel P.
Johnston. For seventeen, years he y has
been with Goldberg. Bowen & Co/ and
the results obtained for them In the
matter of publicity speak louder than
any words as to Mr. Johnston's ability
as a writer of strong, .effective adver
tising. He has opened offices at
rooms <502-';03 Mills building, and will
conduct a general ndvertislnR business.
.Associated with him is- Mr. George E.
Crump, a New York man. who for the
past year has been advertising manager
for the largest furniture house In the
Northwest. Besides being an ad writer
Mr. Crump has sp*>nt several years of
study In the art field.
BEAUTIFUL PRESENTS. ;
AT MODERATE PRI CES
PROMPT ATTENTIOX
INTELLIGENTLY GIVEN
TO ALLPATRONS
SHRE V E & C 6 M P ANY
POST AND BIARKET ST8.
OPEN EVEXIXGS FROM DECEMBER
1OTH't6'24TH; ; . v .
FARWELL TALKS
ON MUSIC OF
THE NEW TIME
Mr. Arthur Farwell, who last night
lectured at Century Hall oh - /'Ameri
can Music and the Development : of In
dian Melodies." brilliantly proved his
point as to the large musical! value ' of
the- Indian . themes. ' Mr.i Farwell's Jtalk
took in the consideration of music as
it is now made in America and^the
possible Indian sources, for. its 'future
inspiration, and was admirably illus
trated by.Jthe lecturer ,bbth. on -the
piano and . the . violin: Mr. Earwell was
introduced by Mr. Frank < P. j Deering,
who invited particular, attention to the
lecturer as the founder' of the Wa-Wan
Press, "which is rapidly - earning fame
as. the publishing channel of a new and
vigorous school of the younger Ameri
can -composers, f '•■-*■ .,..,_ ;.
"The lecturer began by expressing his
belief that we now , at the begin
ning of the creative -epoch in Ameri
can • music. Heretofore .the musical
expression-, has been imitative, . but
there is now a strong body of young I
composers doing the thing revolution
ary and at the same time significant
and beautiful. That this; new expres
sion should find, its way to. the people
the Wa-Wan Press was founded, and
has already published many important >
compositions. Some striking examples!
of, the Indian ' folk-songs were . then j
given, with most picturesque- stories of'
their origin. Songs of love, of war, of
death were all exampled, richly Illus
trating a literature that seems prac
tically unlimited in .Its suggestion to
the musician. One wonders, Indeed, so
striking Is the resemblance. If one of
the' themes did not wander, over to!
Bayreuth while Wagner was at work
on the "Rheingold!" The particular
song is the "Love Song of an Old I
Man." once sung by an old Indian I
every morning at dawn from a hill top. J
It is plainttveness. longing, gentle sad
ness incarnate and charmingly me- 1
lodious. The "Ghost Dance." the "Song j
of Peace." the "Song of the Leader."]
a chorale sung to the departing spirit, j
and others were given, an proving
beautiful in the largest sense and thor- I
oughly characteristic. They were |
played by Sir. Farwell on the piano i
and on the violin, in which latter case |
the lecturer was accompanied by Miss
Hulda Andersen. . !
The third part of the lecture was
given over to the rendering of four
compositions for piano, founded upon
Indian themes, by Mr. Farwell. Much i
the most interesting of these is the!
"Domain of Hurakan," the Wind God. '
In which there are many passages of
remarkable beauty and originality.
Chopin is somewhat , suggested, Wag
ner also, but there is notable original
strength, much native poetry and pic
turesqueness to be found therein. In
dian, thoroughly, and that way fas
cinating, are the Ichlbuzzl "War Cry"
and the Navajo "War Dance." The
"Dawn" again has strongly the poetic!
quality, is full of color and is firmly j
built. The composer shows a rich har- ,
monic sense throughout. To-morrow ,
evening the following programme will j
be given at Lyric Hall, representative ;
of the younger American composers. ;
None of the works have been given ■
here before. Mr. Farwell will be as- i
sisted therein by Miss Helen Colburn 1
Heath, soprano; Miss Hulda Andersen, j
piano; Mr. Frederick Maurer, piano; i
and Professor Carlos Troyer, piano. |
Part I, Modern American Composi- !
tlons— Piano, "Negro Episode." Henry j
F. Gilbert; soprano, "Israfel," Edgar
S. Kelley; concerted, /In the Moon!
Shower."- Harvey W. Loomls. .• A
. Part II, Developments of Indian Mu
sic—Violin and piano. "Indian Melo
dies," Arthur Farwelt;-" piano.- "Dawn,"
Arthur Farwell; soprano; "Traditional i
Songs of the Zunis," (a) "Sunrise Call." i
(b) "The Coming of Montezuma." Car- i
los Troyer; .piano. .".The Domain of !
Hurakan." Arthur Farwell;. piano,
violin'and gong. "Ghost Dance of the;
Zunis," Carlos Troyer.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Fnrland | Shows Genius.
Somebody leaving Stelnway Hall
last night softly hummed "De banjo
am de Instrument for me," and all
who attended the recital by Alfred A.
•Farland heartily • indorsed the senti
ment. His was not the banjo of the
plantation, coupled with black-face
minstrelsy, rag-time and knock-about
turns, .but from the once-despised in
strument he drew forth genuine
music; delicate tones which held the
audience breathless, and louder vibra
tions which made one almost wonder
if an orchestra were not concealed
bfhlnd the curtain. .
Mr. - Farland's repertoire included
classical selections, popular mefodies
and some lively airs. Farland holds
the title of the. world's greatest banjo
ist. He" is certainly a wizard with his
favorite Instrument. Many of the
numbers rendered by Farland last
night were especially arranged by him
self and in them he showed the hand
of a master.
Mr. Farland was ably assisted , by
Alice Kellar-Fox. who not only accom
panied him with "the banjo in Instru
mental selections, but also rendered
seme choice vocal numbers. , 1
Mr. Farland I? billed to appear at
thf- Orpheum next week and it Is pre
dicted-that .'he:' will make a great hit
there. .
Swedes to Entertain.
, The Swedish-American Hall Asso
ciation have made preparations for an
entertainment and bair to be given
at Scandia Hall. '161 City Hall avenue,
on Saturday evening. December 17.
A splendid array of talent will serve'
t« mnke up an interesting programme
for that evening, after which the floor
will be cleared and dancing enjoyed
until a late hour. ' , •
Men's Bath Robes a ■ — — \ Men's Fancy Vests
< -(Main .Floor) • .AJ^fc i (Main Floor)
/•■•We -place on. sale to-day a large ■ ••^i. .^ .1 * 'JL <^x^a/ I t>i»«» v>*t* are mad^ of sillt and
number of Men's Bath Robes in Eider- Jj J| %*££ rj% l^tt^tfSr M f , , , , ~ . •',
down. French Flannels. Crashes and 2§ ZB H >H H f FT | "TH worsted materials in an Immense \ar-
TVrry Cloth. They arc cut extra full A D / &^A& V* /^r lot y' of designs. There are all *izes.
and have a girdle at the waist and a fW^T *^* # ( w -, n<1 tney are cut in the very litest
- Some ha've^hMds: others collars; VI 9 A«>*2«« BEWAB^B sty i e aad flne i y tailored. All have
they come in all the latest colors. Ah Rf MA i^ffFTiTa fffMfX » S7^% dark ground* with pretty design*
of our regular $7.00. $6.50 ,« f OC y . mAJOlMiM42*wnMiWlK* t worked in silk. Regular tf^^C
and J6.0C robes; special \lL ft} - '-■- *•' $3.50 to $5.00 values. Spe- >£,0D
sr .'. . ; - *r ,*.?" ... . , . , clal
firpflt in Tnvland There win be
":. r. "' <Th!rd and Fifth Floors) ■'.' ,. . oOIll©lI\SI\€C i/OlF*^
': ■■ ~A wonderful array of all the Rood thinscs for : j . -,
' Christmas. ' . , . At f raffcrs
Automobiles— "Red Devil" Automobiles— 6 inches ThlS Morning* and Every MorilinS
lorisr. They are made of iron and prettily painted. *i*L- x*r 1
On- the sea^ of these automobiles there is C/)a» Td!S inreeK
t a lady and man. Regular price JSc; special • DVC From g^ noQn; thcrcafter untn fhe closin£r
LocomoUve and Tender— Painted black and draw- hour, the usual shopping inducements will be
lncr three red cars — a splendid Christmas AC/* given.
jrift; holiday special... fxiJV /#*»•• .... .
'Fife Engine-That is drawn by two black, horses (*I11S Store Will be Open every evening
Vv and a white horse; it is made^f iron, and pret- Until ChriStllVclS.)
'tily painted in different colors; special C"| *7C 1
potc" PaVroilour'minVa^'re'p^iVe'w^o? 71;^ Chinaware as Holiday Gifts
: :^.carrvin ff four men to prison; special. ... / DC plece8 ot flne thln
' Express Wagon — Made of iron. It has a QC/» porcelain; prettily decorated with small rose sprays
-> horse and a driver; special.. OJL *n a dresden effect. Each piece has sold lines on
_. •_. _,.... , -« . the edges; a complete service for six peo- 1^ 1 n/\
Iron Boats — Painted in various colors — \* f\f\ j pie; a regular $6.00 set. Christmas spe- \ll Sf|
from a 5 c to 4»1.UU cialprlce P ..
_ _ _, ... , • . . Suyar and Cream Sats — Nothing: could be more accept-
Iron Stove— That will burn wood or are arranged able as a Christmas gift than a dainty little sugar
for alcohol burner; they have a full/equipment .and creamerln nice china. We are offer- <p •§ m»g\
of cooking utensils; prices ran K e ffjAAA £f m . p .^ e . d . s . a . mp ! e . line . ? u m a JI.UU
from ajc to '. »P*"»"v * Mustache '^pi'ai'dSancVrsllHandsoinely made of Aus-
Turkish Drum-They are 8 inches in diameter and SSl^SVJSf.S'S?^? Vuff'.n^hra^i'c 0 '
the sides are made of zinc; regular price 5Q,, I of all pieces are sold traced. They are worth
=;oc; special at J/U 50c; special holiday price %***>*
t-» : t\-ii a t- :«-v. Jm.1 A n \\ *u * u j Salad and Trait Bowl — Made of Austrian china In a va-
Dress Doll — A I p -inch dress doll, that has a red. riety of shapes. Some have sprays of flowers, others
a blue or a white costume, with trimmed Crtr»" : are handsomely tinted In several colors; regu- f f\
hat; regular price 85c; special at DVC la / J y 75 ° and » 100 - bargain price your choice l^JZ
Infants' Crocheted Another Great HollddV Women's Golf VesU
Sacques xjuuuici VJFCdl nuituuy (Second oor)
(Second Floor) SllT.T\Pr Nrilo < f/M» Vl/#MT\O1\ These vests are knitted
These little garments are vJllJjpd OaKMOl VV UlUtli very closely with a double
Suality Cr of Ch aif-woo? U S a x?ny (Main Floor). "Itch, and are bound around
yarn. Each sacqvie Is made This is another part of a shipment of women's slip- the ed S es wlth a w0 °l br ald.
croc^ted 31^. Their y are Wrs. that was so eagerly bought a few weeks ago. They are made double
finished around the edges They are the same great values. We have had manv breasted with two rows of
with a dainty scallop. *m. requests for these same slippers, but have not been S. e h a A rl U ,"°P 9 f ° wn l h l f r ° nt -
wh?" an" blueeandVc f^ to , satisf v them until nSw. Every one should 7% an^white* $? 00
Si white. Holiday QjC tak «a dvai rtaRe of th ;. sp i endid opportunity. Special price Is. t P fc>VV
price— special &L These slippers ar- /tfl> .. _
_., , li*tt» llke the drawing. an<i _M3t Pretty New Fans
Eiderdown r . r ft : m r a u d r e ?f, m t SS fflakl (-^m fw,
COmlOrterS They have a neam- Bf^^^^\ A thre "- < 5 uarter slze f an -
(Main Floor) M^SmQ fa 8 nnrt ai llned nd Thl §HWigk l made ° f * g °° d QUalIty ° f
Thev make a very sensible toe" are of comfort! 7^^^| silk gauze; mounted on a
gift for Christmas. Those able shape; the strfes : '^Sr I hard bor ' 3 frame, and decor-
that we have selected Jor are hand-turned; and j&Mt&S^ ated with painted fioral de-
this sale are made of good ■ *«l the heels are made ■■■" signs. Outlined with tiny
quality Eiderdown, and cov- of good leather They make appropriate holi- r -. black or white spangles,
ered with beau- £ » QP day gifts and the identical slipper cannot be f%Vs» Our regular $3.00 q*'%r\r\
tiful French sat- >^.VD bought elsewhere for less than $1.00. Our spe- DOw valu( *- Holiday \7 UU
In. Special price. 4*^' ' ** clal price' for this sale is www gpeclal at J ■+» «-• V V
The biggest variety of goods is t» be hid now — mike your selections.
Christmas Suggestions That Will Help
Everybody in the Holiday Shopping
. fTrtr Mpn Handsome Black Belts. .$1.00 to $7.00 Napkin Rings $1.00 to 84.00
r OF 1 ICn . Knit Petticoats 48c to $2.50 Porcelain Clocks, with alarm attached
Genuine Meerschaum Pipes O °J Shaw » s ••••••:•• • ' 75 ° t0 » 5 -°° $2-30
82.50 to S10.00 Sterling Silver Hair Brush, with
Genuine Amber Cigar Holders „ Comb ... .......... $4.50 FOP the DOVS
81 J)0 to 52.50 Fancy Gold Brooch Pins.$3.50 to $5.00 * vr» iue *#wjro
Ebonized Military Brushes, a pair Fancy Desk or Mantel Clocks Slippers .31.00 to S1.23
$1.35 to $6.00 3 •■••• $1J5 to S6.0O Napkin Rings f.Sl.OO to $44)0
Leather Cigar Case 75c to $5.00 swiss Enameled Watch. $4.50 to S5.00 Mugs, silver plated 53o
Celluloid. Hardwood and Stag Collar Pretty Lace. Collar 65c to $124)0 Calkins' Self-Filling Fountain Pen...
and Cuff Boxes . . . . . . . .5Oo to $5.00 silver-Mounted Ebony Hat Brush. . . $3.00 to $5.00
Decora ted China Shaving ; Sets. '. .v. .. ',"••; •;,•;'•• ' $1^5 up Waterman's Fountain Pen .....;
SOc to 81.50 I f.tock Collars 19c to $3.50 $2.5O to S8.00
Leather Card Cases 50c to $E 00 I i. mb " Ilj> I,,- ■ ■ • • • A- - 800 *° 'W- 50 Sealing Sets 25c to $1.0O
; Silk Embroidered Suspenders sterling Silver Paper Cutter 3afety Razors $1.50 to S15.0O
39c to S4.00 • • • ; 75c *o $1.10 Gillette Razor S5.OO
Men's Silk X«fckwear. .12%c to 91.50 Oxidized. Metal Chain Girdles. . .$2.50 3moklng Jackets S4.85
Purr I^inen llnltial Handkerchiefs. C c 1 f^ me Atom! «« **<> to $1^0 Bath Robes $3.93
each. 35c; * box $1.43 "* l grapes or \ ells SOc to $2.25 Fancy Vests $3.65
Smoking Jackets S4.35 to 513.50 " at f'" s - ex *ra long 65c Sllk-Embroldered Suspenders
Traveling Rolls — outfitted complete. if T^ Ca , B * « ; ,• • 90c • 33c to S4.OO
..'..... . $3^5 to $10 00 N>thersol* Bracelets, gold filled..S1.10 Glm-es 75c. 95c, S1.50
Silk .Embroidered Socks, per pair All-Felt Slippers $1.00 to $1^0 Pajamas $1.35 to $4.00
13Hc. 35c and 50c T, yro .* ra P h , y Outfits $1.75 np Silk Mufflers 75c to $3^0
Silk. Mufflers 75c to S3.50 Music Rolls and Bags, from Box Fancy Hose, box half a dozen
Bath Robes $3.98 to 312.50 . >*•£;-• V v .r>. Wo to $6.00 70c. $1.40 and $3.75
Sterling Silver Match Boxes Ink Stands. Cut Glass ". $2.50 Meerschaum Cigar Holders
81X0 to 84.50 . • • $1-00 to $2.50
French Brlarwood Pipe S«-ts . IT#»«« *l« n U Mm » Neckwear 13Vio to 81^0
$1.75 to $430 POP We rlOmS Sweaters and Jerseys... $2.00 to $4 JO
Dress Suit Cases $3.25 to $15.00 „, , ,_ k : Pocket Knives 25c np
i;-'.ld Filled Link Sleeve Buttons. .50c Finished Pin Cushion 45c to $7.50 Watches $1.00 to $5.00
Pretty Silk Initial Handkerchiefs 60c Handsome Tinted Lamp, with Globe.. Sterling Silver Match Boxes
6 for $2.75 ■ ; ■ $3-00 $1.00 to $4.50
Grotesque Cigar or Tobacco Jar -hina Tea Sets 75o to S5.0O Celluloid Collar. Cuff and Handker-
.. 500 to 85 00 -hina Salad Bowl 25c to $3.00 chief Boxes SOc to $5.00
Smoking Sets, quadruple plate -arlsbad China Cake Set. 13 plecs Neckwear 75c to Sl.oo
•. . . .$6.00 aa* 37.50 — • $1.00 to $5.00 Half-dozen Linen Handkerchiefs. In
L-ather Wallets 30c to 83.00 Pickle Forks. 1847 Rogers Bros.' Al box $1.40
Gloves 75e. 95c and *l&n „ • • 60c . ach Umbrellas 45c to $12.00
"hMrt* of all kinds $1.00 Berry Spoons. 1R47 Rogers Bros.' Al Silver-Mounted Military Brushes.
3 for S2.75 $1.15 to $1*5 Mch ...S2J55
Waterman's Fountain P*n* jravy Ladles. 1847 Rogers Bros.' Al Gold-Filled Fob $1.00 to $5.00
... 82X.0 to *8 OO „ • • ' ' A 95 ° Sult $3.25 to 312.OO
Rrinr PIdos 23c to 33.00 £ able C?^' 6 ! 5 »<>« to $7.50 Hats %1jOO to $4.OO
Safety Razor Sets. ... $1.50 to 815 OO Fancy Chafing Dishes. .$4.50 to $12.00 Initial Handkerchiefs, a box 7Oo
"Men's T'mbrellas 50c to 812.00 Quadruple Plate Tea Sets. 4 pieces.. Stick Pins 25c to $2.03
Fancy Vests 81.19 to K3.8& .» • • • $12.00 Full Dress Protectors $1.50 to S3.S0
5 t Plns . 33c to 810.00 Irving Sets $1^0 to $5.00 Shirts SOc to $1 JO
Shaving Mugs, decorated china Fancy Jardinieres SOc to 53.50 -^ - _. -
Tan. patent leather trimming Blankets. California Wool Glov»s. pair 25c to $2.00
75c to S1.5O „ i,* •••••• "' $4^5 to 815.00 (land Bags $3.50 to $20 OO
M»n'* Romeos. Black and Tan-.Sl-SO yown Comforters .... .$4^5 to 825.00 Fancy Box Stationery 50c to $2.50
InV Stflhd. Cut Glass, with lmlt*Mn n Linen Sets, hemstitched Brooches 79c to $3.00
French Stnghorn 82.50 r . !••■•;•••," »*.00 to $20.00 Half a dozen Linen Initial Handker-
Watrh Fobs, fine *old filled $3.00 Linen Towels. 1 dozen. SI. 50 to $15.00 chiefs 75c to $U0
«<«sirf Pins, cold filled 6O« " a ** ot Assorted Liquors — Califointa 5nk Petticoats $4.95 to $1230
noth Brushes $3.75 ' « ""» • ' $2-75 to $6.75 side and Back Combs. . .$1.00 to «8.00
Pajamas. Madras and Cheviot Dinner Sets. 44 to 100 plecs. pret- Pyrography Outfits $1.75 np
$1.2* to $4JV3 e V J 2 e P orfl - ted L.* 3 - 95 to S 30 - 0 © Black Girdle Belt SOc to $7.00
Silk Skull Caps 45o to 7*-\ Salad Sets. 7 pteces. china Sliver-Mounted Ebony Hat Brush
Hh»s Sl.oo to *4.oo „ ••-•• ;••-'••; iV92. to S5 " 00 $1-25 nt»
F«:ll Dr»ss Protectors. . .81.50 to $3.0O i,? ke T*J 8< « P'^t 8 91 '2? to 850 ° Music Baes and Rolls SOc to 33-<n
Extra Size Handkerchiefs, a box. 1 chocolate Sets— Decorated China Pot Shell Necklaces 98c
dozen $1.53 and 8 Cups $1^0 to $10.00 Sterling Silver Manicure Rets
-hop Set 8330 to $730 $q 73 to SA50
FOr Women o' amP K; "i 1 cUs1?rT1 " SJ: 50 to $15.00 RM ] shell Back Combs.'.$330 to «S.0:>
*'"»•*'" Portable Lamps.- Gas or Electric Work Baskets 25c to K330
Silk .Petticoats $4.95 to $12.60 -• •■ • • - - -533O to $15.00 TravelinK Roils.' containing Toil»t
Kimonas .'....... i . .79c tO % 32.5O MedaUIori; 25c to 81J13 Outfits 33.95 to $10.n«?
Eiderdown Dressing Sacques Framed Pictures 25c to $30.00 <$t<>rllrr Silver Hat Bru*V 82 73
• • • • • • • • 69c to $2.95 Paper Novel 1 1 ••—Flowers. Doylies. Brar-let 31.ib'to'«5!a3
Eiderdown Bath Robes. .$3.95 to $5.95 r «*<?- »" prices. Gold-Filled Necklace $2.25 to £330
Fur Sets 98c to 350.00 Lunrh S«ts. each ...25c Stag-Finished Glove. Handkerchief.
Ebony. Toiet Sets .. $130 to $10.00 " Shndes 12c up collar Boxes $23O t3 S4J3
sterling Silver Hand Mirrors.. $12.75 randlt Holders '. . . .^.lOo and 15c Half a dozen pairs of Stockings. .
Quadruple Plato Tea Sets. 4 pieces. . . r.indle Sticks. Brass or Oxidized \ $130 to *«JJO
VVomen's Walrus Bags.8li)0 to S2o!oc f lithographed Cushion Tops.isc to SOc SterUne^Silver PaDer Ciitter ~"
Oktrlch Feather Boas. $10.00 to S304K) Battenberg Doylies 5c to OOo Sl " im * »»^er * "P"
Handkerchiefs, half a dozen Teneriffe Tidies. Doylies. . . . Writing Tablets, different leathers. .
...75c to $430 I-**-;' •••• .8.1-3c to 810.00 $130 to $330
Dainty China Cup and Saucer Portieres, a pair.. $335 to $1230 sterling Silver Toilet Rets
-Pivers. Extract. IVi-oz. bottle... 51.10 ':*,«: •-- .*' - ■> s : $15.00 Vo S«.ba
Black. Satin or Brocade Opera Bag... . - Oxidized Metal Chain Girdles. . .5330
'fir'*L'^!*'C\' $130 to $5.00 . . . , . Combination Card Case and Pocket-
Work Baskets 25o to 3330 AU^. • v book . . J1.OO to S5.00
gloves . .... . . . . .25c to $2.00 '~^^L \*^ _1LrilkiJ^^ Perfume Atomlr.'rs ..... ,25c to $13O
Stationery, box of high-grade Jlr--H VS H^fi^l 5^' ss Enameled Watch
50c to $1.50 TaL-H B JTM SB H « tB $430 and *3.00
Sterling Silver Manicure Pieces t3O» & /*W Hat Dran«s o r V»11s SOc to f 2.M
••■•••••••••• ; ■•350 to $1.10 T" W *&T * Ostrich F^ath^r Boas. 310.00 to $3n.oo
HB^Ss|Sff-&r.^.rS?: VMAJBl£T&*OH£Sm S?-SsS?^Sb^
: :<U'"i ,*•,•"'■ ••*• $1-00 to $4.00 " ..■--• -• ■-■ - • > ■ H Fur Setg 98c to S3 JO
"AROUND THE WORLD" IX
' 'BAY OF SAN FRANCISCO
Stranger With Plenty, of Time and
"; ''■ 3Ioncy Sees the. Sights and
• ' Pays Good Price.
• ■, The fame of; San Francisco's at
tractions Jj for sightseers is likely to
be enlarged by the victim of;a prac
tical 'if somewhat expensive joke per
petrated jtwo years ago by the owner
of a' small steam launch. The story
came out yesterday in Judge Hunt's
court 1 during the trial of the case of
Robert' ' Farrelly against Joseph and
Louis : Parente for 15150- damages for
malicious' prosecution.- Farrelly was
on lV -e;stand and was being examined
as to certain, payments he had made
to the-builder of his launch, Robert F.
He said that on one date he paid an
installment of-J35.
j "Where did you get the. money?"
asked -the attorney. '
r "Well. I'll t tell you." said the wit
ness, • and he did. - He said that one
'day,? a.; man,-, doubtless; properly keyed
by-- water front liquid Inspiration.
wandered along Melggs wharf and de
manded, a boat which would carry
him to Jerusalem. Farrelly and , a
companion' were willing to accommo
date him. He became" a- passenger in
the launch, which cruised around the
bay, and Jhfr various islands and other
things /were pointed, out to the trav
eler. .-. • ' •" . .• ..
When Goat Island was. passed the
passenger was told that- It was Jeru
salem. -He was satisfied. At any rate
he did: not demur to. the charge of $70
for his passage to the holy land.
Farrelly got half of the fare and made
a payment on hb boat.
False Pretenses Charged.
. M. aiatsumaint 6t the firm of T.
Komada & Co.. 513 Dupont street, ob
tained - a. warrant from Police Judge
Fritz .yesterday for -the . arrest of. U.
Uyeda on a charge of obtaining money
by false pretenses.* He .alleges that
Uyeda v on; December 12 called upon
him. representing ;• that he was em
ployed.as a labor contractor by "John
Doe" Minton of.MInton, Cal., who had
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing ' to the . large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION.
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
a large sum on dei>oslt belonging to
him. On these representations, which
nere found to • be false. Uyeda. • "jot
from Matsumaini 150.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMED A
CONTRA COSTA COMPANY
OUT OF POLITICS.
William J. Dingee Says
This Is Verdict.
NO LONGER LOCAL ISSUE
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.— William J. Din
gee, .president of the Contra Costa Wa
ter Company, said to-day that his com
pany was completely out of politics,
and that It would do nothing to in
fluence the approaching city election.
Ab the Contra Costa Water Company
has been the storm center of politics in
Oakland for twenty years,* and as its
attorney_ stated in San Francisco only
yesterday that Oakland was composed
entirely of politicians, this statement Is
of interest.
This it what Mr. Dingee said to-day
about politics and the campaign that
will open next month:
"The Contra Costa Water Company
will have nothing to do with politics.
TRUSTEES MOVE
TO STOP CRIME
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call
2148 Center street, Dec. 13.
More than a score of applications
h&ve been made to Marshal Kerns for
the positions created by the Town
Trustees last night, when they author
ized the Marshal of Berkeley to appoint
four new deputies. The new men are
to go on duty December 15, but thus
far Marshal Kerns has announced no
et-leetions.
Crime in the college town is expected
to decrease materially when the force
of peace officials is thus augmented.
During the last two weeks citizens
have been startled by a succession of
reports of outrages perpetrated by
tafe- breakers, hold-up men and such
degenerates as the stranger who as
saulted Bertha Condon, a schoolgirl,
last Friday and dragged her for three
miles along the Santa Fe Railroad
track.
Ordinarily the college town is peace
ful, with little to disturb its academic
calm. There are no saloons in the
place and the jail is not usually popu
lated. Gambling is not permitted and
there are no disorderly houses.
Marshal Kerns exercised diligence
and is considered «to have done all that
his office with its staff of three men
cculd be expected to do. When he de
clared to the Town Trustees that more
men should be employed to suppress
and prevent crime In the city he was
conceded to be reasonable in his re
quest for assistance. The Town Trus
ttes" action followed and with this en
larged staff patroling Berkeley there
will no doubt be less of crime.
PROF. HOWISON
ON THE SOUL'S
IMMORTALITY
BERKELEY. Dec. 13.— Professor Georte H.
IiG*ison, bead of the philosophy department
At the university, has consented to lecture
next Sunday on •'The Immortality of the Soul"
b^fcre the Bible elate of the First Contfre-
Cstlcna! Church of Oakland.
The coveted distinction of membership in the
Golden Bar. an honor society of the university,
tvat conferred Ian night upon the following
men who were initiated at the St. Francis
Hotel in San Francisco: Wam-a Olney Jr.,
Ernest Victor Cowell; class of l»Oi, Philip M.
Carey and Reginald V. Clifford; class of 1905,
I>:a* P. Bootbe, John J. O'Connell. Benjamla
K. Stroud and Lewis S. Bulkeley. Of th«»*e
men BulJtelej- was yell leader this year and
Ctrey !a*t year; Boothe and Stroud are varsity
footbaJi men; O'Connell is distinguished in
ctarly every department of student activities;
Cowell loaned the student body $50uo for ita
us* in athletic plans. A banquet followed the
initiation ceremonies.
Ihe following instructors have been assigned
to visit and examine the high schools of the
ftat* this spring: Professor C. W. Wells In
Etellsh examinations; I>r. E. I. McCormac.
hinory; Professor H. W. Pretcott, Latin; Dr.
E. E. Hill, physics, and Dr. H. E. Torrey.
Profeesor H. K. Schilling, Profe?»or E. B.
Clapp for other branches of high school work.
Others may be appointed later to assist in
the work. Professors Wells, Prescott, Hall
and McCormac will be engaged In this work
througiiout the spring months and will not
Co any class work at the university.
The,,*hort coarseg in agriculture at the uni
versity have proved very successful this term.
They closed last week. A rreater variety of
•ubjects will be given students In the courses
next term. More than fifty, students were
rcgirtered la this new department of the uni
versity this year.
Professor E. E. Brown Is at work with the
Ftet» text book committee, composed of Gov
#>rcor Pardee. the Btatr Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction and Professor Brown. The com.
witte« ha« under consideration the series of
rftders to be recommended to the State Board
c. Education at its nest meeting.
Dr. Carl H. Merriam of the United States
biological survey lectured to-nirht before the
Agricultural Club In South Ha'.I. his subject
being, "The work of the biological survey
with special reference to California."
President Wheeler has consented to speak
el a, banquet to be given to Jacob Rlis the
writer and reformer, at the Palace Hotel on
Jur.uary 7. by the Commonwealth Club of San
Francisco. Rlis is to speak at Hearst Hal?
m-xt week for the benefit of the Went Berkeley
■octal settlement. /
The second football eleven has agreed tc
play a game with an eleven at Selma on
Christmas day. The following men will go-
Evans, Weddle. Arlett, Bartels, Henry An
loff. Coogan. Dauser. O'Connell. Doicke'rman
Kill, Braun. Allason. Allen. Taylor and Can
tt'.n De Armand.
ROOM THIEF STEALS WATCH— Oakland.
Dec. 13.— A thief stole a watch and $17 trom
B. D. Ogden's rw>ia at the Rosa House last
night.
_j\DVERTISE3IEXTS.
If You Knew
You couid be relieved of that periodic or
chronic, nervous or sick headache in a
f>w minutes, would you continue to suf-
fer?
'.Especially when you are assured of
the fact that the remedy is perfect harm-
less, and will have absolutely no other
effect except to relieve and cure the pain.
Dr. /Vliles*
Anti-Pain -Pills
Will bring such relief quick and sure.
That is cot all. They will prevent and
cure all kinds of pain — Neuralgia, Back-
ache, Rheumatism, Menstrual Pains,
Stomachache, etc
Gen. A. Jacbs. merchant. Lima. Ohio,
recommends Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills as
follows:
"I'am anxious that all should know the
virtue of these pills. I have used them
for years, and consider them marvelous
In their instantaneous relief of headache
and all patn. while they leave no disa-
rreeable after effects."
Sold under a guarantee that first pack-
age will benefit, or druggist will return
your money.
26 doses, 25 cents. Never sold In bulk.
It will make no effort to influence any
of the conventions or the election. They
can nominate whom they please, elect
whom they please, and this company
will not lift a finger one way or the
other. We are out of politics for good,
and I hope that the people of Oakland
are as glad of it as we are."
Mr. Dingee added that all of the
questions in dispute between the com
pany and the city are now in the
courts, and he hopes that there will
be an adjustment that will be satis
factory to both the company and the
city. "We want our rights settled by
the United States courts, which are re
moved from all local prejudice," he
said, "and I am determined that this
company shall not be made an issue in
local politics, and it will absolutely
keep out of the situation."
ALAMEDA DOES
NOT LIKE BILL
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Dec. 13.
The county division bill, as pre
pared by a committee of the Merchants'
Exchange, was the subject of a con
ference to-night by the exchange direc
tors, members of the State Legislature
and residents of Oakland and of Ala
meda. George W. Arper of the ex
change admitted that the purpose of
the proposed act was to open the wajl
for a campaign for consolidation off
Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley, bur
he denied that any attempt was to be
made in this direction at once.
Among those at the meeting were
State Senators F. W. Leavltt, G. W.
Lukens and M. W. Simpson and As
semblymen W. H. Waste, P. M. Walsh
and J. J. Burke. These legislators sat
discreetly silent while representatives
from Oakland and Alameda discussed
what they wanted. Alameda was rep
resented by former State Senator E. K.
Tayior. Major C. L. Tilden. C. R.
Smith, U. C. Hanks. George Renner.
H. G. Mehrtens, D. J. McCarthy and
Rev. Dr. Brande*.
The exchange presented to all pres
ent copies of the proposed bill for coun
ty division and then C. R. Smith of
Alameda asked that his district- be
heard from. Major Tilden and J E. K.
Taylor both said that Alameda had no
desire to join with Oakland; that they
could carry their bond elections, while
Oakland could not; and If Oakland
wanted to be a city and county gov
ernment all by itself, Alameda was
perfectly willing, but it was not will
ing to be drawn into a distasteful al
liance.
Senator Leavltt asked what benefit
the passage of the bill would be a'nd
stated that so far as he could see the
mere dividing of the county would be
of no value, for after that was done
another law would have to be passed
allowing the city to form a city and
county government or for several cities
to consolidate and form a city and
county government. This was the only
expression made by any legislator.
Director George Arper stated in ex
planation that a general discussion of
the bill had not been contemplated at
the present time, as it was not pro
posed to ask the members of the Legis
lature any questions but to lay before
them their views upon the matter as
far as they had gone, but if the pro
posed bill passed there would be a
campaign for county division begun at
once.
Trial Jurors Qualify.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13. — The following
Jurors were Judged qualified to serve
to-day on the trial of civil and crim
inal cases: W. C. G. Meyer, W. J
Walker. Frederick G. Welp, James
Potts, William Keegan, John H. Nob
mann. J. T. Dille, John JI. English
Martin Duddy. Henry Menges, James
L. McGivney, Isaac Barnett. J. Tyrrel
Hubbard H. Snow. William H. Wil
liamson, George Fogg, Jacob Tall
m&n. Owen Breslin, William M. But
ters. John Barnett, Joseph Northey,
William Landstaff, John Breen
Thomas Swift, T. P. Emigh. C. D*.
Hayes, E. L. Sargent," George Hoffman
R. H. Bonner, Henry Pearson, F. J.
Ryus, John Hinkel, W. G. Thprnally
L. W. Forstlng, J. S. Derby, F. Dieck
hoff, Andrew Block, John Block, and
Daniel Devany. \ .7;,.- .;-
Woman Wants Her Costs.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13. — Suit was be
grun to-day by Mrs. Catherine T. Wil
liams, against Marguerite Baldwin and
Ellen Flaherty, who went on the bond
of Mrs. Frances M. Hall in her suit
for slander against Mrs. Williams.
The two sureties for Mrs. Hall guar
anteed to indemnify the defendant to
the action for her costs in case the
plaintiff lost the suit. The decision
went against Mrs. Hall, and after
waiting the six months necessary, dur
ing which an appeal can be taken,
attorneys for Mrs. Williams have be
gun the action to recover the costs
which it is stated amounted to $509 30.
Mrs. Hall sued Mrs. Williams for
$20,000 damages for alleged slander
and lost the suit.
Opposes Husband's Search.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13. — Henry A.
Ernest, residing at 812 Henry street,
spent twelve hours in the City Prison
last night • because he forcibly tried
to search his wife's person for $20
that he declared she had hidden from
him. Ernest had laid by the money,
but missed It yesterday. The hus
band insisted that Mrs. Ernest had
taken the coin and had concealed it
in her stocking. When she resisted
his attempts to look for the money,
Ernest used violence, according to
Mrs. Ernest, -who caused his arrest.
But the wife relented when the: case
was- called this morning in the; Police
Court, and Ernest was discharged.
Says Thucs Assaulted Him.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.— Barton W.
Masterson, a clerk residing at 1136
East Twenty-second street, com
plained to the police that he was ; at
tacked by a gang -of hoodlums this
morning on the broad gauge mole and
was badly beaten. , One • of : his ■ assail
ants struck,' Masterson with a .club,
cutting him severely on the forehead.
THE SAN FK ANC1SCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, ■ 1904.
ASK DAM AGES
FOR BIG FIRE
Hose Fails to Give Supply
and the Lack of Water Js
JTade Foundation of Suit
TJIIAL OF CASE BEttlNS
Xieliaus Brothers Say Coii-;
. tra Costa Company Caused
Loss of Large Lumber Mill
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 13.
The trial of the suit of the Niehaus
Bros. Company of Berkeley against
the Contra Costa Water Company for
8141,050 S2 damages as the result of
a fire which destroyed their planing
mill In West Berkeley in August, 1901,
was begun to-day before Judge Ells
worth. The plaintiffs allege that there
was no pressure in the pipes on the
night of the fire and that owing to a
lack of water the mill was destroyed.
The basis of the action is the claim
made by Niehaus Bros, that they had
seven hydrants placed in different
parts of the mill, known as the West
Berkeley Planing Mill, under special
arrangements with the water \ com
pany that a pressure of at least fifty
pounds would be maintained in the
pipes, and this was considered to be
sufficient to protect the mill. Each
night the water ,was turned on by the
night watchman from a hydrant in
the street so as to.be ready In case of
need, but on the night in question it
is alleged that the water would bare
ly run out of the end of the hose.
Maps of the building and the gen
eral location of it were introduced by
Attorney W. S. Goodfellow, represent
ing the plaintiffs, to-day, and this af
ternoon the night watchman took the
stand and told of the discovery of the
fire by him and the giving of the
alarm. The water company is repre
sented by Attorney Knight of the
firm of Page, McCutcheon & Knight
of San Francisco and M. C. Chapman
of this city. '
RICH WOMAN'S GIFT TO
IIOME-FIXDIXG SOCIETY
Pliilanthropist of Berkeley Donates
Land on Which Nursery Will Be
Erected.
BERKELEY, Dec. 13.— Valuable
lots adjoining the property of the
Children's Home Finding Society at
1921 Russell street have just been
given to the society by Mrs. Rosa M.
Shattuck. On the land will be built
a nursery for homeless children, to
be operated in connection with the so
ciety's present undertakings. The in
stitution has its headquarters in the
Academy of .Sciences building, in San
Francisco, the Berkeley home being
merely a branch.
The society has been in great need,
for some time, of a nursery where lit
the children intrusted to the officers'
care can be housed to
their being placed in families, and
this nursery is now made possible
through the generosity of Mrs. Shat
tuck. It was she who gave the so
ciety the land on which the society's
present building stands.
Work will be commenced at once
upon the task of securing funds and
material 'for a new building. The
Mufti Club gave an entertainment for
the society's benefit last Friday at the
home of Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Her
mann, and other entertainments of a
similar character will be arranged by
friends of the institution in Berkeley.
JOSHUA C. EWIXG, AN
AGED PIONEER, DIES
Crossed the Plains from Missouri and
Lived for Fifty-four" Years
In California.
OAKLAND, Dec. 1. — Joshua. C. Ew
lng, a pioneer of 1850, and father of
J.' Cal Ewing, former County. Auditor
and now Secretary of the State Board
of . Bank Commissioners, died this
morning at his residence, 122 Ninth
street, at the age of 79 years 6 months.
The aged Californlan had been ailing
for several months.
Ewingr crossed the plains from Mis
souri to California and settled in San
Francisco, but subsequently he went
to the mines. Later he. taught school
In Santa Clara and Contra Costa
counties, coming to Oakland in 1871.
For many years he had been engaged
in book selling. Besides his wife de
ceased leaves three children, Mrs. H.
W. Hanna of Denver, C. W. Ewing
and J. Cal Ewing. Funeral services
will be held to-morrow afternoon "at
2 o'clock at the Ewing residence.
DAVID KINIRY GOES
TO THE COUNTY JAIL
Alleged Murderer of Policeman James
II. Smith Removed From
.: the City Prison.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.~David Kiniry
was transferred this afternoon from
the City Prison to the County Jail,
there to be held for trial* In the Su
perior Court on a charge of having
murdered Patrolman James H. Smith.
Kiniry was. given a cell in the Grand
Jury corridor, hear that of Lemuel D.
Ctmpbell, who Is awaiting trial on a
charge of killing his wife, Laura
CJampbell. •
District Attorney Allen will file an
information against Kiniry as soon as
the legal requirements > touching his
commitment for trial have: been ful
filled. Kiniry has made no effort to
procure' legal counsel for his defense.
Farmer Found Dead.
LIVERMORE, Dec. 13.— Otto Hei
neg, a* rancher, was found dead to-day
at his home near this city. -He was
40 years old, a native of Germany, and
leaves no family. An inquest will be
held. '. j
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY, CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
RAMONA :•' -a
CHOCOLATE^CHIPS t-
Or the
RAMONA DOMINOES.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small ; Ad : Page for Further
Particulars. "
UNION LEAGUE
CLUB STARTED
Oakland Political Order
Begins Its Career Under
Favorable Circumstances
WILL BE LINK IN CHAIN
One of Many Like Organiza
tions Now Spreading From
Maine to the Golden State
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
- 1016 Broadway, Dec. 13.
The permanent organization of tha
Union League Club of Alameda County
was completed this evening and with
this act was launched the largest Re
publican political organization that has
ever been attempted here. It is pro
posed to make this club a 4>art of the
great qhain of Union League clubs that
has been "formed throughout the coun
try and to have permanent headquar
ters. For this purpose negotiations are
under way for the top floor of the new
sky-scraping Union Savings Bank
building-
The meeting to-night was attended
by representative Republicans and was
presided over by George E. de Golia in
the absence of Senator Perkins, Secre
tary Metcalf and Governor Pardee, the
president and vice presidents of the
league. A special committee upon
permanent nominations was appointed,
consisting of A. C. Henry, C. L. Tis
dale, P. W. Belllngall, W. W. Garth -
walte, B. H. Pendleton, F. W. Richard
son and S. J. Taylor.
This committee reported a list-- of
permanent officers and directors, who
were elected without opposition, as fol
lows:
President, George C Perkins, United
States Senator; flrBt vice president, H.
C. Capwell; second vice president, C.
S. Neal; secretary, S. J. Taylor; treas
urer, F. K. Mott; directors, Sol Kahn,
J. W. Richards. A. C. Henry, George
W. Dorniri, F. B. Granger. and Dr. C.
L. Tisdale.
These directors represent all portions
of Alameda County and representation
is not confined to any one section. The
next proposition that will confront the
new officers will be the renting and
furnishing of the new rooms.
BRIEF 0AEA1 NEWS
MAKES SMALL. HAUL- Oakland. Dec. 13.
— A burglar last night stole S3 cents from the
cash register et P. K. Trulson's store, 5904
San Pablo avenue.
LADIES TO ENTERTAIN.— Oakland. Dec.
13. — Lycn Relief Corps No. 6, W. B. C. *ave
a whist tournament this evening at Loring
Hall. The affair was well attended. Among
the prizes wer« two orders for Christmas tur
keys.
GIVEN . FINAX, DECREE.— Oakland. Deo.
13. — A final decree of divorce was granted
Jennie A. Buchanan to-day foom Edward J.
Buchanan on the ground of willful neglect.
She was also awarded the custody of the
minor child. ' O VT • ■>■ • " * ''.•-'
CHARGES PARTNER WITH THEFT.—
Oakland, Dee. 13.— P. N. Chagel, one of tho
proprietors of a restaurant at 614 Thirteenth
street, has complained to the police that N.
J. Piko, his partner, has disappeared with |150
of the firm's money.
TEAMSTERS PLAN BALL.— Oakland, Dec.
13.— Th* local Material Teamsters' Union will
Bive a ball next Saturday evening at Hovey's
Hall. The members of the committee in chargro
of the affair are: John Pearson, Louis Johns.
Joe Lenis, Harry Leibter, B. Nash and Georga
Walker.
SCHOOL TEACHERS' MUSICALE.—Oak
land, Dee. 13.— The public school teachers will
give a muslsul afternoon Thursday at the
Common School Assembly Hall. Numbers will
be rendered by Miss Winifred June Morgan.
Miss Ruth Waterman, MlM Susie Waterman
and Lowell Redneld.
CONDUCTORS TO INSTALL OFFICERS. —
Oakland, Dec. 13.— Golden Gate Division No.
364 Order of Railway Conductors, will Install
the' newly elected officers of the division to
morrow evening at Fraternity Hall in Went
Oakland. After the Installation the annual
banquet w^ll be held.
TO HOLD RUMMAGE SALE.— Oakland.
Dec. 13. — The members of Appomattox Relief
Corps No. 5, W. R. C. will hold a rummage
sale at 764 Seventh street, beginning Thurs
day afternoon,. December 15, and continuing
for three days. Officers have been elected for
the ensuing term.
MISS BAYLEY LAID TO REST.— Oakland,
Dec. 13. — Tho funeral of Miss Josephine Bay
ley, who riled Tuesday. December 6, at St.
Helena nas held to-day from the home ot
her plater. Mrs. A. B. Bennlson, 550 Twenty
seventh street. The interment was In Moun
tain View Cemetery.
MANY SCAVENGERS' CASES SET.—Oak
land Dec. 13.— Forty cases of scavengers,
charged with violating the garbage crematory
law, were set to-dsy for trial by. Jury in the
Police Court on dates running from -January
24 to June, 1905: These cases are additional
Jo a large number that already block the court
talsndars.
\ TO GIVE EXTRAVAGANZA.— Oakland.
Vtc. 13.— The children of the Eighth Avenue
Methodist Sunday school are preparing an ex
travaffanza to be, given at the annual- chrlst
iras festival, whlcb will be held ThurSdny
evening December* 22. in Washington Hall.
The proceeds will be donated to the Fred
Finch orphanaee.
TALKS ON" IMPARTIAL LAW.— Oakland.
Dec 13.— S. P. Meads addressed the members
of. the Oakland Prohibition Alliance this even
ing on "The Impartial Enforcement oX All
Law." The address was followed by a sen
eral dlsciiMlon. R. E. Bllnht, the president
of the alliance, occupied the chair for the
last time, as he leaves for . the East before
tho next meetlnz. ;
SAYS MOTHER IS INSANE.— Oakland, Dec.
\S— Mrs. Jcnnette Shields of 2318 Santa Clara
avenue Alameda. wa»: taken to the Receiving
Hospital this afternoon and confined ■ in the
insane ward on the complaint of her daughter.
Mrs. Isabel Scott, who says her mother is in
sane. She is Buffering from melancholia, and
haa threatened self-destruction. ;
MRS. MELVIN WINS SUIT.— Oakland, Dec.
n Decision .was rendered in favor of Mrs.
Georgena Melvln to-day In her BUlt against
the E. B. & A. L. Stone Company for dam
ages to the extent of $307 60, and "she was
also granted a permanent Injunction restrain
ing them from using coat-burning engines
within 100 feet of her premises.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland, i Dec. / 13.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
by the County Clerk to-day: August". S.' Ber
gen 27, and Loga Ramsey, 24, both ' of . Oak
land; Smith J. Herrlck. 50, and Zannah E.
Adams. 47, both of Oakland; James M. Young,
33, and Dora Gerl 29. both of San Francisco;
George W. Kelly, 26. San Francisco, and Lil
lian M. Scott. 23, Alameda: Samuel J. Acker
man, over ■ 21 ; San Francisco, and Minnie E.
Ecker. over IS, Alameda; Louis R. Alb«rtsen,
over 21, Berkfetry. and Hansine C. Hansen. over
18,'L.lvermore; John E. Guetafson. over 21, and
Julia S. Johnson over ■ 18. both of Oakland;
John Hamilton, over 21, Elmhunrt, . ; and
bella C. Rellly^over 18. Oakland. • ■ »
News of Quiet Marriage^
BERKELEY, Dec. IS.— Cupid was
on the telephone ' wires,' .apparently,
when W. R. Hampton, 1 a linemarfh'of
the telephone company's ; crew, ■•; and
Miss Nellie Henderson, a , "hello 'girl"
at Alameda, discussed 'business and
office matters. -. Their, conversations on
official, -.v subjects .led s to a mar
riage V.Wednesday, when they
left this ' city, -where; -Hampton
resides." and' went to San 'Rafael. They
were married at the Marin
Gretna iGreen, arid:.'; to-day made the
news public. ■ Their residence here-;
after will be" In San Francisco.
t Inspect ow new brick warehouse, ready to r*-"
ceive household roods exclusively Nov. 1: : ; Only
brick warehouse in city.- Beklns Van & Storage
Co.. 1016 Broadway, Oakland,- TtL Main 007. •
EBELL'S RECEPTION
IS A GREAT SUCCESS
Founders Day Is Celebrated
Brilliant Assemblage Treated to a Rare Pro
gramme of Entertainment by
Clever People.
By Zoe Green Ttadcliffe.
OAKLAND, Dec. 13.— The Ebell Club
reception this afternoon in honor of
Founders' day was one of the most
brilliant affairs in the history of the
organization. ' The capacity of the
clu brooms was taxed to its utmost, al
though none but members had been
invited to the "birthday party"— for
to-day was also the twenty-eighth an
niversary of the club's organization.
N ' The auditorium never looked prettier,
great flaming poinsettias— all the way
from San Diego, by the way, the gift
of Miss Kate Sessions, a charter mem
ber of the Ebell— glorifying the audi
torium with their vivid scarlet, while
over the arch of the plattorm garlands
of smilax were woven into love-knots
and graceful festoons.
At the back of the platform twenty
eight waxen tapers blazed and in the
center of the room a huge birthday
cake, in a wreath of .poinsettias and
bearing twenty-eight tiny red candles,
occupied a post of honor.
Mrs. E. J. Cotton was chief hostess,
and under her direction was given a
fine musical programme, preceding
which Mrs. J. B. Hume, the club's
president, made a few introductory re-"
marks that were heartily applauded.
Mrs. Hume is eloquent at all time*,
and her references to the high aims of
the club and her appeal to the mem
bers to keep ever In view the high
standard they had raised — the standard
of pure womanly worth and culture —
were marked by characteristic grace
and force.
Amon Cain, a barytone formerly with
the Castle Square Opera Company, fa
vored the assembled clubwomen with
a varied selection of songs,' including
an aria by Donizetti and another from
"The Barber of Seville." Mrs. Nunan
of San Francisco sang two beautiful
songs, one being by Dr. H. J. Stewart,
whose pupil she is. Mrs. Nunan was a
vision in a rose pink gown and big
white picture hat. Her voice is a so
prano of rare ' sweetness and purity.
Another pleasing musical number was a
CLERK MISSING
AND COIN GONE
Thomas.. Breham, chief clerk of the
Hotel Auditorium, disappeared Satur
day night, and with him are missing
funds belonging to the hotel. Playing
the races Is alleged to be the cause of
his downfall. Breham had been for
two years the rusted employe of
Laurence McKenna, the proprietor of
the hotel.
McKenna first went into the hotel
as night clerk. He soon proved hlm
selt so efficient that he was promoted
to chief day clerk, where he was given
much responsibility. ' He became pop
ular with the guests,^ especially the
members of the racing contingent who
lived at the house. About two
months ago McKenna found that
new interests would occupy his time,
and he practically turned over the
management of the Auditorium to
Breham. He, however, came to the
hotel every morning to check up- the
cash. Gradually it dawned upon him
that the receipts were falling off. .
Last Saturday . morning McKenna
noticed there\was a big falling off, and
v;hen he returned at 10 o'clock at
night, Breham had disappeared. So
far examinations of the books show a
shortage of about $500. 'How much
larger the amount will be cannot be
.ascertained- until the books have been
: thoroughly examined.
McKenna says that Breham seldom
went to the race tracks,' but that he
has discovered that he haunted the
resorts where pools were sold.
Breham had been quietly removing
his effects' from the hotel for some ten
days before -his departure, and when
he finally took hlB leave he carried a
dress suit case and an overcoat, which
he told the night clerk he was taking
to the ferry for a friend.
The police have beeit notified^
To Improve Telephone Service.
BERKELEY. Dec. 13. — Work was
begun to-day under the direction of
Manager Jules Kuester upon a project
which, eventually is to change the tel
ephone system In Berkeley so that
subscribers, instead ' of being obliged
to call for "Danas" and "Stuarts" and
"Derbys" and other prefixes when
asking for a number, will simply ask
for- "Berkeley." The change is ex
pected to be a great convenience. All
ten-party lines are to be cut down to
four-party lines.
DIES AT ADVANCED AGE.— Oakland.
Dec. 13. — Lewis Calvin Thomas, a . native of
Georgia, aged 73 years, died Sunday at his
resldenc*. 1727 Filbert street. He leaves a
wife, Mrs. Hannah H. Thomas, and three
daughters— Mrs. J. W. Hanby, Mrs. A. P.
Relnhardt and Mrs. J. O. Arnett. Deceased
was a member, of Enterprise Lodge No. 208.
I.-O.'O."-?.- . :
'advertisements.
RATIONAL TREATMENT
\ • OF
Stomach Diseases
■ MEANS : . ' %
Discard Injurious Drug's
Stycozoite
A Harmless Powerful Germicide -•
Endorsed by Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postage
on Free ', Trial Bottle.- Sold by. leading
druggists. ■ :\"l\ * .*
•'■ NOT GENUINE WITHOUT Mr SIGNATURE: -
61 0 PRINCC ST.; NEW YORK. * -
Write row Fntc booklit on Ratmnal TRiATMOrr ,
• ' . . -of OiaaAei. - .
Meyerbeer-Liszt arrangement of "L'Af
ricatne," charmingly executed by a
charming Chicago girl. Miss Amarylla
Bromley.
Miss Pearl King recited "A Romance
of the Sawdust Ring" in her usual ar
tistic manner, and was compelled to
respond to an encore, though suffering
greatly from hoarseness. Hiss Jean
Logan, San Francisco society's favorite
dancer, appeared in two of her costume
dances. . • -.-■;
Six former presidents of the club
were honored guests to-day, including
Mrs. P. D. Browne/ Miss Sarah W.
Horton, Mrs. George W. Bunnell, Mrs.
A. W. Bishop, Mrs. Kate A. Bulklty
and Miss Mabel Thayer Gray. These
ladies, with the charter members and
founders of the club, were in the receiv
ing party to-day, which also embraced
the officers. Among the charter mem
bers present were: Miss M. F. Benton,
Dr. C. A. Buckel, Mrs. W. H. Friend,
Mrs. F. B Ginn, Mrs. E. C. Poston,
Mrs. S. G. Smythe-Esterly. Mrs. J. W.
McClymonds and Miss Maria Babson
are among the founders, though . not
charter members. The officers are:
President, Mrs. J. B. Hume; vice presi
dents, Mrs. C. W. Kinsey and Mrs. S.
J. Taylor; recording ■- secretary, Miss
Eva -Powell; financial secretary," Miss
Jennie Hill; treasurer. Miss Carrie Gor
rill; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
Ralph W. Klnney; assistant secretary,
Mrs. George M. Shaw; general curator,
Mrs. John Bakewell.
Mrs. Cotton was assisted in dispens
ing the club's hospitality by Mrs. Seth
Mann, Mrs. George Bornemann, Mrs.
Joseph Kelly, Mrs. Fred B. Dallam,
Mrs. L. F. Cockroft.-Mrs. E. A. Kluegel.
Mrs. A.' C. Schlesslnger, Mrs. D. W.
Gelwicks, Mrs. Melvln C. Chapman,
Mrs. F. A. Allardt, Mrs. T. C. Coogan.
Mrs. Will Patttani, Mrs. George E. de
Golia, Mrs. J, Loran Pease. Miss Carrie
Nicholson, Mrs. Willard Williamson,
Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld, Mrs. B. S. Hub
bard, Mrs. Vernon Waldron, Mrs. J. R.
Scupham. Mrs. Paul Lohse. Mrs.
Churchill Taylor, Mrs. F. A. Webster
and others.
SHIPPING BILL
TO BE URGED
Special Dispatch to The Call,
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, _Dec. 13.-A final
agreement on the. ship-subsidy bill has
been t reached by the commission of Sen
ators and Representatives who investi
gated this question' during the recess
of Congress. The report of the com
mission is also nearing completion and
both the bill and the report will prob
ably be presented before the adjourn
ment for the holidays.
In spite of the stamp of disapproval
put on this measure by Speaker Can
non and other House leaders, who were
urging economy, the friends of the
measure are planning to make a vig
orous campaign in its behalf and de
clare that Democratic opposition in
Senate and House has very largely dis
appeared.
The principal features of the bill In
clude mail subventions and rebates of
tonnage taxes. The new bill elimi
nates the question of preferential or
differential duties. The commission,
after an investigation of this feature,
decided that It was not practicable. It
was found that there could be no plan
for a direct subsidy drawn up that
would not conflict with from thirty to
forty commercial treaties, which would
be likely to arouse retaliatory legisla
tion. It is on the new mail routes,
with a very generous speed maximum
and an alternative subvention, that the
new bill is founded. The vessels which
do not care to undertake mall contracts
are allowed the alternative of the em
ployment of a certain percentage of
American sailors belonging to the navy
reserve — about one-eighth.
It is not certain just what will be
the amount of money involved. It is
estimated that the rebate on the ton
nage tax. may reach 55,000,000. In the
case of the Pacific lines running to the
Orient and the Pan-America mall sub
ventions it may amount to between
$1,500,000, and $2,000,000. iNo estimates
have yet been made for the Atlantic.
It is expected that the Pacific Mail,
with its lines running to China and
Japan, will get about $500,000 and prob
ably $250,000 on its lines to the Isthmus.
It Is purposed to raise the rate of the
tonnage tax. That now being charged
by the United States Is lower than any
other countjy charges on foreign bot
toms. This sum, which is now turned
into the treasury and is going to the
marine hospital service, the lighthouse
service and the like, will thus be gVeat
ly Increased and will be equally dis
tributed among American ships. >-•-
EUREKA POWER PLANT
IS DESTROYED BY FIRE
Oil Soaked Floor of ~ Structure Fur
nishes Food for Flames, Which
Canse Loss of $30,000.
EUREKA, Dec. 13. — The Electric
power plant of the Eureka Lighting
Company was destroyed by fire at 3
o'clock this afternoon. The fire was
started by crossed wires under the
first floor of the main building. The
floor was saturated with oil and as
soon as it became ignited the entire
building was enveloped in fiamefa. Five
dynamos and other machinery^ were
destroyed. The loss is $30,000, paxtly
covered by $17,000 insurance.
ESCAPE FROM BURNING
BUILDING IN NIGHT ROBES
COLUSA, Dec 13. — The residence
on the Berkey-MItchell orchard, sit
uated one mile from Colusa, was de
stroyed by ,flre early this morning.
The occupants. Peter 1. Berkey, Will
Janders and Jesse Farnsworth, and a
Chinese cook, barely escaped death in
the ■ flames. They were compelled to
leave the building In their night
clothes.' Berkey's head and face were
badly burned. "
•WILL FIGHT ASSESSMENT.— Oakland.
Dec. -13. — A committee appointed by residents
of the First Ward to handle the fight against
the . Tblrty-atxth-street sewer assessment has
retained* Attorney H. S. ■ Robinson to take th»
protest Into court. The member* of the com
mittee , are preparing tor * bitter legal battl*.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Slain 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
AIiA3IEDA.
1435 Park Street.
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, \DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P.M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY. ~' r
SEAMEN WILL HAVE HOME
FOR AGED AXD DECREPIT
Convention Appoints Committee to
Work In Behalf of the Pro
posed Project,
The proposed home for aged and
decrepit seamen was favored by tha
Seamen's Convention yesterday and a
committee was appointed to prepare
plans. William H. Frazier of Boston,
L. Fltzpatrick of Milwaukee, Paul
Scharrenberg of San Francisco, D.
Sullivan of Brooklyn and William
Curry were apointed as a committed
to further the project.
An amendment to the constitution
was adopted in regard to establish
ment of a permanent office of secre
tary-treasurer, who Is to devote all his
time to the work.
A resolution was adopted asking
Congress to enact a measure to in
clude seamen in the Chinese alien and
contract labor law.
The proposal to raise the per capita
tax from fifteen cents to twenty-ona
cents per quarter was sanctioned.
A committee on organization re
ported in favor of appointing organi
zers at St. John. New Brunswick, New-
York, Philadelphia, Baltimore and
New Orleans.
Delegates to the American Federa
tion of Labor Convention made a sup
plementary report on the act of the
textile workers at Fall River, Mass.
The convention ordered the payment
of the assessment levied by the Ameri
can Federation of Labor Convention to
assist the members who are out on a
strike.
ALJBERTA UVERXASH GIVES
CLASSICAL PIAXO RECITAIi
Renders Liszt's Composition* in Clever
Manner and Plays Entirely '
From Memory.
Little Alberta Uvernash, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Livernash, gave
a piano recital at the residence of her
parents last night.
The little Miss besides showing an
unusually fine technique, displayed a
wonderful memory. She played th»
entire programme of ten numbers, all
difficult compositions of Liszt, without
notes.
About seventy-five guests were pres
ent. Refreshments were served, at th«
close of the musical entertainment.
MERGER TALK REVIVED.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— The report
that negotiations are pending for a
merger of the Western Union and Pos
tal Telegraph companies has for Its
foundation - something more than ldta
Wall street talk.
It can be stated on trustworthy au
thority that suggestions looking to
such result have been mad© to both
George J. Gould and his associates in
the Western Union and to the Postal
Telegraph management.
Some of the heaviest stockholders of
the Western Union are known to favor
the acquisition of the Postal Telegraph
on a mutually advantageous basis.
"F. C. and Ii.** Club Entertainment.
The ladles of the "F. C and L."
Club of the General Georg« G. Meade
Corps will hold their bazaar, .enter
tainment and dance this .evening in
Social Hall, A. O. F. building. 102
O'Farrell street. There will be dainty
and useful fancy work for sale and
pretty dolls of every description, all
useful for Christmas gifts. The com
mittee in charge has arranged many
pleasing features for the evening, and
there will De the usual refreshment
booths. No admission will be charged.
Natives Will Help the Sick.*
Tosemlte Parlor of the Hatlra
Daughters of the Golden West will
give an entertainment and dance In
Mission Opera Hall to-morrow night
In aid of its fund for the relief of its
members who may be placed on the
sick list, a fund that has been drawn
upon. to a great extent during the past
few months."
C. L. Py Marals, "Conselller du
Commerce Exterieur de la France,"
has gone to Europe on important busi
ness. He will return in about two
months.
ADVEKTlSJEaiEXTS.
for the Lit twenty-flTe years and never found any
the headache. They have entirely cured him
Caannti do what yon recommend them to do. I
?« -Sir*,. 7011 thl » P rtT "ew ot usinc hi. naie *
( E.M. Dlctson.na Keslner St., WJndUaapoll^Iad.
l^W. CANDY CATHARTIC _^^^
- Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or M T «o8
ANNUAL SALE. TEN MILLION BOXESADVERTISEMENTS.
ARE YOU SICK?
If so, where?
Headache?
Dry. hacking cough?
Foul tongue?
Less of appetite? •
Lcck of energy?
Pain In stomach?
General weakness?
These are but a few of the signs of
lr digestion.
Some others are: Wind In the stom-
ach cr bowels; comUpaUon or dlar-
rr.ea; pale complexion; spots before the
*->es; dizziness; loss of flesh; irritabil-
ity; sleeplessness; nervousness.
All these symptoms will plague and
torment you. -and will never perma-
nently leave you, once you suffer from
them; only are sure. In time, to get
worse, if not treated by the best known
scientific method of cure— Stuart's
dyspepsia Tablets.
These curative tablets are composed
of ir.grredients which modern knowledge
of the true inward processes of diges-
tion approve of. as forming the best,
safest, surest and most scientific com-
bination of medicinal drugs that can
be used to relieve all the conditions of
l!'-health brought on by this much-
dreaded disorder.
A disease so "protean" or changeable
la its manifestations, assuming so
many forms, characterized by so many
different symptoms that, more times
than not. it is mistaken for s'ome other
■ disease altogether, and the poor patient
may die, or at best allow the seeds of
. permanent, chronic sickness to germ-
inate and take root in his system.
. So it ls a real danger we ask you to
avoid, when we say: In case of doubt,
take Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Even if disordered digestion ls not
the real cause of your sickness (which,
probably, though, it ls), yet your di-
gestion is nearly certain to be out of
order, and If allowed to remain so will
seriously complicate your sickness for
you.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, then, will
b» sure to do you good, and will not
interfere with any other medicine you
may be taking.
They will help to make your food
make you strong, and thus, if in no
other way. help you back to health by
helping your system to throw off dis-
ease like a healthy duck shakes water
off Its back.
Shake off your sickness with Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
ForChristmas !
I PRESS 1**^^S^ jS|? I f^-
The most modern end convenient of |
Fountain Pens. Fills without soiling I
the fingers: does not drop nor sweat
Ink's feeds freely and Is always ready •
for business.
Prices S.'t.OO to 85.00.
Opn't fall to ft*>«» my choice line of '
Holiday Leather Goods.
52OPPIKG BAGS In all latest
Etyl*^: r»w*»st colorings and leathers.
f:< m r,l\c to 810.0O.
CASD CASES and Purses — good
!»OV UP-
Come in to-day.
CHS1STMAS CARDS nnd CA I, EN-
DA S3 at POPULAa FBI CSS.
ila.il orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
T. VT. PITTS, the Stationer.
1001 LtAE-KET ST., opp. Fifth St.
San t rancisco.
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that is to let it alone. lr you try
any other way it will get the best of _
you. If you can't let it alone you need
I>r. McKacna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
lia. cures the liquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting the
system in its natural condition, where
■ liquor is not needed to help the machin-
ery of the body to do its work. Dr.
McKar.2* effects a complete cure in three
<*?.ys without the use of dangerous hy-
poder:iiics. annoying confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatmem
is absolutely safe and cannot harm the
most delicate constitution. Why waste
time and money in drinking whisky
when you can be cured of the liquor
habit la three days with no chance of
failure, ro risk and no unpleasantness?
Thir.k it over and call or write Dr. Mc-
Kanna for full information. Address 14
Geary street, San Francisco, CaL Phon*
1C27 ilaln.
(, visit DR. JORDAN'S grcatJ
igUSEUH OF AHfiTCSYl
\ 2l Tb« L»r-e*»Aa£te»ie»l Mi»eo» in ik* \
ft . 1 j-.' W«cid- We»kBe»et cr *i.jr txr.-nct'i A
0 I 1j5& t CR. JOHCAR-D'SEASES GF'KEH A
1 |'^?'^J • Coc«e!«.mc free «r.d fn"Ay ji--ra't. \
ff 3 jCSvf I Traatacst p-r-«B»>>y or b» letter. A A
\ ft If S\' f**tomm Om m rrery cuemulenakcn. \
A ? If til » WrHcfor Pook. MlL(HoraY.f A
V • I it* D4BaiA«I. MtlLU r££L (AV
A si u- ** "■**' c t * xl " '* r m " ' A
V f>3. JUCD4X A CO.. 1K1 Xarlrrt SSL. 3. F. V
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUABAZTTZED CUBE FOB MEIf.
HAB3II.ESS IUJECTZO1*. Cures ordinary
cas« s in a few dav?. Warranted to cure
worst cases. JTO OTZXEB TBEATME3TT
KEQTTIE.ro. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PEEVEJTTS CO3TTAGIOST. Harm-
Uss. JJ.oo for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. KSLLTS PHARMACY. 102 Eddy.
Ateays.ileingnfcer tbe Full Ji^me \
S axative B^romo Qrannia
Cores a Cold inCae Day, Crip in 2 Days
4%* (yLj& caevery
%Q. SiT'&yr&trz** box, 25a •
Weak Men and Women;
SHOULD USE DAillANA BITTERS. THE |
Great Mexican Remedy: B !ves health «r.d :
itrcnsth- to sexual crcars. Depot. 323 Market. |
| COOK BOOKS. ||
$ Owing to the unusual demand S I
X ' on the part of our subscribers S !
r, for TIf E CALI/S Premium Cook £ S
?i j I Jcok It ha« been necessary to « !
O order an additional supply. § I
g These books are expected about Sri I
V tlv? 15th inst.. on and after S j
g which date they will be at the 2 I
X "disposal of our. patrons at. the '&,[
■&~ very low price of 50c. «
wy "-To subscribers rcceivinjr their S j
£ paj>cr by mall there will be an ' S • ,
# additional charge of 25c to pre- §
<> pay Mpressagc . We also have' «
S on hand a few copies of "Wild Q
g Animals I Vaxe Met." thor- ;*
X owrhly descripUve of the whole g
r, animal . kingdom, on the same ij
1% terms. Order now, as our sup- Q
P ply is limited. *o
MADDENED COASTERS PURSUE
YOUIG MAN FROM OHIO.
He Shocks Dance Hall Usage
i
Objects When Taxed for Liquids
Which He Did Not Consume
BY JAMES C CRAWFORD.
When he started from his native
town, Columbus, O., to tour the west
ern seaboard young Byron Collier had
been warned to 'ware breakers and
shoals along the Barbary Coast of San
Francisco, which forewarning may
have been explanatory of his posses
sion of a Etout club when he sauntered
into a Pacific-street dance hall last
Saturday night. Ke was also equipped
with reliable Information anent the
*• !•
tricks and devices employed in such
places to dissociate the unsophisti
cated traveler from his ready money
and It was with the confidence of a
seasoned habitue that he Ignored alike;
the blandishments of the sirens and
the rougher overtures of their mascu
line consorts, firmly declining either to
trip a two-steD or purchase liquids.
But not until the man behind the bar
began to regard him with baleful eye
did Mr. Collier realize that the estab
lishment was not maintained for the
purpose of providing inquisitive tour
ists with gratuitous glimpses of the
under world and that his refusals to
spend money actually put him in the
light of an intruder.
Shocked by the realization he has
tened to order for himself one glass of
beer, in payment for which~he tendered
a J3 gold piece, having no coin of
smaller denomination. The foaming
beverage was placed before him, the
golden disk withdrawn from his gaze,
and as he sipped and waited for his
change he was rather surprised to see
how suddenly the business of the bar
picked up. Every one in the place
seemed to have been abruptly seized
with a thirst that would not be denied.
Men and women flocked from all parts
of the house and ranged themselves
along the counter until they were lined
up two deep, and the mixologist sum
moned an assistant to aid him in serv
ing them. Even the orchestra, com
posed of piano, cornet and snare drum,
ceased torturing the atmosphere and
augmented the bibulous throng. What
also struck Mr. Collier as somewhat
remarkable was his meteoric rise in
popularity. Ere tipping their glasses
the thirsty ones favored him with
friendly nods and drank to his per
petual retention of good health. The
ladies, as a rule, said: "Here's happy
days, kiddo," while the men varied the
toast by exclaiming: "How. young fel
ler" and "Lookin' at ye, kid."
When the crowd had been served
and the barman was leisurely washing
and wiping glassware Mr. Collier ex
pressed desire to get the J4 95 for
which he had courteously waited until
the rush subsided, but, instead of the
money, he was given an intimidatory
glare accompanying the Information
that beer equivalent in value to the
entire V had been consumed by those
whom he had invited to drink with
him. Mr. Collier endeavored to explain
that he had not invited any one, but
his explanation went for naught, and
he was requested to walk out and thus
avoid being thrown out. A hostile
demonstration with his club brought
upon him like a pack cf wolves the
very folk who a few moments pre
viously had pledged him in white
topped beakers, and he was compelled
to smite several of them to the floor
ere he could make his exit. With the
pack in full cry at his heels he ran
down the street and was probably
saved from serious bodily Injury by
Patrolmen Skaln and Holmes, one of
whom held the mob at bay while the
other arrested the pursued one for car
rying a deadly weapon, the same being
a club.
"I have discovered," said Mr. Collier
to Police Judge Mogan, "that Just as
soon as I placed the $5 on the counter
the bartender surreptitiously touched
an electric button that summoned all
the people in the place to step up and
drink."
He was given till next Saturday to
make and report further startling dis
coveries.
. . .
Mrs. Kate Gallagher ' deplored the
fact that her twenty-seventh appear
ance as a defendant accused of drunk
enness was made before Judge Conlan.
who had sent her to prison about a
dozen times. .-,-••;• •
"Sure an' .It's a new lot of Judges
•ne want." she. remarked. Then, leer
ing coquettishly at Bailiff Laws, she
said: "An' it's, sorry I am that j-ou're
not the Judge, for I've known you
ever since you were a kid an*, threw
rocks at me."
The Bailiff blushed and the Judge
prescribed, thirty days for Mrs. Galla
gher.-.-*,. -V:l>"
When the selection of a new carpet
for Department Xo. 4 was submitted
by the contractor to the attaches of
that tribunal he suggested that the
color scheme be a dark red shotted
with black, .but Clerk "Barney". Con
lan opined that , plain emerald green
would harmonize better - with ' the en
vironment, to say nothing of Its ex
ceptional benefit to -the visual organs
of those who : trod It. Bailiff Xeil
Carmichael, however, thought that
a Macgregor' tartan, which ls dark
quadrangles on a crimson Afield,, would
be most pleasing to the eye - aa j well
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14 l , 1904.
as more in accord with the majesty
oJ the court. This opinion was warm
ly contested by Mr. Conlan, who held
that grreen without trimmings has
boen the hue universally accepted as
emblematic of justice since time im
memorial. To which Mr. Carmichael
retorted that in this progressive nation
and age the dispensation of unadulter
ated Justice is not dependent upon
recognition of any accompanving
color.
"An* sae far as thot gangs," he
added, "theer's nae gude reason why
green should be chosen ony mair thon
red or blue."
"D'ye railly think so?" Mr. Conlan
inquired.
"Xae gude reason at a'," Mr. Car
michael repeated.
"Sure an' it's a wondher," said Mr.
Conlan. with fine irony, "that you
don't ricommend a bunch o' thistles
with your Macgrigor plaid."
"Aweel. mon," sighed Mr. Carmich
ael. "I dinna ken thot thistles wouldna
be as agreeable tae th' een as sham
rocks."
"Ye don't, don't ye? Well, that's
not all ye dlnna ken," Mr. Conlan
exclaimed.
The debate was waxing acrimonious
when Judge Cabaniss. uninfluenced by
racial predilection and striking for
peace, asked the carpet dealer if he
could obtain a pattern showing this
tles strewn upon an emerald field,
and the dealer surprised all present
by declaring that he could and would.
He- did, and that's how. the carpet in
Department Xo. 4 came to be alluded
to as "the Cabaniss compromise."
Judge Fritz dismissed the felony
embezzlement charge against Miss
I-ena Walton, recently of Alaska, who
was accused by Max Gutter of having
sold to him for $1000 an interest in
a gold mine'which she had previously
disposed of. The testimony against
the woman was insufficient to warrant
her commitment.
Judge Mogan continued till to
morrow the preliminary examination
of Joseph Smith, who shot and" killed
Joseph HcGoTan about three weeks
ago. The continuance was granted on
motion of District Attorney Byington.
who desired to lead the prosecution in
person and was engaged in another
murder trial in the Superior Court.
Attorney D. J. Murphy, for the de
fense, interposed no objection.
"Katie Synfy!" shouted the bailiff,
and instead of the female person ex
pected to respond there was placed be
fore Judge Conlan a stout and heavily
bearded man of swart complexion.
When asked his name he displayed two
glistening rows of molars and said.
"Katie Synfy." Then it was explained
that he first saw light in Turkey and
since his arrival in San Francisco,
about two years ago, had peddled
fruit and vegetables for a livelihood. It
was for driving his wagon at excessive
speed on Market street, near Second,
that he was arrested by Patrolman
Galloway after he had given that ener
getic policeman a long chase and a
fierce combat.
When the policeman saw the ped
dler whipping his horse while- the ani
mal was approaching a thronged cross
ing: at a high rate of speed he raised
an admonitory club and shouted
"Halt'" But the command was ig
nored and the stped dashed onward.
The officer caught and clung to the
tailboard of the vehicle until he was
enabled to scramble aboard, when he
laid a restraining hand upon the driver
and asrain ordered him to halt. In an
instant the wagon was transformed
into a theater of active conflict. The
policeman pulled the driver backward,
and both fell to the wagon-bed, where
they wrestled amid fruit and vegeta
bles until they were thickly covered
with vari-colored pulp, and the terrible
Turk was finally subdued. It is doubt
ful, however, that Galloway could have
conveyed his prisoner to the Central
station If Patrolman Roach had not
aided him.
"You gave the policeman quite a
fight," said Judge' Conlan to defendant.
"Eef it haf been een my countray I
haf keeled heem," was the reply.-
He will be sentenced to-day.
Sadie "Williams nnd Hattle Mason,
neither of whom is over 17 years of
age and each of whom has a decent
home and a widowed mother, were be
fore Judge Fritz on a charge of way
wardness. He confessed himself at a
loss to decide what he would do with
Plan Your Christmas Trip Xovv.
Agents of the Southern Pacific will sell
round trip tickets at reduced rates for Christ
mas and New. Tears. Tickets sold December
24. 25 and 20 will be good to return until De
cember 27, while tickets sold December 31 and
January 1 will be good to return until January
3. 1905. , ,
The Christmas reason ls the time for family
reunion* and visits to friends and kindred
Take advantage, cf thes* reduced rates an*
make a pleasant trip home. Full information
of any agent, or at city ticket office, 613 Mar
ket street. . . . .1, . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
castorTa
For Infants and Children.
file Kind You Have Always Bought
Boars tho S7m' s/tr7i mm^ mm^* B -
YOUNG MONNIER
ON THE STAND
Yoiing Man Tells of His
Life Up to and After His
Marriage to Violet Henry
WIFE EtfDS TESTIMONY
Testifies in Detail as to
\ Alleged Poisoning and of
Quarrels in the . Family
The counsel for both sides In the
Monnier will contest in Judge
Graham's court yesterday finished
the examination of Violet Monnier, the
wife of George Monnier. the contest
ant. The wife has been on the stand
for the last four days of the trial, and
during that time furnished some highly
sensational testimony. The contestant,
George Monnier, was called to the
stand during the afternoon session and
told of his boyhood and school days,
his meeting with Violet, his marriage
and subsequent separation from her
for various lengths of time. •
•The morning session began with the
resumption of the cross-examination
of Violet Monnier by George D. Col
lins, counsel for the proponents. Col
lins continued his probing into the
marital relations of the witness • with
George Mcnnier, with Attorney Sulli
van for the contestant continually ob
jecting. ,
The witness then* went on to describe
two quarrels that had occurred be
tween her husband herself, during one
of which she drew a revolver to
frighten her husband ,and then at
tempted to take poison. She said that
these quarrels were caused by George's
apparent belief in the scandal she said
Mrs. Monnier Sr. had 'circulated about
her.
Violet Monnier further described In
detail the alleged attempt by Mrs.
Monnier to poison herself and her chil
dren in 1902 and harrowingly described
the agonies of the. children. - Dr. O.
Laist, who was summoned at the time,
.was placed on the stand and testified
that he treated the Monnlers for poi
soning. Under Collins* cross-exam
ination the doctor admitted that the
poisoning might have been caused by
bad food or an unclean copper cooking
utensil.
Violet Monnier again took the stand
and attempted to show that the elder
Monnier had two serious quarrels .with
his wife. The witness- also said that
Monnier had accused his wife of the
theft of some deeds, but was forced to
admit that this was at a time directly
preceding the period of his alleged
insanity. The case will be continued
this morning at 10 o'clock.
Christmas Clocks and Candlesticks.
Get one of our clocks, the quaint golden
ones that every one wants, or a pold
candlestick, jewel case or ink stand for
a nice and not expensive Christmas pres
ent. Open evenings. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. . •
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount- of work incident to
the ; issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC.' '18, NO
D I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will "be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, ' and ' NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after o
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
the case, as the weeping: mothers did
not desire to have their girls Impris
oned and the defendants themselves
did not evince inclination to reform.
They are he!d uptil the Judge can
make up his mind.
Mrs. Camille Corbelli, arrested for
selling a bottle of whisky to a little
boy in her fruitstore at Fillmore and
Bush streets, was fined $20 by Judge
Cabaniss for selling: ■ liquor without a
license and a similar sum bv Judge
Mogan for selling liquor to a minor.
Both fines were paid.
George Smith and Joseph Gazzolo,
boys, \ stole a roll of linoleum from a
Howard-street store last Sunday ana
then tried to sell the stuff to a saloon
keeper at Tenth and Mission streets.
Judge Mogan will hear their defense
to-day. They told Patrolman Tracey
that the linoleum was given to them
by a man astride a black horse.
NEW LIGHTING COMPA.VT.— Articles of
incorporation were filed yesterday by the Con
solidated Heat. Light and Power Company,
with a capital stock of $300,000, of which
$1000 has been subscribed by ea'ch of the
following directors: William Thomas Mark
L Geretle. Robert N\ Prick. Woodley B* Smith
and Louis S. Beedy. •
/3lIM& terms than are obtainable elsewhere
':'/' i '' i g vm is one of the secrets of our success. /Sl
§£~Ilja A stock of 200 to 500 instruments all the.
m—fs time to choose from — a dozen different makes. ||
Si M These advantages in the purchase of a piano ||*||.
m— h make possible for you a most substantial £|g h
ft— M 'saving. Come to. our s'tore; verify these jg—lj
|8~~f| statements. If every one isn't true then we Mjfj
ij&Ja .won't ask you to buy. If they are true. MLJj ..
w3j^ you will be serving your own best in- MfTJS
terests by buying here. Come J*&-3&
KGJHLER & CHASE
- (Established 1850)
Cor. Post and Kearny Streets
Can you find a dollar doing as much in any other Christmas presents you can think of?
'Why worry your life out trying to make the money go around? A few dollars' deposit at the
very most will give you your choice of any Easy Chair, or Dressing Table, Couch, Rocker or Par-
lor Set you may choose. Choose what you like and make your own terms for the payment.
REMEMBER THIS: THE ONLY CHRISTMAS WORTH HAVING IS THE
CHRISTMAS THAT MAKES THE HOME MORE OF A HOME, AND THE HOME
LIFE HAPPIER WHEN THE DAY IS PAST!
"~~HZ ROCKING I I MOHLTUS /w^^^m^
lu tr^rrv V\ A good gift lives a lopg "They are so comfey." What frg^~^~ji£Si?MS
\\ Vjf4> 1 time. A rocking ch.iir will brings more com- jlM^J^^ma
\\ l€l 1 brin S r «t to the fort * han a bi « •
dL-^ SFSWE® wAry— the great- %?. T "\ C - h - a X V \
*m&t*mC-fx\ 1 r wB *? -t^ This chair is of j-1- < j M^s^V^Hc^iS^n^re-"
Uml * flflM " *i,- we " n solid oak, finely M LMSzi^Ww
MlvMB|ffiJ/ give. This rocking grained, reversi-
Cgtfjf^' " r * r ?^ any; saddle seat; only the best \2 || S§S^§§ra Ig3y4£
Jt<s^^3?f^* :: *& very comfortable; grade. $12.00 val- iX^.^^^^^'i^^i^'M \
_J|g|^^Writi PARLOR TABLE
U $5.25 I \ WAS L— I -t- <ta qc
STEAMBOAT MEN
OPPOSE BRIDGE
STOCKTON, Dec. 13.— The steamboat
companies operating between Stockton
and San Francisco will to-morrow pre
sent protests to Colonel Heuer, United
States Engineer on the coast, against
the proposed;M ibridglng-i: of '.Carquinez
Straits by the Southern Pacific-Com
pany. -
The steamboat managers have been
advised that the Sacramento Transpor
tation Company and the California
Transportation Company, both operat
ing on the Sacramento River, will
protest against the bridge as planned.
The local companies protesting are the
California Navigation and Improve
ment Company, which operates twenty
tvfa vessels on the rivers, and the
Union Transportation Company, oper
ating dally steamers between Stockton
and San Francisco. Manager C. D.
Clark of the first-named company went
to San Francisco to-night to present
the company's protest in person.
The Stockton Chamber of Commerce
has taken a strong stand with the
transportation companies and all com
mercial interests will be with the pro
testants. It is asserted that a bridge
other than a suspension construction
will interfere with navigation and
cause a serious rise in the flood plane
of the San Joaquin River, endangering
millions of dollars worth of property
every year. They say that the admit
ted rise of six inches which railroad
engineers say will follow would last
year have flooded the richest section
of San Joaquin low lands.
WILL- EXACT liEXTAIi FOR
STATE XOIIMAIj SCHOOL
Board of Education Serves Notice on
Principal Burk That It Has Use
for the Building.
On and after the first day of July
the State will be compelled to pay
rental for the building now occupied
for the uses of the State Normal
School, on Powell street. A commu*
nication to that effect was sent yes
terday to Professor Burk, principal of
the Normal School, bv the Board of
Education. The building was for-
merly used by the Public Commercial
School, but when it was abandoned
some five years ago it was turned
over to the Normal School authorities
at the nomina^rental of $1 per year.
1 The reason assigned for the exac
tion of a substantial rental for the
building from the State ls that the
Board of Education ls at present pay-
Ing $120 per month for the rental of
the Chinese Primary School, around
the corner from the Normal School.
The board is desirous of discontinuing
the paying of rental for schools in
view of the paucity of Its funds and
wants to eet back the Powell-street
building.' If the State pays rent for
the latter building the same results
will be obtained and the Chines*
school continued in its present loca
tion. The action of . the board, is
timely, in view of the proposed appro
priation of $300,000 for a new State
Normal School by the next Legisla
ture. A similar appropriation was
passed at the last session, but fo>
some reason it failed to obtain the
Governor's signature. The fact that
rent will have to be paid for the build-
Ing to the city may be an incentive
to the passage of the appropriation.
UNITED STATES BRANCH !
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AM) AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LONDON.
ON the 31st day cf December. A. D. 1003.
and fcr the year endinc on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of ths
Etate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com*
missloner.
ASSETS.
Casb Market Value of aU Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $2, 498,910 00
Cash In Company's Office 173 44
Cash In Banks 300.865 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 32,103 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 137,210 03
Dae from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2.649 15
Total Assets .$2.978.911 93
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $86,431 00
Loises In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense -•• 132.130 92
Losses resisted. Including expenses 22.079 00
Gross premiums on Fire Klsks run-
ning one year or less, $1,943,-
432 10- reinsurance 50 per cent. 972.710 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnc more than one year. $1,637.-
216 10* reinsurance pro rata.... 83S.S93 17
Reinsurance Premiums 41.814 23
All other Liabilities 3.404 60
Total Liabilities .$2.113.441 02
INCOME.
Net cash actuaUy received for Fire
premiums ••• ...........$2.4.0.131 .4
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 81.806 83
Profit on tale of Ledger Assets... 16.917 45
Total Income .' . .$2.363.800 04
"EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~*
Net amount paid for "Fire Losses
(Including $475,028 93. losses of
previous years) '.....$1,465,334 43
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage i 492.630 02
Paid for Salaries. Fees and ether
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 166.373 81
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • 74,406 82
All other payments and expendi-
tures 372.733 73
Total Expenditures $2,371,434 SO
Fire. -~~
Losses Incurred during th» year.. .$1.385.162
Risks and Premiums.1 Fire Risks. I Bremlums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year- $306,831,457 $3,883,189 97
Kct amount of Risks
expired during the
year • 415.347.914 4.242.31333
Net amount In force
December 31. 1903. 312.841.443 3.632.673 20
■'^ A. D. IRVING. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn ■ to before me. this
26th day of January. 1904. ■
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 PINE ST., - - San Francisco, Gal.
W. IRVING, General Agent.
R. GALLE69S. Asst. General Agent.
ALBERT M. BENDER, Ciij Agent.
: 317 California St.. San Traaeisco, CaL
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
_____ •
A Box of V
RAMONA
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
Or the
RAMONA DOMINOES.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
EXCEPTIONS FTLED T2S "WATER CASE.
W. B. Tr*adweU. counsel for the Contra. Costa
Water Company, resumed his exceptions t<.
th*- answers to the suit filed by tho company
to restrain .the C1t7 Council of Oakland from
enforcing the new schedule of water rates.
R. M. Fltzgeralft and. William It. Davis r«
pl.Vd for the respondents and United State*
Commissioner Heac<x»k. sitting as a master Jn
chancery, took the case under advisement.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
■3 "-•■...- -*•*:' ■ '« t
OP THE
PELICAN ASSURANCE
COMPANY-;
f\ V NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OP XEW
York, on the 31st day ot .December. A. D.
1903. and for the year ending on that (Say, u
mad* to ths Insurance Commissioner ot th»
State of California, pursuaat to the provision*
of sections 610 and 611 of th* Political Cod\
condensed as per blank furnisaed by tae Com-
missioner.
CAPITAI*.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
to cask C0O.00O 00
ASSETS. ~
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $137,608 53
Cash In Banks 1S.22S 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Siocks and Loans 4.091 09
Premiums in dua Course o* Collee*
tien '. 23.400 13
Dua frcra ctfcer Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 2 73
Total AiseU ft33.32» 70
1JABIUTIE3. ~ ~
losses adjusted and unpaid 9 6.104 00
Losses In orocess of Adjustment or
in Suspense 17.330 43
Losses resisted. Including expenses. . 900 00
Grots Premiums on Fire Risks run-
clns on* year or less. J232.957 10:
reinsurance 50 per cert 118.433 33
Grcss Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $37.-
311 S3: reinsurance pro rata 5I.V.S 43
All other Liabilities .............. 9.3ea 23
Total Liabilities $204,012 **
INCOME. "
NH cash actuaUy received for Tin
Premiums $283,338 03
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 12744 34
Total Incom .$282,330 3d
EXPENDITURES.
Net amesnt paid for Fire- Losses
(lncludins 1^3.833 17. losses o?
previous years) $110,527 31
Paid :r allowed for Commission, or
Brokerage 72.4«3 47
Paid ftr Salaries. Fees a=d other
charres for ofneers. clerks, etc.. 21.733 37
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes - 9.163 7*
All other paytaents and expenditures 1S.034 01
Total Expenditures $262.973 00
Firs.
Losses Incurred iuiiz^ the year $143,704 OS
Rl»ka and Premiums. Flra Risks. [ Premiums.
Net amount ot Risks
J2?*!;*^.!?? $M.«l«3 WOS.OWCT
Net amount of Risks
*!»£%£? g'gg tt.g«-«3« 3S0.27S63
" A. D. IRVINO. President.
LCC1S P. BAYARD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thla
27ta day of • January. 1004.
. GEO. a RCGER. Notary Puollo.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 PINE STREET,
SAX FKAACISCO. CAX.
W. IRYW5, General Agent.
R. GHLEG93, Assistant Bonn] l£sal
78
THESAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHX D. SPRECKEXS : • Proprietor
AE.DRD53 ALL COMHCNICATIOX3 TO
JOHN McXACGHT Manager
FCBLXCATIOW OmCB THIKD AXD 14ABXET 6TKEETS. 8AJ* FRAXCI3CO
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER M. 1904
THE FOREST BILL.
THE new forest bill, drawn by. the members of the Federal Bureau
of Forestry in conference with members of the Waters and For
ests Society, has some features that suggest discussion. The for- 1
estry affairs of the State are properly to be in charge of a'chief for- .
ester, who is to be nominated by the Federal Bureau of Forestry and |
appointed by the Governor. Yet this position is to be a State office, •
paid by the State.
We question the constitutionality of a provision which restricts j
the eligibility of a citizen to office by inviting a nominating power \
foreign to the State. It is also of questionable constitutionality be-!
cause it is a limitation upon the appointing power of the Governor. ;
If the nominating power choose not to act, the State has no power j
to compel a nomination, and the appointing power of the Governor :
is destroyed, although the office is a State office and its necessity is f
certified by its creation. Of course the purpose i3 laudable, to se- ;
cure co-operation between the State and Federal authorities. But ex- ;
pediency and laudability do not make a proposition constitutional, •
and this matter needs to be investigated, since the proposed law j
will require large expenditures and the State Controller would with- |
hold his warrant if there be any doubt about it.
The law proposes to confer . certain powers upon the forest I
guards. They are made semi-judicial officers, with power to make ar-#
rests and issue some forms of writ. They are also empowered to \
enter the public schools and there by teaching and other means to j
inculcate a knowledge of forestry and to promote the same through ;
the public press. Here again it may be that the law will conflict
with existing laws. For instance, the school laws and regulations I
provide a course of study for the schools, and it would not be com- ;
petent for an officer, unconnected with the educational department \
of the State, to interrupt the regular course of study.
It is provided that when the forest is on fire the forester may
issue a requisition in the nature of a subpena upon citizens to bring \
them into service as fire fighters, their compensation being 20 cent3 j
per hour. This well intended provision will be found to work badly ■
in practice. The woods are full of people who will highly esteem ;
that sort of sen-ice at that rate of compensation, and there will be .
no lack of forest fires. In a terrible forest fire not far from San j
Francisco fire fighters were paid $10 per day by property owners |
whose homes were imperiled. The next year fires arrived in the
same region on time and the same high pay was exacted. Then
the people eaw that they had put a premium upon forest arson, and
they refused to employ anybody and fought the fire with volunteers |
or let it burn out. Since then there have been fewer fires in that j
section.
It will not be wise to pay a sure salary for fire fighting. Such
a policy will burn up the State. Corporations understand the ten
dency of a policy that offers a rich reward for detection of an of
fense. The man that wants the reward will see that the offense is
committed. So corporations are now abandoning the policy of offer
ing standing rewards for anything. When a man has really de
tected an intended crime, such as derailing a train or sawing a
bridge, he*is always rewarded well but privately, lest publication of
it tempt others to create the reason for such reward and then claim
it themselves. All woodsmen know that if forest fires offer sure and
well paid employment there will always be forest fires, set by those
who want the employment and the pay. Not many years' ago the
Yosemite Commission found this very thing done in the Mariposa
Big Tree Grove, It will be unwise therefore to make such provision
in the law.
The bill should be as simple as possible, and be drawn rather
with the view of beginning a system of forest projection, to be per
fected and extended as experience is gained. A ponderous* and costly
plan, while perhaps excellent in the end, is not good in the beginning
of a new public policy. We should dislike to see the bill break down
of its too great weight, and advise that simplicity, directness and
efficiency be studied in drawing it.
IMMIGRATION AND ITS EVILS.
r T**HERE is probably no section of the nation, certainly no in-
I dustrial section, that does not feej the question of immigration
to be one demanding very special legislative consideration. The
aece&sary action would certainly not be for long delayed if there was
any adequate and general realization of the extent to which the
gates of the republic are choked day and night by the army of new
arrivals.
Every rational mind will of course agree with the President
when he says that there is no danger of having too many immi
grants of the right kind. So long as human nature remains what it
is there is no fear of any such superfluity. The country was built up
by immigration and there is always room and a welcome for energy,
for intelligence and for character. America is the last country in the
world to undervalue such qualities as these, or to turn them from
her doors. We are, however, confronted with the fact that the na
ture of the immigration has radically changed. In the early days
the European immigrant was usually the man of enterprise, of cour
age and of resource, who left his own country the poorer for his
loss, and who enriched the land of his adoption by his labor and by
his thrift. In some instances that is of cpurse still the case, but the
reverse is onlv too often the fact.
A very large proportion of those who come to America from the
countries of Europe confer, by their departure, a benefit upon their
native land. License is their only conception of liberty and they
transfer to their new homes all those unenviable characteristics
which they have neither the will nor the inclination to change. They
do not come as guests, nor as those who worthily seek for a new
home, but rather as an invading army entering the country for the
purpose of possessing it. They know little of free institutions and
they care less, preferring to herd together in their own communities
where they may preserve the most undesirable features of their for
mer life, and where they will be entirely free from the contagion of
cleanliness, sanitation or social and political progress.*
How far this state of things constitutes an increasing menace
to American integrity must be left for executive decision, which
alone can check the human flood, which is no longer composed of the
enterprising and the frugal, but rather of those who do not promise
to be more ornamental to the country of their choice than they
have been to the countries of their origin. That the President has
included in his message a matter of such vital import will be a mat
ter for widespread congratulation. Under no circumstances can we
allow the prevailing standard of life to be lowered, nor the present
level of citizenship to be degraded. Remedial measures must be
found and we need not doubt that they will be found. Undesirable
immigrants must be returned in larger numbers, the qualifications
for admission must be raised, and it may eventually be found ad
visable to enlist the aid of the American consular service in order
that the embarcation of undesirables may be hindered. Fraudulent
naturalization is the direct outcome of indiscriminate immigration
and they would disappear together. \,:\ «
The President points out that, according to the constitution, it
is in the power of Congress "to establish a uniform rule of natural
ization," and this being so there should be no delay in the matter.
That conditions of naturalization should vary in different States and
that even the certificates should differ in wording and appearance
is not consonant with national unity or national dignity, and we can
hardly wonder that such documents should be viewed with distrust
in foreign countries. Evidences of American citizenship should be
like Caesar's wife — above suspicion. -
Even Boston draws tlje color line somewhere. The * tenants of a high
priced apartment house in the Back Bay are in high dudgeon because a
colored woman has secured a lease of one of the flats. One of them goes so
far as to protest that her admission constitutes "one of the greatest outrages
that any Boetonian has had to stand for." What more could ; even • Charles
ton eay? — Providence Journal. : T ■'■ - '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY^ DECEMBER 14, 1904.
WHEN DORCAS JOURNEYED
, , ¥ DO hope the cars won't run
• • I off the track," said Betty Syl-
I Vester, as she put the finishing
touches to her sister's cos
tufne and tnen stood back and
'studied the effect critically. "It's
; an audacious flying in ' the face
iof providence to go switching off
■ behind one of them engines that
ain't like nothing human nor divine.
! But here's your aunt Beulaii down
i sick In bed and writing to us, and, the
I land knows, I can't go. with all the
I farm and cows and cooking, and three
' hired men here; and they do say
she's got a splendid house, with car
pets and bathroom and alL and we're
; the only kin. There, I think that will
! do. Yes. It's a shame we've never
; been to see her, and Ehe being there
twenty years, an! the last five all by
herself. - But It's a hundred miles,
and It stands to reason we couldn't go
In a wagon, and I won't be switched
across the land by one of them snort
ing railroad things that hasn't been
I In the neighborhood scarcely a year,
and folks still jumping just to hear
them. Yes. that will do," and step
ping forward quickly she dabbed a
little kiss upon her sister's ear. "Now
good-by. Be sure and write soon's
you get there, and don't be set up by
the Sne things in Aunt Beulah's house.
I do hope nothing will happen. But
young folks like to travel round and
see thin§rs- You'll likely have a real
good time, and it's a shame Aunt Beu*
Iah's at death's door and I never been
to see her. But there! I must run
back or the sweet pickle will plumb
spoil on the stove. You look real
'pretty, Dorcas." And with this invol
untary compliment Betty Sylvester
hurried toward the kit- -;n. leaving
Dorcas blushing and irightened —
blushing at the unusual compliment
and frightened at the prospect of her
first journey on the cars.
For a number of years Dorcas had
had a suitor. At first he had confined
his attention to stolen glances across
the fields and across the church, and
on rare occasions, when his manhood
had asserted itself, to elaborate toilet
and a half hour's leaning against the
Sylvester front fence, admiring Dor
cas' posies and talking crops. Later
he had .braved the front gate, gener
ally with a straw in his mouth, to Bit
on the steps for an hour in the gloam
ing talking with Betty, but looking at
Dorcas. On cold evenings the hour had
been passed in the cozy sitting-room,
playing checkers and popping corn.
Not a word of love had been spoken,
but it was understood in the house,
and in the whole neighborhood, that
John Baldwin waj, waiting on Dorcas
Sylvester, and that some time in the
future, as they should determine, the
two good old country families and the
two well-tilled farms would be united
— provided, of course, John Baldwin's
diffidence ever allowed him to get that
far. it
As she ran lightly down the steps to
the farm ■wagon Dorcas gave 'one
quick, shy glance up the slope to where
the big Baldwin house stood half hid
den by Ita towering elms. Yes, there
was John's buggy standing in the road
before the house, and bis fast horse
could reach the.etation in one-half the
time they could make with the farm
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A pretty morning jvrap per of mingled gray and red silk,
trimmed with bands of. red velvet ribbon* Bows of gray satin
ribbon adorn tlie front and cuffs. |
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
TWO COUNTIES— S., City. The area
of . Tuiare County, California, is 4935
square miles, according to the Califor
nia Blue Book. t That of-Santa Barbara
County is 2450 square miles. The area
of Rhode Island is but 1230 sauare
miles.
SONG BIRD— E. M. C, City. If you
have a canary bird that was a fine "sing
er but suddenly stopped singing, it - is
probable that the bird has been spoiled
or diseased In Its 'song by improper
food. You should take the animal to a
bird fancier.
CONTRACT MARRIAGES— M. M.
M., Alameda, Cal. Contract marriages
are no : longer recognized • in '•■ California.
As ; to the merlts-of the /particular, case
given In ■ letter; in inquiry i this depart -
BY FRANK H. SWEET.
wagon and old Charlie- Besides, Betty
had thought the hired man might as
well kill two birds with one stone: so
he was taking a load of produce along.
which he would peddle after leaving
Dorcas at tk e station. As she cllmbea
up beside Jethro — who did not offer or
dream of offering assistance — Dorcas
thought how much easier it would be
in John's spring buggy than in this
He was beside the carriage
when it stopped and helped her
out.
heavy wagon, which Jolted and rum
bled over the rough country roads.
But still she felt very happy. Although
neither she nor John had thought of
6uch an audacious thing as his offering
to act as escort, yet the presence of
the bug^y meant that he intended to
keep somewhere in her vicinity, to
have an oversight of her safety — per
haps he would even go on the train,
riding In one of the adjoining cars.
As the load of produce included eggs
and milk, progress would be slow, and
they had arranged for an early start;
but before half the distance had been
traveled they heard the sharp whirr
of John's approaching buggy wheels.
.As he flashed by he was bending over
In ostentatious search of something un
der the seat, but he gave her a bashful
side glance which plainly said: "Don't
be uneasy. Dorcas; I'll see that things
go right."
By the time he straightened up he
was disappearing' round a bend in the
road. But the glance had sent a soft
color to her face, which lingered there
through the long, rough ride, until
finally she was aroused by a gruff:
"Jerusalem! Whoa, there, Charlie!"
They were at the Junction of two
roent cannot say, as the answer. would
have to be in the nature of legal ad
vice, which this department does not
give. BHBHBbsIMBBB
A METRONOME— Subscriber, Oak
land, Cal. The object of .the metro
nome is to ascertain how 'many min
utes, crochets, etc.,. of a given piece of
music are to be performed In one min
ute. .The numbers on the scale have
reference to a 'minute of ;. time. L *.,
when : the weight is placed at 50 ; it
means that there will be fifty beats
or ticks of the instrument in each min
ute. The rate at which «any given
piece- of music is to be played Is thu 8
easily found when the metronome mark
is f placea by the composer at ■ the ' be
ginning. .
roads; one led up to the station a
quarter of a mile away, the other went
on to the village two or three times
that distance. Jethro was looking at
"What Is it T' she asked.
"Why— why— do - you reckon you
could walk up to the depot?" per
suasively. '"Taln't but a step. You
I see," apologetically, as he noted the
I surprise on her face, "Ben Pokey's
j wagon's Just turning the corner down
j yonder, and If he gets in town ahead
I of me he sells his stuff, and If I get
I in ahead cf him I sell my stuff; and if
I 1 eell my stuff, like Miss Betty count*
j on. why, she ain't going to fuss at me I
much. See? Of course, I'm here to j
take you to the depot, and will now,:
if you say the word; but it's bound to j
put me in behind Ben. And 'taln't but j
a step."
"Oh, I'll walk, Jethro," laughed
Dorcas; and, placing a hand upon the '
! end of the seat, she sprang lightly to ;
the ground. "And you needn't tell;
Betty, either." . ■ |
It was a very dainty figure that went :
up the road toward the station; and ;
though she did not know it, the rich, ;
soft goods In her frock, taken from the
old chest In the garret, had again come
into fashion. . j
A whistle sounded in the distance,;
and Dorcas uttered a low cry of dls- \
may. The train was approaching, and ■
she had thought there was plenty of ■
lime. Could she make It by running? \
But a swift glance toward the station j
checked the impulse even as she sprang j
forward. The station was still an i
eighth of a mile away, and she could \
see several carriages driving up to it j
and people standing on the platform, j
What a spectacle it would be for them ■
to see a woman racing with the train! i
Besides, she could not hope to reach it j
In time. Jethro—
There was the swift approach of !
carriage wheels, a pair of splendid bays {
stopped be«ide her, and she looked up \
into the reassuring face of a young j
drummer who was selling mowing ma
chines in the neighborhood. Before she j
was aware of his intention he had •
sprung to the ground and lifted her \
into the carriage and they were whirl- j
ing away, with a long, circling cloud of |
dust trailing behind.
"Don't you worry, young lady." the;
drummer shouted cheerily; "I'll get j
you there all right." »
What John Baldwin's feelings were
as he stood on the platform watching!
none but himself ever knew. He saw j
Jethro stop and Dorcas get out; then )
he heard the train whistle and he saw ■
her start to run. and realized that his |
place was down there on the dusty j
road by her side instead of with the ;
curious t people at the station. "When !
the drummer stopped and took her In >
the young farmer's face grew hard and I
set. with a firmness his lips had never
known before.
He was beside her carriage when it
stopped and helped her out; then
quietly and, authoritatively, with alt
the spectators looking on, he drew her
arm within his own.
"Come. Dorcas," he said, "we must
harry to catch the train. I'll get the
tickets. Yes," in answer to her won
dering expression, "I'm going right on
with you to where your aunt llves^ — sit
in the name seat, too, to keep off
drummers and things. And I shall
stay around to come back with you
when the visit is over. Come on!"
(Copyright, 19<M. by Frank H. Sweet.7
SUNDAY IN TOWN
THE sun Is misty yellow and the sky
Is hazy blue,
A nil the chime-bells -ring out
quaintly.
Near and deeply, fair and faintly.
Each one following Its fellow In an echo
clear and true.
Through the streets, clean-swept for
leisure.
Many feet make haste toward pleasure.
And the sound Is as the rustling of the
leaves In paths we knew.
How I wish I were a-walklng in the
autumn woods with you!
Oh. the fragrance of the hollows that the
little brooks ran through!
Oh. the scarlet maples burning
Like a torch at every turn In g.
On the way my spirit follows In a
dream forever new —
"Where from the quiet, distant
meadows.
Dim beneath the mountains' shadows.
Came the clank of swinging cow-bells
down the softest wind that blew.
Oh. I wish I were a-walklng in the au
tumn woods with you!
We have had our fill of roving where
spring blossoms bound the view.
We have played in your Romances,
Danced the nymph-and-shepherd
dances ;-
Now the summer of our loving glows
and throbs about us. too.
In our eye the light yet vernal.
In our hearts the fire eternal.
And when time has touched the branches
and our rose-leaf days are few.
Oh. it's then Td still be walking In life's
autumn woods with you. i
— Caroline Duer. In Scrlbner's.
A SPINSTER'S
REFLECTIONS
It's awfully insulting when a car gets
so crowded that a man can't conveni
ently read his paper, and has got to see
that ladles are standing.
During the honeymoon a woman tries
to make people think she's been mar
ried a long time. Afterward she wishes
her husband would act like a real
brand-new, attentive groom.
, There would be few marriages if girls
believed that they were not going to
have any better luck than their friends
in the selection of husbands.
Writing a love letter makes some
people feel as foolish as falling up
stairs when there's some one to see the
mishap.
HOME COOKERY.
Lyonnaise Potatoes.— Fry a rounding
tablespoon of chopped onion in a
rounding tablespoon of butter until yel
low. Sprinkle two cups of cold boiled
potato, cut In dice, with a level tea
spoon of salt and a saltspoon of pepper.
Turn Into the frying-pan with the but
ter and ; onion and cook until the po
tatoes have taken up all the butter.
Stir In a tablespoon of chopped parsley
and serve.
, Cream Fruit Pudding.— Dissolve one
quarter box. of, gelatin . in one-quarter
cup of cold "; water. Mix two cups of
thick cream with -two cups of thin
cream and beat light, add the gelatin, a
tablespoon of vanilla, . and one cup of
powdered sugar. Beat well together.
Mix one cup of the best sultana raisins,
one cup of fine-cut citron, and one
cup of. currants. Put a layer of cream
THE SMART SET
BY SALLY SHARP.
; Preparations fcr Miss Elsie CllZord'9
■ "coming out" party oa Friday evening
axe very elaborate and the affair, a
• cotillon, is to be also a Christmas
} party.
The Arts and Crafts building on Pre
; sidio avenue will be' the scene of fes
l tlvity, and a more delightful haH for
5 danctng and myrijuTfr^g could not b*
f Imagined. It will be garlanded and
trimmed lavishly with the bright boDy ;
j berries and their leaves. Imparting the j
j real Christmas and holiday atxnos
! pbere.
Nearly a hundred yoong people have
I been bidden and the cotillon will de
| velop some beautiful and original fig- J
urea. In the first set. led by itixs Clif
ford and Lieutenant Pratt, axe to be
Miss Maude Payne. Miss Carol Moore.
Miss Malsie Langhoroe. Miss Elsa
Draper, Miss Edna Darls. Miss Sybil
Hodges, Mif5 Irene Sabln. Miss Ruth
Houghton. Mtuw Tsabel Brewer. Miss I
Ursula Stone. Miss Evelyn Clifford.
Miss Charlotte "Wilson. Miss Margaret
Hyde-Smith. Lieutenant Rockwell.
Lieutenant Banna. Lieutenant Ander
son, lieutenant Claud, Lieutenant
Robinson. Lieutenant Chandler. Bld
ney Salisbury. Herbert Jones, Harvey
Hunt. Arthur Fennlmore. Maxwell MI2
tonj Frank Brown. Du Val Moore.
Courtney Ford, James Cameron. Sher
rill Echell, Richard Hammond. William
Goldsborough. Hewitt Davenport. Two
Christmas trees, upon which wlQ be
hung favors, will be encircled by the
dancers, winding, unwinding, graceful
ly, Intricately, creating a figure of
beautiful, undulating motions. As the
dancers approach the tree in turn are
the favors taken off. This occasion
will surely be a fairyland picture with
its brightness of flowers, faces, gowns
and brilliantly festooned Christmas
trees and a party to rouse the highest
enthusiasm of youthful spirits.
Miss Evelyn Clifford Is not yet out
of school, attending, as did her sister.
the Irving Institute, but she will be a
participant on this memorable evening.
• • •
Miss Rcth Powers was formally pre
sented to socletyVesterday by her pa
rents. Dr. and Mrs. George Herman
Powers. A tea from 5 to 7 brought
many friends to welcome and congrat
ulate the young debutante. Miss
Powers Is a well-trained musician
and this has brought her somewhat
before the public previous to yester
day's happy occasion. The tea was
followed by a charming dinner given to
the receiving party and an equal num
ber of men.
• • •
Animation ' fairly bubble, burst
and overflow ~ week. Beginning
with the 21st, t;:e charity ball win en
tice the humane and tender-hearted for
the sake of those many homeless ba-
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIEE
NOT UP-TO-DATE.
Beggar— I used ter do a good busi
ness, lady, but there's nothin* In my
line now.
Lady — What was your line?
Beggar— I was a Cuban War victim.
WHAT THE BABY DTD.
"Where's your little brother to-day,
Johnnie T*
"Why, he swallowed two spoons, and
now he cant stir.**
Keeps » tho Umbrella STju t.
Every one knows the annoyance of
one's umbrella refusing to stay prop
erly closed, but few of us think of buy
ing an umbrella ring, though It costs
but 5 cents. This sturdy piece of rub
ber slipped over the top of the ribs
holds them close to the handle and
helps wonderfully to keep the umbrella
in good shape.
in the mold, then a layer of the fruit,
and repeat until the mold is filled. 'Set
in the ice chest to become firm enough
to unm***"* -^SttQrfiSSMHSBSXSaBSB
Mes, Tb* Friday STigit Club. tmS-r
th« rtClfuJ r=ii*2c« of Edward 1L
Green way. win brla? erst the pretty
rrttWr, teHcs and matrons, with aU ti»
avatlaM* dancing men. Then the As
sembly, for the 27th. tm another wooer
for the drrotees cf Terpsichore. What
happy tteea t» lock fsrward to! And.
again, all th« fasierreslr*; pleasures cf
luncbecns. dinners aad tea*, secondary
never, bet' for th« cosrtnff ten days
they nrcst give terspcrarCy full iray
to these **b!*~ affairs which win Cow
and ebb with the yu!e-tld*.
Miss Eleansr Hab«er win r£rt an
evening of monologise* ta-niomw
(Thursday) rn the St. Francis ball
room at f o'clock. The fcnowtag
patrons and patronesses are supervis
ing the entertainment: Mrs. Eleanor
Martin. Mrs. M. H. de Yccng. lira.
Richard Tobtn. Mrs. Lwn El-sea. Mrx
Bertha LJUenthal. Dr. and Mrs. S. 3.
Kwhn. Mr. and Mrs. Xorris K'-g Da
vis. Mr. and Mrs. A. Stern. Mr. and
Mrs. Mark Gerstle. James D. Fh-Ias.
Mrs. John L Sabln and Miss S*z»
Babln held their second "at &?=•"•
yesterday, receiving: thro-=gi ti.* ziz
ernoon a large number d i-_r. v.-n.
Miss Anna Stnnjsky wCJ ••rtcrrr *n
fore tho Forum Club ten-dry «t5 ■*"/3TT
11am Morris. Artist, P&e*.
The subject, of Interest is ftaeiS, *rn
be magnified by the «r-»-»v*--_ *vSrs> t»
one of the most graceful. t\aj asaC <2»-
Ilghtful woman lecturers y*: f5rxa:3
before the clubs of this city.
The engagement cf Miss B7?.lrr=^a
and Lieutenant McMillan Is create: %
rapidly more affairs on the social ta^is.
To-day a dinner •will be given In ts^r
of the newly betrothed pair by Mr.
and Mrs. Robert Greers. Uauterar.t
and Mrs. Perry of th* Presidio wO en
tertain, also at dinner. Miss Blakemaa
and Lieutenant McMillan en Friday.
Mrs. C. Frederick Kohl •nt«rtained
at a large tea jesterday afternoon at
the Palace.
• • •
Mm*. Caro Roma will gtre an in
formal tea and mnsicale on Thursday
afternoon (to-morrow) at her home on
Devlsadero street.
The charity ball, which win take
place at the St. Francis oa Decembe*
21. promises to be a well-attended and
fashionable aCalr. As It is for the ben
efit of th« San Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children, the charity Is ona
that appeals to ths hearts of alL
Mr. and Jin. Jayson Gould (Daisy
Burns) are la their new horns oa De
vlsadero street, and will receive ca
third Fridays.
HE KNEW.
Tattered Ted— When I was ta Locdoa
I appeared at court.
Frayed Fagon— Drunk and disorder
ly, or disturbing the peac*?
THOSE OFFICE BOYS.
Office Boy— Th« boss Is gettln* ab
sent-minded.
The Stenographer— How do you
know? \
Office Boy— He borrowed the book
keeper's knife yesterday and handed It
back before he thought.
Odd Effect of "Short Circuit.'*
By means of an accidental short elr
cult In one of the Junction boxes In an
electric train in Melbourne. Australia,
an alarm was sent in to every flr« de
partment station and 1500 calls wero
received at the same Instant rn th*
head telephone office.
Townsend*s California Glaca 'fruits la
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied dally ta
business houses and pubUo men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), SO QU-
Xoraia atrMt. T«l«poon« Mala 1 Jii» «ADVERTISEMENTS.
E"V* JL «s » 1_# jt yf
u Purchase
j Of 25c or Over
I We Will Give
I "Peanvt FlaKc"
| Candy FREE
*C A > • • *T^ i—f T^> m •
I IMo- Percentage
! DRUG CO.,
f 949-95! Market St.,
t > The X»arre8t Cut-Kate Drtur
f t Store oa. tJie Coast.
Ea Everytiiinsr sit Cut KatMU-
\ \ Ask Clerka for What "We Give
si Away Every Say. .
* *
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
RAMONA
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
Or the
RAMONA DOMINOES.
Free With Every Small Ad In
Sunday CalL
Sec Small Ad Page for Further •
Particulars.
NAN PATTERSON
FACES WITNESS
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— A dramatic
situation developed to-day in the crimi
nal branch of the Supreme Court when
"Nan" Patterson, on trial before Jus
tice Vernon M. Davis for the murdw
of Caesar Young, stood up in the
courtroom and faced Pawnbroker
Hyman Stem, the man who sold the
revolver with which Young was killed.
Stern was unable to identify the pris
oner as the woman who accompanied
the man to whom he sold the revolver.
He was not certain whether this man
had a smooth face or wore a mus
tache. He was not asked to identify
the photograph of J. Morgan Smith.
Police Captain Sweeney was re
called and identified the photograph.
He said that he saw Smith on June 8
last and gave him a Grand Jury sub
pena. Objection was made to the In
troduction as evidence of a copy of a
cubpena served by the witness, and
the Jury was excused while Justice
Davis listened to argument of counsel.
Rand Informed the court that the
theory of the prosecution was that
Emith and his wife were co-conspira
tors against Young, although they had
not planned to kill him.
The prosecutor further said he was
prepared to prove that Smith and his
wife, with the active connivance of
the defendant's father and also with
the connivance of the defendant's law
yers, had fled to parts unknown.
"When I say the . defendant's coun
sel." continued Rand, "I do not mean
you, Mr. Levy."
Justice Davis reserved decision on
the question raised.
Much of the testimony to-day was
given by experts as to the result of
their examination of skin taken from
Young'* fingers. Dr. Ernest J.
Lederle said that a microscopic ex
amination of the bits of skin , had
failed to discover traces of powder.
Dr. Charles P. Phelps said the direc
tion of the bullet that killed Young
fced been from left to right and that
the revolver was held from three to
five inches from the bodv when the
fchot was fired. •"-.,•;
STOPS DEPOSIT OP OIL
DRIPPINGS FROM MOBILES
Ordinance Recommended j Requires
Attachment of Device to Catch
Leaks From Machines.
The Supervisors' Joint Street and
Electricity committee yesterday rec
ommended a proposed ordinance pro
hibiting the deposit of oil drippings
on the public streets from automo
bile*, whether in motion or not. Tes
timony was adduced that the oil ac
cumulates in pools on certain streets,
especially on the block on Golden
Gate avenue, between Scott and De
v'sadero. streets, making It impossible
for horses to keep their footing. The
committee thougtu some device should
be placed on automobiles to catch the
drippings, it being suggested that a
pan or leather boot be used. The at
torney for automobile dealers object
ed to compelling the use of any par
ticular device, as it would not entire
ly stop the dripping when the automo
bile is in motion. The committee
thought the device would do away
v<ith most of the nuisance complained
of and added a new section to the or
dinance requiring a suitable device to
be attached to automobiles for the
purpose of preventing leaks.
Wallace Wants to Die.
Alexander Wallace, who lives at 920
Illinois street, tried to forfeit his life
yesterday while under the Influence of
liquor by means of a pocket knife
with which he slashed his left wrist
end left leg, intending to commit sui
cide. This is Wallace's second at
tempt &t suicide.
WOULD UPROOT
NEW BILLETS
Merchants' Association At
torneys Make Attack on
Health Board's Appointees
TRY TO VACATE PLACES
Counselor Ruef Strongly
Contends That There Are
No Grounds for the Action
Argument was begun before Judge
Sloss yesterday morning on the suit of
J. E. Qulnn, backed by the Merchants'
Association, for an injunction pre
venting: Auditor Baehr from paying
the salaries of Deputy Health Officer
Louis Levy and Inspecting Physicians
Goodale, Hannah, Walsh and Glover.
The argument was opened by Abe
Ruef. representing the employes of
the Health Department. He wu fol
lowed by H. Wright and Franklin K.
Lane, representing the opposition. At
the hour of adjournment Lane had
not concluded his argument. It will
be resumed to-morrow morning.
Ruef contended that the men ap
pointed by the new Board of Health
last January were not employes, but
under the State constitution were of
ficers, and as such could not be placed
under the classified civil service list.
Wright and Lane, on the other hand,
attempted to show that these men
were appointed to take the place of
employes, did the duties of employes
and should accordingly have been se
lected from the civil service eligible
list. They further sought to show
that the appointments had not been
made in good faith, quoting from the
testimony given in court and before
the Supervisors to show that the
members of the board knew neither
the men they were discharging nor
those they were employing.
Ruef contended that the inspecting
physicians, by reason of their being
appointed as physicians, their medical
knowledge and the peculiar work re
quired of them by the Board of
Health, were exempt from civil ser
vice, as the charter expressly provides
for such exemption. He also showed
that the Civil Service .Commission
took this view, as it approved the ap
pointment of Drs. Glover, Goodale,
Hannah and Walsh.
LEVY'S STREXUOUS WORK.
He presented figures to show that
previously there had been six sanitary
inspectors, and this number was cut
down to four for the sake of effi
ciency and economy; also that the
appointment of Deputy Health Officer
Louis Levy effected a saving of ' su
pernu. 3rary salaries of $6300, and
that the city had been by the change
saved Jld.OOO a year, the deputy
health officer having taken the place
of five men, and, further, when the
Supervisors made out the last budget
it had by reason of this saving with
held that sum from the Health De
partment.
Mr. Ruef argued that there was no
charge made that the Civil Service
Commission was corrupt or had con
spired, and since it was not made the
court must be bound by its action, as
it was a quasi-judicial body estab
lished by the charter.
Attorney Wright quoted the char
ter to show that the Civil Service
Commissioners and they alone have
the right to classify places. If this is
not the case, he said, you might just
as well cut out the portion of the
charter relating to civil service, as any
department may establish unusual
qualifications for an office in order
that a favorite will get the appoint
ment. On this line he used as an in
stance the position of Deputy Health
Officer, which was created almost a
year ago. but for which no examina
tion has ever been held.
RUEF»S PLEA ASSAILED.
So far as Levy was concerned
Wright stated flatly that he was not
performing the multiferious duties
which it was said he would perform
when the appointment was made, that
he was nothing more nor less than the
secretary of the board, and as such
should have been appointed from the
civil service eligible list. •
Franklin K. Lane opened his argu
ment by contesting the right of any
board to specify the qualifications of
those to be employed by it. "This
Board of Health," he said, "created
new places before it knew what the
duties of the men they were employing
would be. One of its members had
been appointed but a few hours be
fore he Introduced' the resolution dis
charging certain men and appointing
others, giving new names to the posi
tions. Let the board hold a competi-
' . ADVERTISEMENTS. ■ > ' ■ ■
Ynii Must I : _- You Need
iuu iiiu%i n w 4% *v y ti 1 *^4 tjf tj t v ti iuu iiuuu
feei i it You reel as You Look Your
Prettv 1 > Liver
3 u It is time you took yourself in hand and gave Nature that aid which everyone else sees
Belt! p vou nee d* Appearances generally indicate the condition, and it tells on you if you R6RUl3t8Cl
| have Insomnia, Indigestion, Constipation, Biliousness, Torpid Liver, Kidney Trouble
■jjufiMLawiu^sjMBqefl or ao upset stomach. If you have any of these BHflaflHnBMBSHj
p them in hand, as such troubles are absolutely unnecessary, as Beecham's Pills will cure them. If you are a |
| woman you will find a wonderful boon in Beecham's Pills, and a wonderful help. English women universally use ||
I them; their whole families use ' . ||
f] For over fifty years these pills have been before the public, and the sales are now greater than ever before, and |
& greater than any other medicine. It proves that Beecham's Pills do all and more than is, claimed for them, and proves h
| that they are the best medicine in the world. It will show you if you take them that your entire system/vill improve and |
I You will look well, yoM will feel well, and |
1 V£!*i!sL hm ' '" B ° ies you will befell 9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1904.
GEORGE STONE
COMPLIMENTED
Chairman of the Republican
State Committee Greeted
by Friends and Neighbors
REVIEW OF CAMPAIGN
Delegation From Forty-First
Assembly District Presents
Appropriate Resolutions
A delegation of leading citizens of the
Forty-first Assembly District waited
on General George Stone last evening
at headquarters of the Republican
State Committee, Palaoe Hotel, and
testified appreciation of the manner in
which he conducted the fecent political
campaign in California. The expres
sion was conveyed in the form of en
grossed resolutions reading as follows I
Whereas. The recent Presidential election re
sulted In en overwhelming victory for Re
publican principles and Republican candidates;
and .
Whereas, These happy results ar* largely
attributable to the splendid generalship and
ths unremitting labor of our friend and neigh
bor, the chairman of the State Central Com
mittee, General George Stone; and
Whereas, His conduct of our recent cam
paign in the State of California, his loyalty
and devotion to the cause of the Republican
party, his eminent qualifications for leadership
and his strong and amiable personality have
endeared him to all; now, therefore, be it
Resolved, That we citizens of the Forty
first Assembly District and delegates to the
late local Republican Convention from his
home district hereby express our high ap
preciation, of and deep Bensa of cratltudo to
our honored leader. General George Stone.
The' engrossed copy bears the signa
tures of J. C. Currier, Norrls Davis,
W. C. Van Fleet, Charles L. Barsotti,
A. K. Daggett, E. J. Pringle, Nathan
C. Coghlan, Henry C. Dibble, Charles
A. Son. George H. Walker, William
Barton, M. Josephson, Woodley B.
Smith, L. S. Beedy, Ed Altredge and
Phil Anspacher.
Colonel John C. Currier presented the
testimonial on behalf of the delegation
In brief and fitting style. General
Stone acknowledged the compliment in
a modest fashion, giving the honors of
.victory to the Republican workers
throughout the State.
E. J. Pringle, one of the well-known
Republican leaders of the Forty-first,
and Nathan C. Coghlan, who was re
cently chosen to represent the district
in the Assembly, were called on for
remarks and each responded In a man
ner that evoked applause.
Lectnre 01/ Christian Science.
Bicknell Young, C. S. B., of Chica
go, a member of the Christian Sci
ence board of lectureship of the First
Church of Christ, Scientist, in Bos
ton, Mass., will deliver a free lecture
on Christian Science in the Alham
bra Theater Saturday, evening at 8:15
o'clock. The lecture is given under
the auspices of the First Church of
Christ, Scientist, of this city, and ar
rangements have been made to issue
tickets which will reserve seats until
8 o'clock on the night of the lecture.
These tickets may be obtained free of
charge at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s De
cember 15, 16 and 17.
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
v EARLY.
tive examination, as the charter says,
and give all an equal opportunity.
"Acting as the Health Board did,
the Board of Public Works mij^ht re
quire aJl street inspectors to be sten
ographers and all side-sewer inspect
ors to be civil engineers. This scheme
would break down civil service en
tirely, and if perpetuated there would
not be a civil service man remaining
in the municipal employ."
In reviewing the work "of the in
specting physicians, Lane said they
did little but tack up signs in re»
sponse to telephone calls, and that a
boy could be employed to do their
work for S40 a month.
The argument will be continued to
morrow.
LONG DISTANCE
DIVORCE SUIT
Husband Is in Panama and
Wife in Australia While
Their Attorneys Try Case
DEPOSITIONS ARE READ
Doctor and Chorus'Girl Do
Not Tell the Same Story.
Troubles of a Contractor
A seafaring medico on board a
steamer at Panama, and a chorus girl
helping to amuse the public In Aus
tralia are the widely separated par
ties to a divorce suit, the trial of
which was begun yesterday before
Judge Kerrigan. Their absence may
detract from visual ' interest in the
case, but their lawyers are affording
ample entertainment for the ear In
the way of spicy depositions.
The plaintiff is Dr. W. B. Bates, a
ship physician who formerly practiced
medicine and dentistry in this city.
His wife was. Myrtle. Scott, who trod
the boards at Fischer's and went with
the Kolb-Dill troupe to the antipodes.
He charged her with cruelty. She
entered denials, set up a recriminatory
defense, and filed a cross-complaint
accusing him of mistreatment. Her
croBs-complaint was withdrawn by
Attorney Martin Stevens at the open
ing of the trial yesterday, but he will
fight the case to the end.
Attorney Roy Hudson read Estes'
deposition in which . the allegations of
hie complaint were elaborated into de
tails. They were married November
1, 1902. Some months afterward they
separated, but on occasions made up
and lived together for brief • periods.
In October, 1903, when she was living
at the Winchester, she telephoned him
en invitation to accompany her on a
yachting trip. The yacht was to leave
early in the morning. Shortly after
that midnight she summoned two men,
had him bound and handcuffed and
t&ken in an ambulance to Mrs. Atkin
son's sanitarium on Sutter street.
There he was placed behind bars. The
night following she had him removed,
as a dangerous case, to the California
Hospital, where he was soon given his
liberty. He says she took this method
of blocking the divorce case which he
had filed. On another occasion she
locked him in a room at Keswick, in
Shasta County, because, he says, he
would not give her a patent medicine
which he had compounded.
INJURED HIS PRACTICE.
He declared that she spent the
whole of her time in his office and
injured his practice by making derog
atory remarks about him to his pa
tients. He charged her with wrong
fully accusing him of immorality and
said that she would visit the officers
of the battleship New York, dine with
them and accept presents from them.
Of three men paying her attentions he
said one was a naval officer, one a
newspaper man, and the third a hard
ware dealer. He denied her specific
charges of cruelty and said he did not
live with her after the divorce suit
was filed.
Estes' mother, Mrs. Rebecca Estes,
disclosed the fact that he is in Pan
ama and, under cross examination, a
letter from her to him was read advis
ing him to stay away and get a
divorce from "that woman."
F. C. Hawes, might clerk at the
Winchester, testified as to the circum
stances of Estes being handcuffed and
removed In an ambulance.
Attorney Stevens began the reading
of the wife's deposition and may con
clude it to-day. She says that Estes
had the morphine habit and was under
the influence of the drug when she had
him sent to the sanitarium for his own
good. She was afraid he would take
an overdose. She told of an incident in
his office regarding a woman named
Mrs. Tighe, with whom the doctor was
said to be very friendly. There was a
scene and Mrs. Tighe is reported to
have said: "I have a good notion to
smash your face into jelly; you are
only a" low chorus girl," 'Estes was
abusive, she said, and once threatened
to cut her. throat. After he began his
suit he would visit iier rooms, take her
to dinners and the theater and try to
induce her to withdraw her defense.
He is said to have dragged her by the
arm to his attorney to- get her to sign
papers for dismissal of her opposition,
but she declined to sign. Mrs. Estes
denies the accusations regarding the
naval officers and others and she gives
many interesting details of her excit
ing encounters with her husband.
THEY SUE TOGETHER.
Louis N. Vazlna and his wife Lau
rita-decided yesterday to go to court
for relief. His complaint for divorce,
charging cruelty, was filed first by
UNION LEAGUE
IS PROSPEROUS
Members Highly Delighted
With the New Quarters,
Facing a Superb Park
AMENDMENT TO BY-LAWS
Nominating Committee to
Select Officers for the
Ensuing Year Is Chosen
A general meeting of tho Union
League Club last evening was largely
attended. A nominating committee as
follows was chosen to nominate officer*
for the ensuing year: W. C. Van Fleet.
Carroll Cook, A. H. Vail, V. W. Gas
kill, William Macdonald, A. W. Spear.
W. H. Gordan, Thomas Kirkpatrick,
Dr. C. T. Deane and J. W. Carmany.
The committee will meet during the
coming week. It is trie impression in
the league that Colonel George H. Pip
py, under whose administration the
club moved into the superb clubhouse
on Post street facing Union Square,
will be nominated for another term, and
it is also gossip that the committee will
recommend only a few changes in tho
directory. The members are highly
pleased with the ne'w quarters. There
are so many applicants for admission
to the club that an amendment to the
by-laws increasing the membership
from 1000 to 1500 was proposed last
night and will be acted on at the an
nual meeting on the second Tuesday of
January, 1905.
A proposition to increase the admis
sion fee for city members to $50 and
for visiting members to $25 will also be
considered at the annual meeting.
It is predicted that the measure to
Increase the membership to 1500 will
be adopted without dissent, as tho
limit of 1000 is. already attained, with
many applications for admission pend
ing.
Early in January on the occasion of
the opening of the Ladles' Annex a
reception in compliment to the ladies
will be given. The annex, consisting of
a reception apartment and grillroom, is
being fitted up in excellent style. The
decorations' and general equipment
wiU involve an outlay of $5000.
Pleads Guilty to Burglary.
John Blgley, alias Henry Stahmann,
alias Frank Wilson, an ex-convict,
pleaded guilty to a. charge of burglary
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday. He
will be sentenced on Saturday. He
broke Into the residence of Mrs. Mary
G. O'Kane, 2001 Broadway, on Aug
ust 31 and stole a quantity of silver
ware.
Pyrography Outfits
And all manner of wooden things and
sheepskins to burn. Hundreds of designs
not shown elsewhere. Artist Material
Department, Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741
Market street. Open evenings. •
Cleve L. Dam, and her's, for main
tenance, followed an hour later, charg
ing desertion. She says' he has $5000
worth of realty, $600 in bank 'and an in
come of $300 a' month; of which she
wants $60 for alimony. His complaint
i3 a rare recital of feminine persecu
tion and he exhausts an inventory of
household goods in naming the articles
she threw at him. Culled from the list
are furniture, stove lifters, 1 shoes,
hair brushes, rolling-pins, » stewpans,
stewed fruit and knives. She is said to
iiave threatened his life with gas and
a knife. She threw his best clothes in
to the basement, burned hia contracts
and destroyed his architects' specifica
tions, according to the complaint, and
all of her acts he traces to the use of
liquor.
Mrs. Vazina's attorney, A. B. Tread
well, went to Judge Sloss for an order
restraining Vazina from disposing of
his property, but the double complaints
caused the court to defer action.
Treadwell, however, obtained . from
Judge Kerrigan a writ of habeas
corpus for the ., possession of an 8
months-old babe of the couple which
Vazlna "kidnaped" from the mother's
home, 47 De Long avenue, last Sunday
night. A year ago last summer Vazina
sued for divorce on the same grounds
alleged in this case, but they made up
and lived together, again.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Kerrigan to Frederick H. Kidd
from Hannah Kldd, j desertion; Annie
M. Lawson from Marshal Lawson,
neglect; by Judge Graham to John E.
Paul from Susie Paul, infidelity; by
Judge Murasky to John Connell from
Jennie Connell, cruelty.
On the grounds of neglect and deser
tion .Sophronla B. Strickland sues for
divorce from Doyal B. Strickland, a
hackman, who has $2000 worth of prop
erty and an Income of $150 a month.
-____• ADVERTISEMENTS.
I A Universal Remedy for Pains in the Back. "^
Forpqinsinthe region of .the Kidneysot fora Weak Back *<s
the plaster should be applied as shown in illustration. ||
REMEMBER— AHcock'a Pl&jtcra bare beea tn ue over W yean, i&d
- They are tho otMstl and gtfmttna-poroosi pfaiteri, and bare never been £3}
r .. equalled 69 * p*Ui-«nrer. Guarantied not to contain belladonna, opium ,"^3
;.V- Insist Upon Having AOcoek'*. U\
AMUSEMENTS;
0 CALIFORNIA*
YOU'LL LAUGH TILL THB TEARS
COME. 4
ROSEIELVilLEg
In Her Famous Original Creation.
SIS
HOPKINS
Christmas Week— "SHORE ACRE3."
▼iV» ______ _______________ _____ —fly
lOOK AT THE NAMES!
HERRMANN THE GREAT
Assisted by Marie Herrmann; 'Vernon:
Ford Sisters; Miss Mary Shavr and
Company; Dillon Brothers; Howard's
Comely Dosrs and Fcnles; Marvelous
rrani and Inttle Bob; Phyllis Allen,
and Orvheum Motion Pictures. Show-
lnjr "The Ex-Convict."
Regular Matinees Kvery Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday,
rrices— 10c. 25c and 60c.
GRAND SSSigj
S«cond Week — Matinee Saturday.
Kw "Befo 1 the King," Edward VI!
Buckingham Palace, June 23, 1903.
THB ROYAL COMEDIANS, ,
WILLIAMSi
and WALKER
_________ 4sW &L«— P O MbfwA^ %
&£• IN DAHOMEY
Coming- BLANCHE BATES
AT ft A7 AD Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR MSfi
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
"A biK success." — Examiner.
•The majority will enjoy it."— Call.
"Company made much of it." — Chronlcla.
Howard P. Taylor's Delightful Comedr.
CAPRICE
Minnie Maddern Fiske's First Success.
Ev's 23c to 50c. Mats., Sat. and Sun.. 25e to 60o.
Next Monday— Sol Smith Russell's Success,
PEACEFUL VALLEY
JOHN CRAIG AS HOSEA HOWE.
Christinas Week— Extra Mat. Mon., Dec. 26*
crA Arthur ' LuST RIVER
Market Street, near Eighth; Phone South 333.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Tremendous Production of the Best Scenlo
Show of Russian Life and Cruelty.
LOST IN SIBERIA
The Beautiful Palaeet The Snow-Bound Death
Llnet
The Fearful Prison and Wonderful Escape.
Strategy. Cunning;, Intrigue, Comedy, Charm.
Ingly Intermingled!!
POPULAR PRICES— Eve. l©o to BOc Mats.
10c. 13c and 25c.
To Follow— "TWO LITTLE- "WAIFS."
fiaci! j^k flail!
Hew - t^^T Jockey
California p^ Clob
OAXXt-ND TRACK.
Commencing; SATURDAY, November 12.
Racine every wefk day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping; at the track take
S. P. Ferry, toot of Market street, at 12:00,
12:30, 1:00, 1:30 or 2:CO. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
PfliflrA DONTFAiLTO
idldLC Bce the bcautiful
- < COURT Lounging
Hflfl room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, tho
r» 1 PALM ROOM, the
HnHIQ LOUIS "XV PAR-
uiaiiu LOR? and the LA-
: if _ | DIES* WRITING
notels room
AMUSEMENTS. if
T p T •% qr» TUB STJFERB
-NIGHT
KING
6X3AT3 ALWAT3 gZZXXXO.
REGULAR MATINEB SATURDAY.
TH13 WEEK— Up to and IncJucUa* Saturday.
MATDTEE SATURDAY.
The Oriental Musical Comedy.
Tho Famous International Success,
CHINESE liONEYMOON
next^7S...SUNDAY
BXAW and eslaiiges Pxesaxxft
THOMAS Q. SEABROOKE
Ir. the Spectacular Musical Pare* J*wr«lty.
THE BILLIONAIRE
SEAT SAUD BEGINS TO-MORROW.
H. YV. BISHOP, Lessee and Maaacer.
TO-ISilCHTc^^S. TONIGHT
25c— MATINEBJ TO-MORROW— 23o
OLIVER MOROSCO Offers
HOWARD GOULD, J. H. GILMOUR
And th« Exceptional Majestic? Co. In
Mr, Potter of Texas
NEXT- "JIM BLUDSO."
Christmas Week— "A CONTENTED
- • V . WOMAN."
In Preparation — "IN OLD HEIDELBERG."
F-vs. prices, 22c to 73c. Mats.. 23o to 50c.
TONY L.UBELSKI. General Manager.
Is It a wonder that w« are tttrnlna; people
away at erery perforraanca?
Ten really remarkable acts.
Equal to any la America or Europaw
PEOPLE'S
OPULAR
RICES
10c and 20c — No H!srfi#*.
Children to any part of the theater lOe.
Performance every afternoon at 2:30. Even
evrnins at 7:30 and 9. Continuous Saturdly
%nd Sunday matinees from 2 to 5 and 7 to li.
Startling, new European moving pictures.
A Bulendld Show Every Afternoon and
Evenfcur In the Heated Theater.
DON"T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
THH REK3NINO SENSATION OT CONET
ISLAND and the World's Fair.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN BPSCTACLSI
Amatnx HUrlrt and XSectrlo rouatata
Thursday.
Berlnntns; Sunday. "PRINCESS FAN TAN."
ADMISSION lOo I CHILDREN 5a
MISCELLANEOUS A3rUSK>tKXTS.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Bicknell Tounr. C. B. B>, af Chlean. num-
ber of th* Christian 8clenc« Board of lecture-
ship of Th« First Chu»ch of Christ. Scientist.
In Boston. Mass.. will leeture on Christian
Science In the Alhambra Theater. Saturday
evening-. December 17. at 8:13 o'clock. Admis- .
■ion free. Tickets which wijl reacrva seats
until 8 p. m. may be had without charze at
Sherman. Clay A Ce-.'s December 15. 18. 17.
■OTiTTCUTTC FOR BARBERS. BAK-
LjKU Oil £iO "»• bootblacks, bath-
UllUUliUW houses, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, e&ndy p* 1 "". «=>«n
dyers flour mills foundries, laundries. pap«r-
bangers. printers, painter*. shoe factories,
itablemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCXAXA2T -I5O3..
Brruh MagnXactgxer*. 6O» Sacramento St.
IA/.TT. HESS*
Votary Futile and Attora«y-at-I*w.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Clau* 8preckala bid*.
Telaohuoe Main 0S3.
. Residence. 1802 McAlllater at.
Residence Telephone Page 3641.
sTfe I B1I fk Ammunition. Hunting and
S * J cKftixk Sporting Goods. Larger
■ _ H g gia Hock. Lowest price*. S*n4
l_9%4<! V^L? S°HR C EVE°* 1 B ARBOR CO_
739 Market at. asjsl Hi
Kearn,* ~*
910
BARNEY OLDFIELD SHATTERS AUTOMOBILE RECORDS ON THE FRESNO RACECOURSE
ANDREW B. COOK IS AGAIN DEFEATED
Romaine, Piloted by
Helgesen, Wins
Handicap.
STROLLERUNPLACED
Dr. Sherman Finishes
Second to Fast
Alice Carev.
BY FIIED E. MULIIOLLAND.
Honiton declined the issue in that
•ix and a half furlong handicap at
Oakland yesterday, and Romaine, a
plebeian sprinter, captured the special
feature of the menu. .tomalne
polished off everything in the plater
division and was sent after harder
ganie. Sea Voyage, Ilo\\«?na and Ish
lar.a. other absentees, pruned the actual
number of starters down to half a
dozen.
Stroller, assigned 103 pounds, closed
a Blight favorite over Is'lgrette, Jhe
Jennings entry. The track was too
heavy fyr Stroller and Davis could
nut prevent Xigrrette from bearing in
toward the rail, and becoming an
chored in the deep footing.
Andrew li. Oook, ■ ridden by Ander
■on, performed his customary sky
rocket turn out in the lead, and as
there was nothing to carry him along,
came close to getting the coin. Had
Helgeiren not exercised the best of
Judgment on Romaine. Cook wouid
havt- won. As it was, the bush horse
only lost the decision by a neck in a
hard drivo. Judge ran third, on the
rail. The winner went to the post at
odds of 7'i to 1.
Favorites held their' own by annex
ing three purses. The fields were well
balanced, and. considering the heavy
conditiou of the track, the horses ran
remarkably well to form. The attend
ance and betting were up to the stand
ard.
Marie J., which was installed fa
vorite for the five and a half fur
long scramble for 2-year-olds, the cur
tain raiser, could not untrack herself.
The winner turned up in Fay Temple
ton, a T to 1 chance, ridden by Ander
son, which, in a hard drive, led Baker
out a neck. Melar ran ;hird.
Willie Daly, astride his father's geld
ing Canonicus, took the mile event for
maidens. The big son of Indio re
ceived stanch support at 13 to 10,
and passing Darksome in the run
home, downed Serenity a couple of
lengths. The show fell to Darksome.
Sammy Greenfield piloted Bob
Itagon, winner of the next race, a
five and a half furlong spin for two
jet.r-o!ds. Opening a 9 to 5 chance,
the colt's price lengthened to 2*4 to
1. He disposed of Gallant Cassie by
four or>en lengths. Jerusha, the pace
maker, was third.
Alice Carey, cocked and primed for
a killing, landed the six-furlong run,
fifth to be decided. Backed from 9 to
6 and piloted by Alarie, the mare
early outfooted Revolt and at the
close led the favorite. Dr. Sherman,
out three lengths. Revolt dbwned
Sugden for third place honors.
Travers assuredly selected a tortu
ous route for Briers, the 6 to 5 favor
ite In the betting on the final event.
-*fter being pocketed on half a dozen
occasions, Travers made a sweeping
turn into the stretch and just did suc
ceed in defeating Inspector ilunro a
rose-. MoFketo at 40 to 1 ran third.
There was a cord attachment on the
bit of Xigrette to prevent her from
bearing in toward the rail, but it
availed nothing. The black mare is
used to running there, and. despite
Davis' efforts, gained her point.
Stroller, it was always figured, was
at his best on a sloppy trae!:. . •>?
Sam Greenfield rides a good enough
race to suit almost everybody. When
It comes to a drive Sam is usually
there on time.
After investigating the race won by
Komombo on Monday the stewards
find nothing to indicate that any care
fully planned coup was pulled off. The
filly was not played in the out-of-town
poolrooms, and her owners. Parkei
and Thwaites. are held blameless of
any attempt at fraud.
m ADVERTISEMENTS.
REYNOLOsTcIiBi
64 Chrcnjcle Building.
Back Sheets on File for Inspection.
GAIOIICUU to 5, WON
Established 1K90. Wag Q
Before the Pub- one Best Bat
lie Ererr Day TeeterST.
«ggg! Bob Ragon,
00£\ 5 to 2, Won
j^tvA Fa y Temp!eton,
*HKr^\ 6 to 1, Won
Briers,
6 to 5, Won
We TStmvtt Mis- __ . 'IV*' :
represent. W«re also uriven to win.
$20 flat bets on our one best bet
each day at Oakland won $775 in the
past nine days — eight won.
Nov. 13 Canonicus, 0-5, won.
Nov. 12 Pclham, 8-5, won.
Nov. 10 Sad Sam, 1-1, won.
Nov. 9 Hooligan, 4-1, won.
Nov. 8 Silent Water, 1-2, won.
Nov. 7 San Nicholas, C-5, lost.
Nov. 6 Sol Uchten^tcin. 5-2, won.
• Nov. 5 Byronerdale, 4-5, won.
Nov. 3 Pickaway, 1-1, won.
See files at office for previous days.
NOTICE — You are cordially Invited
to call at our office to-day and exam-
ine our files etc., as we wish to prove
to the race-going public that there Is
no deception in our advertisements.
Author cf "EAVS'S STSTSU OP HAS.
BICAPFING AND TXTKP SPECULA-
TOR'S OUTDE."
Suite 3. 4 an 5 5. Grey stone Hotel
66 Geary Street, San Francisco
Phone James 2561.
Terms S3.00 dally; $15 weekly cp 850
monthly.
Befereace*— Any reputable racing man
tt America.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND — Tuesday, Dec. 13. Weather fine. Track muddy.
7S37. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 2-year-olds; value to flrst. $328.
Index I Horse and Otrner. |Wt!St. %i'. ifr. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
75H5 'jFay Templ^on lO. W. nod(re)[107 2 ... 3 n In'l 1^1 n Anderson ..00
.•V« jttaker (J. J., McAlester) |llu 1 ... lh 3 1^43 4 2 4 H. Michaels 6 21-6
72S3 j Mtlar KJ. Strobjl) 1107 5 ... 4h 22 2 1 3 1VJ Travers ... 6 12^
•*f.S5 | Bill Short (W. V. Ma*rane).lllo ;t ... 2n 4^42 44 Helgwen .. 5 7
, r.-(7 JUdna Sullivan OP. Sullivan). .|1O-J| » ... ti 9 7 2 5 2^4 J. Kelly... 6 7
I ..*■.-»» |San Jose (CJ. W. Wilson) jlO5| 7 ... 8 B 7 3 C Vi « 2^ Taylor 20 30
"U3 |n?n Krlc (Blasinzame Uro.) KRii S ... « 1«4<5 V4 6 7 4 W. Davis.. 10 13
7r>:> Marie J (Jones & Lusk) 102 (t ... 7 n S 2 8 3 8 15 jGreer.fleld . 2 S
■ 4»1 k'a«cad>>5 <O. Rogtra) jlOl! 4 ... 5 2 ft n 9 9 jl-oague 30 ICO
Time— :25. :3;\ 1:11. At port 1 minute. Off at '2 : 13. Fay. place, 5-2; show, 0-5. Baker.
• place. K-3; show, 7-10. Melar, enow. 5-2. Winner, b. f. by Inspector B-Glen View.
Trained bv G. W. Dodge. Scratched— Ro^sbourne. Start good. Won In a hard drive
of two. Third stopplnc Winner received a flrst-claEB ride. Baker closed very strong.
Melar Is fast, but cant hang on. BUI Short likes heavy prolng. Edna Sullivan slow to
set away and ridden in the poor coins. Marie J no sceed.
7S5**. SECOND RACE — One mile; purse; malcitns; 3-year-olds and up: value to flrst. $325.
Indei| Horte and Owner. IWtlSt. U- Vi- %• Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
7521 jCanonlcuj. 3 (M. J. Daly). . .|105, i 3 »; 2 1^2 2 2 !j 1 2 |W. Daly... 6-5 13-10
7544 iSercr.ity. .". (Dayton & Kahn)lin;. 2 5 h 5 n 3 1%3 3 2 2WC. Miller... 4 b
7.V?1 (Darksome, a <J. Touhey) 10"j 0 1 141 4 1 2^1 4 3 0 |HelR«>»=en .. 4 0-2
7C55 Thorndale. 4 <\V. M. Murry) lOOj 4 (i 3 4 2'44 n 4 2 4 l»4!Lcague 20 61
1 Jack Habert, 0 (Fountain).. Km 7 8481078(1105 L Fountain 12 25
750S Miss M. Howdlsh. a (Blasifm) insj 1 2n3h 53 5%6n Crosswalte B 12
I Sunny Hhore. 4 <J. Dunne)... IOSi H 7 3 7 l',46 3 7 10 7 20 Larsen 5 7
tt/W Mask Call, 3 (Mrs. Fletcher) 1C0J 5 4n62 88 84 82 Bell 20 40
7521 jTarrigan. 4 (D. McCarthy).. j 109 j 0 * l» 9 9 9 9 H. Michaels 15 25
Time— :25"i. :51ij, l:18& 1:45U. At poet '4 minute. Off at 2:38. Canonicus, place, 3-5;
I *hr,w. 7-2<). Serenity, place.- 8-6; show, 4-5 Darksome, show. 7-10. Winner, b. g. bj
Indjo-I'ro«e. Trained by M. J. Daly. Start pood. Won handily. Second driving.
Third stoppine. Winner probably best. Serenity had the worst of the footing and was
out oflT in stretch by Darksome. Too far for the ' latter. May Bowdish cut oft on
Ftretoh turn. Sunny Shore no mudder.
7.">5!». THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling: 2-year-olds; value to first. $323. ■
]lndexj Horse and Owner. iWt'Pt. >i . Vt. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
: 7527 Bob Ragon (Summers Co.). .illO.»! 5 ...4 2 3 1%2 2 14 Greenfield . 9-5 6-2
752S 'Gallant Cassie (Mrs. Miller). . .!lo7| 4 ... 2 1 2 1><,3 128 W. Knapp. 3 4 .
(7533)!Jenj!.ha (\V\ R. Kngstrom). . . lt)2, 1 ...In 1 % 11 3 H Travers ... 7-2 «
{Handy Hill (D. Zellnsky) lui « ...66 « 10 C 10 4 2% W. Davis . 4 7-2
7.12.S lKdrtxlun d^aporla & Fcrbes-)!1C2 3 ...5n5n43 6h IPerrine ... 15 8
7P.63 lEdRecllff (Judire & Co.) |H»7 2 ...3h 41 52 0 15 (Helgesen .. 1(> 10
7S84 JGI^nRnan (A. Ross) IIlOj 7 ... 7 7 7 7 |Loague ... 2!) 50
Time — :24%. :51U. 1:09*;. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:07. Ragon, place. 1; show, 2-5.
Cassie. place. 3-2; show, 3-5. Jerusha, show, 4-5. Winner b. c. by Klsmet-Chatose.
! Trained by O. Summers. Scratched— David Boland, The Reprobate. Mogregor. Start.
1 need. Won easily. Halanc; driving. Winner best and nicely handled. Cassie ran her race. *
Jerusha stopped. Handy Bill can Improve on this over a fast track. Boy not much help
to Edrodun. Edgeclift get In the deep going.
"•<;<>. FOURTH RACK — Six and a half furlongs; handicap; all ages; value to first. < $400.
Index', Horse and Owner. iWtSt. &. % . Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
« 754;o Romaine, 4 (W. Sfharetg). .|l07 1 3 43h 3»iln In (Helgesen .. 0 15-2
7342 1 JL: B. Cook. 3 (Stnfld & EllisMlOS! 2 1^11 In2 2V42 1'ilAnderscn ..6 8
7524 'Judge. 3 <J. J. McA!eBter)--.*1103J 3 5 1 5 2 4 14 4 4 3 % |li Michaels 4 21-5
75."2 Xljrrette. 4 (W. B. Jennings). 1,101 4 4 2 4 2 2 1 »*3 % 4 2V4iW. Davis.. .| 7-5 5-2
7541 !t?n. Johnson. 2 (Mr?. Miller). I S4 5 2 lVi2 n 5 3 5 4 5 3 Wiley... .1 12 - 25
744'» 'Stroller. 4 (Brinkworth Co.)ll0-'M 6 C 8 6 6 6 W. Knapp | 6-2 11-5
Time— :24. -.49. 1:15'4. 1 :22U. At post 3 mlnutfs. Off at 3:32. Romaine. place, 2; show, 7-10;
Cook, place, 7-2: rhow, 6-5. Judg?. show, 3-6. Winner b. p. by Brutus-Hazel D. '
Trained by J. M. McNameg. Scratched— Sea Voyage, Rowena. Honiton, Ishlana. Start
fair. Won all driving. Helgesen picked the good going and rode a powerful finish. There
was nothing to go out with Cook and It made him hard to catch. Judge faltered near
the close. Nlgrette -bore In to the rail wheie the footing was heaviest. But for this
she could have won. Stroller likes a light, sloppy track. ,
7."(»1. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs, selling; three-year-olds and up; value to flrst, $325.
IndfX; Horse and Owner. WtiSt. %. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op." CK
7510 ;Allce Carey. 4 iFleur do Lis). lllj 1 ... 24 Inl2 13 Alarie jj 8
752:tJDr. Sherman, « (Hoppas) 114] 8 ... 7 2 6 2 5 2 2 M4IW. Knapp. 8-5 5-»
7405 KRevolt. 4 (V. Gilbert) 109 4 ... lh 25 2 2^3 4 IGreenfleld . 10 8
7545 (fc'ugroVit. a (J. Sturgeon) lilt 5 ... 8 >i H 4 ti 4 n League 10 20
74S5 I Adirondack, 4 (H. Shannon). .ilOCUO ... 9 5 S 2 8 3 5 2 W- Davis 6 8
731C i Military. G <D.' Quill) !lllj« ... 4h 4 3 3h fih Kunz " 20 ->0
7.VX! !Col. Ballantyne. 6 (Ronaldson)|114 7 ... 3h 3h.4h 74 Anderson 15 "o
7530 iBrennus, 4 (Judge A Co.) 108 fl ... 6 l%l» 3 7 2 8 '4 Helgesen ..3 4
7400 j Sir Dougal. a (P. Sheridan).. IO61 2 ... 52 7 \'t 9 3 98 Travers 15 20
7349 ID. of Richelieu, 5 (Gottung).. lilt 3 ... 10 n 10 10 10 Bell • 3ft 30 '
749.-! ifrbano. 4 Mrs. Boyle) 114 11 ...11 11 11 n Holbrook"! 30 60
7450 jSHintly. a (Crowe & Co.) |lll|12 ... 12 12 12_12 H. Michaels 10 12
Time— :24Vi. :49%. 1:10^4. At port 1% mifhltes. Off at 3:5<J. Carey, place 2- show 1
Sherman, plsce, 1; show. 1-2. Revolt, show, 3-2. Winner, b. m. by Trappean-Abble
F. Trained by W. mfley. Scratched— My rtl* H. Lady Kent. Start good. Wen easllv
Balance driving. Alice Carey waa played and delivered- the merchandise. Knapp slow
to get away with Dr. Sherman and there if the race. Revolt did well. Sugden moved
up a few holes. Military will do In a cheaper field. Brennu* ran a poor race. Saintly
off very badly.
75O2. SIXTH RACE— Mile and 100 yards, selling- 3-year-olds «jid up; value to flrst. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. JWtlSt. U. !£• %. Str! Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
751fi 'Briers. 4 (H. E. Rowell) J102 7 5 2 0 1 4 2Vi2 n 1 ns Travers ~ 6-5 13I1O
(7545),Inspector Munro. 3 (T. Fox).. ,101 3 3 n 7 2V,5 l]U3 3 2 5 F Sullivan 4 7 -
7.VW jMosketo, 5 (G. Strobel) 10.T 5 6 h 2 % 1 h 11 3 4 League ' 20 40 I
7515 !Trap*etter. 3 (L. H. Eiell) 07 4 4 14 3 % 3 1^4 3 4 8 Greenfield' 3 9 2 "
755O!Homage. 6 ill. Stephen»on). . 09 S 7 2^5 n 0 3,64 5h W Davis fi 11 2
7371 jTamm. 4 (G. Edison) 107 10 8 >£ 8 3 7 4 5 1 6 10 T. Stewart' 30 100
7514 IPrinoe Blazes, a (Balrd & Co.) 104 9 B 3 96 9t£83 75 Reed Rft im
7551 IVaughan. 3 (Mrs. Hertzell).. .1103 6 2 % 4 1'JS 4 7 2%8 2 W. Knapp" 10 iq
7545 I Wistaria. 3 (Stocktcn Stable). 99 2 10 10 10 9 9 Wrieht 9rt i?\
54:giSir Lewis, 5 'A. White) J103J 1 1 1^1 h 2 n » W. Daly.!! 20 12
•Broke down. Time— :25Vi. :51%. 1:19%. 1:45%, 1:51 »*. At post 1 minute Off «t
4:25H- Briers, place. 3-5; show. 1-3. Munro. place. 6-2; »how. 6-5. Mo-keto show
6. Winner, b. m.. by Perblaise-Bramble Leaf. Trained by H. E Rowell Scratrhirt
Bex Elder. Llbble Candid. Start good. Won In a hard drive of two Third TstonrTlmT
Briers pounds the best. Was cut off or pocketed half a dozen . times. Travers flna lv
outfinlshed Sullivan. Mosketo stretched it out. Trapsetter quit. Sir Lewis broke down!
BBITT ADOPTS
ROUGH TACTICS
That Jimmy Britt does not think it
will be a parlor entertainment he is to
attend next Tuesday night in Me
chanics' Pavilion with Battling Nelson
is evident from the work he is doing in
training.
There is a terrible earnestness in his
boxir«r with Frank Rafael and in his
rough work with Tiv. Kreling to show
what he expects when he meets the
Dane. There Is not a moment devoted
to fancy boxing. It is all slug, slug and
wrestle with a chance always of one of
those fierce blows reaching a vital spot.
Britt went three rounds with Rafael
yesterday before the usual large gal
lery, including a number of ladies, who
watched the mir-tc warfare with bated
breath and bulging eyes. Spider Kelly
kept time and coached Britt when he
saw an opening. Britt led with his
right repeatedly, something he has not
done in recent fights. From his tactics
in training it is evident he expects to
wear Nelson down with his body blows
which have been so effective with other
opponents. If Nelson can assimilate
these he is, in truth, an iron man. Britt
y ill waste no blows on the hard rhead
of the Dane. He is hitting with won
derful precision, timing his blows to a
nicety and seldom missing the mark at
which he aims. .'.-..
Britt boxed three rounds with Roach,
a clever little 100-pounder from the
Olympic Club. Britt contented himself
with countering and his weight proved
too much for his aggressive little spar
ring, mate. . j "•".-? u;
After the. boxing came the wrestling.
The casual spectator gains the impres
sion that • Kreling is trying to pull
Britt's head off his shoulders from the
manner in which they go tearing
around the gymnasium. After pulling
and hauling for some time they fall to
slugging, taking the precaution to hit a
spot protected by a glove, thus follow
ing the tactics pursued "by boxing in
structors.
Kreling is the passive, instrument" In'
the hands of Britt, allowing the latter
to do all the work. All these : signs
point to some lively milling when. Britt
gets into action. He will* be 'more
speedy .than Nelson or any one the Iat-
t«r has met and how the Dane will off
set this advantage remains, to^ be seen.
Britt is taking so kindly to his work
that he will keep It up throughout the
week. While he is within easy distance
of the required weight he perspires
freely, showing he is not drawn dawn
too fine.
Yesterday morning about the time
the residents of Larkspur were yawn-
Ing and thinking it about time to rise
Battling Nelson, attired in an oilskin
and covered with mud, . returned : to his
camp at Smiling Metzner's tavern after
having hit the high places of Marin
County for; twelve miles.
As he neared camp he was singing
"Out in the hail and the rain and the
enow.".- As his mud-covered clothes
were being removed the Dane' explain-
THE SAN- FRANCISCO r CALL, ..WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1904.
WITCH HAZEL IS A WINNER
Starting at Odds of Thirty* to One Leads
Out the Favorite, Fireball.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 13.— Three
favorites, two second choices and an
outsider were the winners to-day at
Ascot. The outsider furnished the
sensation of the day. It was in ithe
second race, in which Fireball, holder
of the track record for four and a
half furlongs, was made a 6 to 5 fa
vorite. Tyrolean, Tramotor, Cutter
and Hilona were also well played.
Witch Hazel was coupled with Revel
in the betting at 25 and 30 to 1. The
race looked to be Fireball's until the
last fifty yards, when Witch Hazel
came like a rocket on the outside and
won by a nose from Fireball, with
Hilona third.
The flrst hurdle race of the season
was won by the favorite, Milas, with
Mrs. Grannan a close second and Dr.
Long third.
The best race on the card was the
fourth at one mile and went to Prin
cess Tulane after a gallant struggle
with Hans Wagner. Emperor of In
dia was third. Flo Bob, the favorite,
ran last. Escalante beat High Chan
cellor, the favorite, in the fifth in the
fast time of 1:09^ for the Slauson
course. Kenilworth was third. Cloche
d'Or, Dutiful and Iras were mixed up
ed : "This j . running in s, the mud Is
dandy. It reminds me of the days
when I fought around Chicago." After
a brisk rub-down Bat took his gun and
went into the foothills in quest : of
quail. - . . ,
An hour's hard work was accomplish
ed in the gymnasium during the after
noon, when the Dane went through his
usual stunts. After going four short
but fast rounds with Eddie Santry,
Bat hooked up with Stockings Kelly.
It was curtains for Stockings in. two
rounds, as he received a love tap on
the point of the. jaw. Kelly says he
distinctly saw his. future home. A
young amateur from this city lasted
about a round and a half.
Nelson tipped the beam at 132%
pounds. N '.'? r^fe v .
GIVE AN UNPOPULAR VERDICT.
Judges Award Against Joe Carroll 'in
a Boxing Contest.
Jack O'Brien, the south side
featherweight: boxer, was given an un
merited decision over Joe Carroll, the
champion amateur featherweight," at
the Hayes Valley Club's exhibition last
night at Woodward's Pavilion. \ ■ The
spectators showed their/ disapproval
of the decision by roundly hooting the
verdict of the judges. Referee. Roche
was surprised at the decision, but it
was not within his . power to change
it. Carroll outfought and outboxed
O'Brien all the way •, and. continually
chased him * about • the ring during the
four rounds. ■* '; . : ' "
Johnny Crowe still appears able to
HOESES WHICH SHOULD
FINISH FIRST/
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First race — Idogo, Lady" Kent,'
Bronze 'Winjr.
. Second race— Golden Buck;
Ara, Mizpah. :. ■ r ,
Third rnce-^-Hipponax, Mr.
Farnuni, Flaneur.
Fourth race — Leila, Military
Man, Bombardier. -
Fifth race-^- Alice Carey, Albe
marlc, Bard Burns.
Sixth race — lsnbelllta, Major
Tenny, Follow Me.
HANDICAP IS THE
FEATURE OF CARD
The handicap at one mile and sev
enty yards will be the feature of to
day's card at Oakland. Leila, Mili
tary Man and Bombardier are among
the flyers carded to start. There is a
strong entry in all the races. The
day's entries:
First race — One mile, three-year-olds ' and
up. Bellins.
7403 'Pencil Me (Grosshelm) 102
"MO Bronze Wing- (Fountain) 107
7540 •Llbble Candid (Appleby & Co.) 0K
7023 'Idogo (Wilson) 102
7.->22 Uidy Kent (Ryan) 107
7497 'Karabel (Boettger) 102
7.717 *Gln Spray (De Nefte) 102
7.145 'Box Elder (Moran) 93
7M3 »Nattve (Stover) 102
7523 'Glenarvon (Summers) . .V 102
7550 'Glenrlce (Fitzsrerald & Cree) 102
Second race — Five and a half furlongs, two
year-olis. gelling.
7552 'Dlxelle (Wilson) 05
671S PIrella (Murphy) 100
(7557)'Fay Templeton (Dodge) 9S
(7r-27)*Golden Buck (Schorr) ..10:>
7C11 Mizpah (Summers) 100,
Colleen Dhas (Nealon) 106
7556 *Ara (Stevens) 104
7444 Willa (MagTan*) 100
Third race — Seven furlonys, three-year-olds
and up, selling.
7C49 Hipponax (Deane) Ill
7435 Red Damsel (Russell) Ill
7455 Myrtle H (Hertzell) lit
"£» 'Flaneur (Blanchl & Co.) ....100
7549 'Waterspout (Smith) 102
6113 'YounK Marlow (Scharetg) 10U
75C1 'Dr. Sherman (Hoppas) 10&
74S0 Rainier (Donahue) 4.111
Scotch Lad (Ross) *..110
7545 'Mr. Farnum (Wilson) 100
(7634) 'Profitable (Winter) 100
Fourth race^ — One mile and seventy yards,
all ages, handicap.
7404 Leila (Clark) 05
7240 Modicum (Fountain) 108
754R Bombardier (Skinner) 103
7548 Military • Man (Ferguson) 107
7554 Little Wally (Brlnkworth) 95
Fifth race— Futurity course, three-year-olds
and up, selling.
7540 "Educate (Hoppas) 104
7553 'Troy (Gilbert) 104
59SO Cameletta (Boettger & Co.). 109
6487 Presidio (Zemansky) 104
. (7621)*Molto (Shannon) 104
7621 'Emma Reubold (Appleby A Co.) 104
7523 Bard Burns (O'Rourke) ...112
7497 'Pure Dale (Hoeppner) 104
7551 'Harka (Ryan) 90
7523 'Doublet (Fountain) .......104
7561 Alice Carey (Fleur de Lis Stable). ...109
7551 Instrument (Balrd) ...104
7553 'Boll Reed (Fitzgerald) ...109
(7497)*Albemarle. (Qulnlan) 104
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth mllei, three
year-old» and up, selling. '/.
7555 'Goldflnder (Fitzgerald & Cree) 9G
(7538)'BadIy Used (Multnomah Stable) 110
. 7540 'Chickadee (Whitman) 99
7520 •Isabellita (Ronaldson) 105
7549 *Red Cross Nurse (Josephs) 8S
7555 Me (Mozier Bros.).. 102
(7555)*MaJor Tenny (Piedmont Stable) 105
•Apprentice allowance.
in a nose-to-nose finish in the sixth
race and were placed in the order
named. Weather clear; track fast.
Summary:
First race, five furlongs. Belling— Agnes
Mack. 102 (Kent). 2 to 1, won; Happy Chappy,
lWi (Lawrence), 4 to 1, second; Miss Provo.
114 (Narvaez), 25 to 1. third. Time, 1:01.
Kdlnborough. Crigli. Sir Christopher. Sceptre
and Alma C also ran. I -
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Witch
Hazel 98 (Lawrence), 25 to 1, won; Fireball.
108 (DuKan).. 6 to 5, second; Hilona, 98 (Me-
Daniel), 30 to 1, third. Time, :54%. Cutter.
Tramotor. Seasick, Tyrollan, Revel and Lady
Witt also ran.
Third race, handicap hurdle, one and an
eighth mlles-r-Mllas, I(i8 (J. Sullivan), 1 to 2.
v,-on; Mrs. Grannan 160 (O. Rice), 3 to 1,
second; Dr. Long, 142 (Sprague), 10 to 1,
third. Time. 2:04%. Cazadero, Allegiance,
Flea and Favorlta also ran.
Fourth race, one mile — Princess Tulane. 107
(K. Walsh), 7 to 2, won; Hans Wagner, 10*
(Otis), 12 to 1, second; Emperor of India, 101
(Tooman). 7 to 1. third. Time. 1:41U. Elle
and Flo Bob also ran.
Fifth race, Slauson course — Escalante 104
(Truebel). 8 to 5. won; High Chancellor, ,116
(E. Walsh), even, second; Kenilworth, 101
(H. Smith), 20 to 1, third. Time. l:09V4.
Cerro Santa, Schoharle and Port Royal also
ran."-
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards, selling—
Cloche d'Or. 105 (Hlldebrand). 0 to 6, won;
Dutiful, .104 (Tooman) 4 to 1. second; Iras.
105 (E Walsh), 6 to 1, third. Time, 1:40.
Tom Hawk, Mordente, Ulloa, Lanark and
Capable also ran.
beat the bantams. He jabbed Abe
Label with .his left during the four
rounds and easily gained the palm.
The best event of the evening: was
between Charlie Dunn and Young
McClure, two 135-pounders. They
put ud a hard fight that went the
limit. Dunn was given the decision
after an even struggle. "Chic" Law
lor.outfought Ed . GalJatin and re
ceived the palm after four rounds. A
scared, youth named Dave Dougherty
fell down so often in. his bout with
Tanglefoot McGovern that his seconds
threw up the sponge. Billy Kerns
won the decision in the next bout.
Jim Fox outpointed George Murray in
four rounds. 0 ■
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to; '.the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOL IDA Y EDITION,
SUNDAY, DECri8, NO
D I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after : 6
■P. * M. ; Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
AUTO RECORDS BROKEN
'■FRESNO,' Dec. 13. — Barney Old
fleld in ji his automobile, the Green
Dragon, . smashed every record from
fifteen "miles to fifty this afternoon on
the Fresno Fair Grounds racetrack.
In 4 8 minutes 39 1-5 seconds he tore
round the mile oval over fiftv times,
reducing the world's record of 55:42
for fifty - miles, \ held by Charles
Gorndt, by 7 minutes and 2 4-5 sec
onds. The record for every mile un
der the fifteen to fifty was; slashed.
The terrific pace heated the engine of
the dare-devil's machine and he had
to quit at the end of the fifty miles,
or else he would have torn minutes
from every record between fifty and
sixty miles as well.
Three thousand people stood with
their hearts in their throats while
Barney Oldfleld flew "around the track.
There was no wind, but the air was
heavy.
- Charles Burman in his light-weight
touring car. Blue Streak, made two
runs of four miles each. The second
was not phenomenal, but the first was
run in 4:13 7-10. the last mile being
clipped oft in 1:02 1-5. which tied the
world's record for a mile, held by
Burman himself in this type of ma
chine.
All Interest centered in the great
Oldfield. Until the fifteenth mile was
finished no record was broken. That
distance was covered in 14:02. which
lowered Barney's own record of
14:05. Then up to twenty went the
records. The twenty-five mile record
made bv Charles Kaiser at Cleveland.
Ohio, was finished in 23:39 3-5, which
was exactly 20 seconds better than
Kaiser's time. Gorndt's thirty mile
record of 28:47 was taken down to
28:38 4-5. Barney's fastest mile was
the sixth. The time for that mile was
56 1-5 seconds.
Barney declares the Fresno track
is one of the fastest, if not the fastest,
in the United States. He said he
would return here for another try as
soon as possible. He believes he can
break every record he goes after on
it. The turns are perfect and the
earth packed for speed. To-day he>
said it was too damp for the short
distance records.
M. L. Woy and George Warlow, two
of the most experienced timers in the
State, held the watches. Oldfleld's
time by miles follows:
One mile. :56 2-5; two miles, 1:514-5; three'
miles. 2:47 1-5; four miles. 3:42 3-B; five miles,
4:3S; six miles. 5:32 1-5; seven miles. 0:28 3-5;
eight - miles, 7:25; nine miles, 8:211-5; ten
miles. 9:18 3-5; eleven miles, 10:15 3-5;
twelve miles, 11:113-5; thirteen miles.
12:07 3-6; fourteen miles, 13:04 3-5: fifteen
miles. 14:08 3-5; sixteen miles. 16:013-5; sev
enteen miles, 15:59 3-5; eighteen mil*s,
16:57 2-5; nineteen miles. 17:55 2-5; twrnt>
miles, 18:52 4-5; twenty-one miles, 19:40 4-5;
twenty-two miles, 20:47; twenty-three miles,
21:44; twenty-four miles. 22:41 3-5; twenty
five miles. 23:3s 3-5; twenty-six miles,
24:35 3-5; twenty-seven miles, 25:36; twenty
eitrht miles. 26:37 1-5; twenty-nine miles,
27:38 4-5; thirty miles. 28:38 4-5; thirty-one
Wrestlers In Hnrd Training.
Tom Jenkins, the American, and
Buzayell, the Algerian, who are to par
ticipate in the revival of wrestling at
Woodward's Pavilion on Friday night,
are two entirely different types of mar
velous muscular manhood. The skin
of one is white and the other black,
and as marked does the difference ap
pear in figure. Jenkins is tremendous,
ponderous, massive. Buzayell is lithe,
sinewy, powerful. Of the two types
Jenkins has the ideal wrestler's form,
the bull-like neck measuring nineteen
Inches and denoting enormous power,
but the Algerian has a trunk that
shows force in every breath and he
moves with the agility of a panther.
Buzayell is an Algerian, not a negro
as many have imagined. His English
tongue has riot been cultivated enoueh
to make conversation easy, but his
French is fluent, and he speaks pure
Arabic, according to a linquist who vis
ited him at the Hayes Valley Club yes
terday morning. There is a merry
twinkle in the black's eye most of the
time, but a scowl may be discerned
when things do not go right while on
the mat. He handled three bulky sons
of France yesterday. One of the chaos
was a 200 pounder and no novice. The
scowls were for him. Buzayell would
be a bad man to arouse If his features
tell the tale aright.
Two Millions for Baseball.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13. — Harrv C.
Pulllam was unanimously elected
president, secretary and treasurer of
the National League of Professional
Baseball Clubs at the annual meeting
here to-day. The reports of the va
rious club' presidents showed that the
season of 1904 was the most success
ful from the point of earnings in the
hfistory of the league. The total
amount received for paid admissions
during the season was $1,932,862.
Xcw Orleans Racing.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 13. — Results:
First race, aeven furlongs — Hakim won. Ob-
Jlba second. Tracey third. Time, 1:33.
Second race, elx furlong; — Telescope won,
Astarita second. Oregor K third. Time, 1:16.
Third race, five furlonss — Lieutenant Rice
won. Lamplighter second. Gladiator thfrd.
Time, 1 :0C.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Ram's Horn won,
Savolr Falre second, Pawtucket third. Time,
1:04 3-5.
Fifth race, one and three-sixteenth miles —
Malcolm R won. Rachael Ward second. Gas
hKbter third. Time, 2:09.
Sixth race, ' five furlongs — Lucy Young won,
Tom Shelly second. Simplicity third. Time,
1:04. . -■;■-:''-- ::'-■-/ u
SAN JOSE WANTS STOCKMEN
TO VISIT GARDEN CITY
Chamber of Commerce Offers to Raise
$8000 to Secure Cattlemen's
Convention.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 13.— The Chamber
of Commerce to-night decided to ex
tend an invitation to the National
Livestock Association, which meets in
Denver next month, to hold their con
vention in this city in 1905. Charles
\V- Coe, a rich stockman of this city,
was elected a delegate to the .Denver
convention. He was directed to extend
the invitation to the stockmen on be
half-of! San Jose.
The Chamber of Commerce has of
fered to raise $8000 to help 'defray the
expenses of the convention . if the in
vitation is accepted.' ■
LOUIS. WAGNER DIES SUDDENLY.—
Louis Wagner, , a v butcher employed by the
Western Meat died suddenly last
Monday night In his room at 567 Sixth street
Hewlett his work .last Saturday and went to
his room, complaining of pains In the stomach
and cheat He rested on Sunday and Monday
and ' early I yesterday ■ morning ha was found
dead In his bed. He was a native of Ger
many, 64 years ; old ' and a widower.
VERDICT FOR DEFENSE.— United States
Circuit Judge Hunt •yesterday 'Instructed the
Jury to : brlnK In a verdict- for 'the- defendant
in the case of Curamlng vs.- Baker & Hamilton
The instruction was . complied" with. . The suit
was brought to recover, damages for infringe
ment of patent ' on a f orse.
Do You .Want a Trunk
At. a moderate price? v One that looks
good and Is good, or a traveling set? We
have 'them all In .the -best material and
lowest prices. • Sanborn, Vail & Co,, 741
Market street. Open. evenings. •
miles. 29 :3S 4-5; thirty-two miles. 30:38 3-5:
thirty-three miles, 31:38 3-5; thirty-four miles.
32:37 3-5; thirty-five miles, 33:38 3-5; thirty
six miles, 34:30 3-5; thirty-seven miles.
35;35 3-6; thirty-eight miles. 36:31; thirty-nine
miles, 37:33; forty miles. 38:313-5; forty-on«i
I 7 V AD VERTISESH^rrS.
FR3FESSIQNAL CLOJSKER — Fhone, South 1045.
San Francisco Office -224 Parrott Buildlng(Flfth F!oor)8 >5 Market St.
Oakland Branch-Room 8, "Hawthorne," 1I55J* Washington St.
Oh, I'm a lobster, am I? Don't know a racehorse from a blllygoat? Have
as much chance of picking a winner at a long price as you'd ha\'e picking
fleas with boxing gloves? What's that? Oh. me. oh my! Wow! Wow! I'd like
a Photograph this morning of some of you weak-kneed babies tj at
g f V i e my messa S e the go-by yesterday, because I happened to pick a couple
or losers last week. Didn't I tell you I'd put a crimp In the bankrolls of
those Oakland bookmakers? My ad. gave fair warning yesterday morning.
It said: "To-day I'll give you a screamer!" And I did! And about 370
of my weekly subscribers, who had the message, from Golden Gate to
Olneyvllle. R. I., made a "clean-up." Haven't heard from all quarters yet.
but I do know that at least two local poolrooms had to suspend yesterday
after my One-Best-Bet landed. Some of the others probably feel about
as healthy this morning as Young Corbett did the morning after his bout
with Xelson.
Yesterday My
Hill" OTOT S3FT 111 AC
lag"""llS !a \ 1 "ffp (Affix
Uhl DCOI OLi WHO
7
i : : . 1
Now FAT wasn't handed out by me in any "milky-washy" way. I had
an ace in the hole, and I KNEW I had the ace; and I Just did tell all my
loyal followers to set it In FOR KEEPS on Fayey. dear!
What My One-Horse-Wire Said:
"THE OXE-BEST-BET OP TILE DAY IS FAY TEJIPLETOX.
■ ; '~; '.■-■- '■'■•■■■■■.■
"FAT TEMPLETON has been readied up for a killing, and to-day is
the day she will be sent after the coon-skins. Loves the mud and has
the speed of this party. From what I know I call her a 1 to 3 shot, and
IF YOU EVER STOOD A TAP IN YOUR LIFE, DO SO TO-DAY!
"This is a spot to sei.lt In and keep setting It in, so long as the book-
makers keep laying a price against her!
"I got 15 to 1 for $500 In Hot Springs by telegraph last night and I
know several other good stiff bets that have been sent in other directions.
No mistakes will be made. Keep the information about FAY TEMPLE-
TON religiously secret and make a clean-up! ONLY AN ACCIDENT CAN
STOP HER!" : ';;
Fay Templeton Beaten Twenty Lengths
Last Time She Started
Here's the "dope" on Fay Terapleton. She was 100 to 1 last time she
started, and was beaten ofT. The time before she finished "nowhere" also.
She was a natural 20 to 1 shot yesterday. .>.'•'-&
7546. Oak., Dec. 10— Tt slow. 6 f. Purge. 7527. Oak., Dec. 7— Tr.fst. Ft. crse. mU.
Op. Cl. Horse. Wt. Jock. St. V, % Fin Op. Cl. Hotse.Wt. Jockk St. H «i Fin
6 5Tada 105(WDvs). .2 2 % 11%!% 3-5 4-5 Gin Bckl0r,(WDva)4 1 % tl lm
8-53-2Sea Alrl00(\VKnp)l I n 2^-2n 7 7 Ara 112 (Bullnin).7 6 145 1U2H
8-5 2 Hoollgn 102 (L.Ftn)3 3 n 3h 3 2% 12 13 Velna 10O (Trvrs).3 2 1 2 2 3 5
4 r» I> Crlna 110(Lr»n).6 6 2 6 1^4 7 5 SB Rayon HS(Lrsa)l 3 n 4 n 4 >i
BO 100 Gldn Idol 105(Dly)7 7 20 6 2 5 10 15 20 The GdflylO5(Grfd)5 4 1 6 Vi 5 1
50 lOOTTinpltn 102(MLn)4 4 1%4 5 6 3 20 30 Brskin 108(Mch!s>.» 7 4 78 6 4
fiO 200 PrlWtrs 107(Vcky)5 5 2 7 20 7 30 20 23 T Tmpltn 100<MLn2 5 4 3 1147«
5O2COP.L,yneh 102(Lnch)3 S 8 8 30 40 RSwpvke 105(Knp)S 8 S ' 8
Stan good; won all driving. Time, Start good; won hard drive of 3. Time.
1:1H%. Fay Templeton finished sixth, 1:11%. Fay Templeton finished next to
beaten twenty lengths. laat, beaten eleven lengths.
Maybe I'm a racing tenderfoot and a bookmaker's "come-on" — maybe!
Maybe I'm just dumping my good money Into newspaper advertising be-
cause I'm foolish — maybe! Maybe I'm a daffyhouse in boots — maybe!
Well, here's some more of my card yesterday that might Interest a
PIKER or two.
Yesterday my other "Specials,".
GIVEN FOR A PLUNGE TO WIN :
BOB RAGON, 5 to 2, Won
BOB RAGON won. on the bitsky. My message said:
"NEXT BEST BET, BOB RAGON. BOB RAGON Is an Immortal
cinch, bar bad ride only. Is much the best on class and fitness and should
have no- difficulty whatever In winning. PLUNGE TO WIN!"
INSPECTOR MUNRO, 7 to I, 2d
The INSPECTOR got beaten * snute. My message said:
"NEXT BEST BET OF THE DAY. INSPECTOR MUNRO. INSPEC-
TOR MUNRO was not shown up until his last race, which he won gallop-
Ing. He Is at least 10 pounds better than rated; likes the mud. Should
come home on the bit. Figures Just as good as WHOA BILL would her©.
Go as far as you like.
SERENITY, 5 ti I, 2d
. My wire said of SERENITY: ~
"NEXT BEST BET. SERENITY. SERENITY Is my advertised
'Sleeper* No. 2. Has only a bunch of pigs to beat. The boy went to sleep
on him In his last two races. Has speed to burn. Is fit as a fiddle. Bet
the works on SERENITY to win!"
Plenty of 5 to 2 was laid against INSPECTOR MUNRO for the place
and all the 2 to 1 you wanted against SERENITY for the place. A $20
play straight and place on my four "babies" yesterday netted $283 clear
profit.
-This May Be News to You!
My message Isn't Issued at either of my offlces until noon. It Is not
peddled on the streets, and I have no agents.
I DON'T HANDLE ACCOUNTS OR PLACE COMMISSIONS. I'm an
"info" merchant, strictly. •
I don't want anybody for a client that will come around next morning
and BELLY-ACHE if I happen to hand out a couple of consecutive losers
I'm not dealing for pikers. Nor for suckers, either.
You are a piker If you can't afford to lose a bet. and a sucker If you
think the one I name as my, one-best-bet dally HAS GOT TO WIN every
day, bar accident.
And you're both if you raise the long yell and think you're being hum-
bugged If I don't hand you out a winning long-shot every day I'm
picking WINNERS, whatever the price, and I never shoot at the moon
My "clock" is my mentor, and when that points to a "long-one" you get it—
not before.
To-day's good thing is a peacherino, at about 4 to 1. LOOKS LIKE HF
CAN'T TOSS IT OFF! The signal man has hung out the "all right" siVn
and there are no obstructions on the track. He's about half an hour th»»
best, and should come home on the chin-strap! "Bet the parlor cart>*»t»"
my message will read on this one: "Never saw a bigger cinch in my life!**
..r. Possibly you'd like a slice of him this afternoon. If so. come and see
"General Jack" and bring the necessary.. And don't come a minute before
noon. Doors closed until then. . No more "shifts InUhe cut" for mine
Since opening my Bureau I have learned to wait for the last vrariLanA
that's for YOUR benefit. Hope you appreciate the significance
Terms, S 2 Daily; s 10 Weekly
m!l«», 39:30; forty-two miles. 40:29: forty
three miles, 41:29; forty-four miles. 42:23:
forty-five miles. 43:29; forty-six miles
44:23 3-5; forty-seven miles. 45:29 3-3; forty
eijtht mites. 46:31 1-5; forty-nine mlies,
47:38 1-5; fifty miles. 48:30 1-5.LINER GAELIC LEAVES THIS PORT FOR LAST TIME
If Not Sold at Hongkong
Steamship Will Return,
to Home Port in England
C03IPLETES TWENTY
'. YEARS OF SERVICE
Starts on Ninety - Fourth
Voyage With the Largest
Cargo She Ever Carried
The Occidental and Orientnl Steam
ehip Company's liner Gaelic, looking
as hsjnSsome as on the day she started
on her first voyage across the Pacific
twenty years ago, sailed yesterday for
the Orient on her ninety-fourth and
last voyage. She has made her last
appearance in this port as an O. and O.
liner. "Whether or not she ever enters
the Golden Gate ajrain depends upon
vrtial happens to her at Hongkong.
The famous old liner is for sale, and
if she changes owners in the Orient the
fortunes of trade may brim? her back.
If ehe returns to England, she will more
than likely be placed in honorable re
tirement and maintained as an ex
ample of careful living and faithful
service for the benefit of the giddy
leviathans now carrying the world's
commerce.
Sailing on the l*th of the month and
carrying thirteen cabin passengers
might disturb some eailormen, but no
body on the Gaelic seemed to be op
pressed yesterday by any superstitious
dread.
""VVot's thirteen?" asked a grizzled
Quartermaster; "writ's Friday for that
matter, or rats leavin', w'en you 'ave a
boat as is lucky as the Gaelic Wy,
■we've carried more missionaries than
any other packet on the bloomin'
hocean, an* we hain't never missed a
Bailln* day. Thirteen ain't the best
o' numbers, and Friday ain't Jack's
favorite day, but *oly Joes is the worst
luck afloat and we's carried 'em by the
dozens. Aye, aye, sir. All clear."
In addition to her thirteen cabin pas
sengers the Gaelic carried about 150
Asiatics and nearly 4000 tons of cargo.
She carried a large shipment of treas
ure for Japan. Her cabin passengers
vrere:
For Yokohama — George V. -la Farce, R.
Pinch.
Nagasaki — H_ F. Tcverscn.
Manila — M. J. Beds 11. J. M. Clarens. Miss
Grace A, Coulter. Mrs. James Fr»dricison.
Mrs. XT. O. Mclntlr*. Miss Syrena UcKee. H.
H. Sherrard.
Hoaskcng — Stanley Amstwry, Mrs. Doris
Ellis. A. MacKillcr.
♦
Another Cruise on the Fortune.
Ensign John J. Foley, late of the regular
cavy and new of the navel militia and at
tachefi to the {raininjj ship Marion, will not
long esjoy the fliftlnction of bfing the only
r*ally truly sailcrman ct the Marion's after
fni£.rd. Uncle Sam has taken a hand as school
master for the others and they are making
rrgrujar trips on the navy tug Fortune for
the purpose o* receiving practical Instruction.
The Fortune. Ensign Woods of th# navy tn
command. *»ill make another trip to-day.
Nautical txpen J. T. McMillan of the hydro
jrr&pnic office will be there as Instructor, and
among the i>uplls will b* Captain Bauer and
his trusty lieutenants. Captain Bauer Is prob
ably the most enthusiastic and versatile navy
militiaman in the country. He has won dis
tinction both in the naval and military arm
Of citizen service and ha? as many uniforms
and four mere medals than Admiral D«wey.
An Earthquake at Sea.
*japta:n "i.:a?t it. person o: me scnooner
Slary IZ. Russ has reported to the branch
bydrogr£.ph:c office of the navy at the Mer
cfr&ats' Exchange that at midnight on Decem
ber :{. in latitude 40.15 north and longitude
120.51 west, his vessel was violently Fhaken
by a submarine disturbance. The quaking ccn
tinued for half a minute. Up aloft spars,
biocka and everything loose rattled noifil>
and below decks the nois^ was terrifying.
»
Overdue Vessels Reach Port.
The German ship Neck ana the British bark
Vertura. both on the overdue list, were re
ported yesterday rafe at their destinations.
TKe- Neck, which wts ',■ v t» a at 13 per cent.
It et Port Townsend, from Yokohama, and the
Ventura, a 10 per center, is at Sydney. The
other vessel* on the overdue list are quoted
for reinsurance as follows: Pitcalrr. Island,
23 per cent; Stork. 70 per cent; Edith Mary,
78 per cert, and Brier Holme, SO per cent.
»
John I jia Makes Smart Kun.
The American ehlp John Ena is making
record time on her voyage freni Philadelphia
for Shanghai. She has been reported as hav
ing raesed Wilson Promontory on the Aus
tralian coait November <>. or eighty-eight day*
after leaving Philadelphia. Tills U the b*-st
time on record in many years for a run of
that distance.
♦
Water Front Notes.
The Bt^^rnshlp Ellerle. which has been char
tered ty the Pacific Mail Company, will be
her* about December lf<. She will earn' only
overland freieht and for Japanese ports ex
chjFivdj".
The Pacific Mail people were surprised to
learn of the freighter Aztec's arrival at Hon
olulu and official brains are trying to solve
the rr.yttery of what Captain Frailer was doing
nearly 1O0O miles out of his course.
Captain Baraeson. lather of Captain John
Barneson, Is In command of the eh!p Drum
craig. whirh will sail shortly for Sydney.
Captain Barnwon Er. retired from the s*a
*ame time ago, but soon found hlmrelf restless
for the old life. When the opportunity to
take the Drumcraig offered Captain Barneson
Jumped at It and In the Joy of preparing lor
another voyage is growing younger every day.
The French hark Bourbakl, which arrived
at Port Towcf*nd Dceraber 10 from Hong-
Bro?. in ballast, railed yesterday for Sydney
Heeds for order*.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamers San
&!*teo and Costa Uica will soon leave for the
Central American ooast on coffee tramping
cruise*. ■ '. 'i-
Representatives of marine insurance cotn
rsr.ies have made a survey of the steamer M.
F. Plant, whirh arrived Saturday from Phil
adelphia. They found the boat In good con
dition.
Admiral Ijouls KerapfT and TTnite.i States
Irrpector* Dolan and Guthrie yesterday ln
«r>ected the steam schooners Iaqua and Na
varro and the Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Ventura. The crews were given fire and
boat drill and all gear was carefully ex
amined.
JfEWS OF TJIE OCEAX.
The barks Andrew Welch and Mohican will
load cenerel cargo here for Honolulu.
Lumber for Australia.
Th« British bark Ilo«e wai cleared for Fre
mantle, Australia, with 621^53 ft lumber and
203 doors, vajned at SZ2.S1S.
Exports by the Gaelic.
Th* I3ritit.li steemer Garlic sailed yesterday
for Hongl-ionx and way -ivirts via Honolulu
with e gentrel :nfrrh»n<S*e cargo, valued at
$£•1,235. exclusive of tr*as:re, and ti be <Jis
;:.: .-•-• as follows: r.->r Juj^n. $240,£>4:
_• ■ .
TO ADVEKTISEKS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after G
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M. .
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
China. $82,439; Phllllpine Islands, $7.1,136,
liast Indle.«. #4141; Korea, $603. The following
were the leading exports:
To Japan — 13y4 be.les 14 cs leather, 290
flasks quicksilver. 4310 kegs nails. 1450 bales
cotton. 204.700 lbs tin plate. 40.000 lbs spelter.
8545 lbs crude rubber. 107 pkgs machinery.
80<i bxs scar>, 45 cs boots and shoes. 15(10 Ib*
caseara, 13.4 i'J lbs metal. 4 pUgs electrical
supplies, 10 cs brass tubfs. 57 pkgs drugs and
9undt:?s. <jl pkgs bi< ycles and sundries, eft
pkgs bulloing marerial. »(3 pkgs dry goods. 7
btiis steel riate?, 3 cs rope, 1502 bhls flour.
27.915 ibs sugar. 12E0 gals I" cs wine, 128 cs
canned goods. KiZS lbs 10 bss raisins. 250O lbs
dried fruit. 2S25 lbs ham and bacon, S7 cs
table CCS lbs lard, 39 pkgs Iresa
fruits, 20 cs codfish, 280 lbs ch*ese, 208 pkgs
groceries and provisions.
To China— 2523 bbls flour. 225.CCO lbs su^ar,
12,23$ lbs cheese. 10.425 lbs pearl barley. (2)S'J
lbs him and baccn. 143 cs assorted conned
roods. JL'.'i cs canned salmon. 2731 lbs beans.
14 os ealad oil. 20 ptgrs fresh fruits. 27 cs
table jTeparatlons, POO lbs codfish. 600 lbs dried |
fruH 7 cs honey. 231 r^BS groceries and pro
visions. €S71 lbs erinsenc, 15.3C0 lbs tobacco,
50 cs cigarfttes, 10 cs ammunition, 32 pkga
dry goc-ds. 3 pk£s machinery, 200 bxs soap.
5 cs druj;s. v
To Philippine Inlands— 510 bbls fl4atr. 295
rals 3a" cs tvhisk>-f "5 cs brandy, 51 cs liquors.
11 cs mineral water, ?30S %s assorted canned
goods 1000 cs canned salmrn. 1000 cask.s 360
bMs b^r. <5O5«J lbs tarn. 720S lbs beans, 2S0O
lbs brvad 2fX> crts potatoes. 7516 lbs meals.
200C lbs codfish. 510 lbs susrar. 142 cs table
preparations. 401 bales hay. t>!2 pkgs fresh
fruits "V> c.« baking powder. 10 cs honey. 60 cs
syrup, 74 kess pickles. 41S lbs dried fruit.
1089 lbs dried I>tas. 99 pkgs machinery. 57
pkgs rubbfr g>v>ds. IS pkgs dry goods, 37 pkgb
electrical supplies, 87 cs boots and shoes, 26
pkss drugs and sundries, 22 pkgs paints. 12«7
bd!s paper, 6 bdls oars, 18 bales paper bags.
1 bbl S cs lubricatire oil. 6 cs candles. 100
bxu soan 10 cs hose, 0 bars 1 bdl iron. 4
pkss wason material. 4 pkgs agricultural Im
plements, 1 cs trms and ammunition.
To Kast InJles — 151 cs canned salmon, 75
cs canned fruit. 50 cs table pr-paratlons, 5 cs
codfish, S-T coils rope, 3 cs rubber goods, S
pkrs wagen material.
To Korea — 1& <-s canned fruit. 275 lbs dried
fruit, 63 cs tabi* preparations, 630 lbs raisins,
2 pk<fs wagon material.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, December 13.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Watson, 112 hours from
Nanaimo.
Ger Etmr Menes, Kutrelmacher, 3 days IS
hours from Port HadTbck. put in to finish '.oad-
Ir.s. ' . '
Navarro, Jacobs, 52 hours from San
Pedro.
Schr J. H. Lunsmann, Anderson, 13 days
from Port Blakeley.
Schr Okanogan. Reid. 10 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Henry Wilson. Johnson, 10 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Br Btmr Gaelic. Finch, Yokohama and Hong
kong, via Honolulu: O & Q S S Co.
Stmr Nevadan, Greene. Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond & Co.
Br bark Rose. Wright, Fremantle; the
Charles Nelson Co. •
SAILED.
Wednesday, December 13.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch, Hongkong, via Hon
olulu and Yokohama.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Monterey, etc.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nicolson. San Pedro. V
Stmr Whittler. Dick*on, Portland twith bktn
Fullerton in tow).
Ftmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria,
fitmr Nevadan. Greene, Honolulu.
Ship Elwell, Wester, Eureka.
Stmr Mandalay. Smith, Crescent City.
Ftmr 3an Pedro. Rasmusaen, Eureka.
Bktn Fullerton. MacKechnle, Portland (In
tow of stmr Whittler). .
Schr Alpha, Jensen. Wlllapa Harbor.
Fchr Halcyon. McDonald, Grays Harbor.
Frhr Manila. Roee, Port Gamble.
Schr Virginia, Niolson. Portland.
SPOKEN.
Nov 1C — In lat 6 N long 28 W, Ger bark
Tltania, from Lelth, for Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 13, 10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles^per Hour.
DOMESTIC, PORTS.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr Vanguard,
hence Dec 11.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 13— Stmr George W.
Elder, lor San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 13 — Schr Americana, from San
Pedro.
bailed Dec 13— Stmr Northland, for San
Francisco.
EANDON— Arrived Dec 13 — Etmr Elizabeth,
hence D«c 10.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Dec 13— Stmr
Bonita. for San Francisco.
Arrived Iv>c 13 — US Btmr Daniel Manning,
from Ken Di»eo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Doc 13 — Stmr Montara,
hence Dec 3. s
Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr DIrlgo, from Skagway.
Sailed V>cc. 13. 11:15 a. m. — Stmr Ramona,
for Skagway: at noon, Jap stmr Iyo Maru. for
China and Jar.sn.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Dec 13 — Br
ehlp Clan Graham, hence Nov i>0. Inward Dec
lo— Schr William H. Smith, heace Dec 7.
Sailed Dec 13— Fr bark Bourbakt, for Syd
ney Head*, for orders.
Arrived Df-c 13 — Ger ehlo Neck, from Yo
kohama.
Pasiwd out Dec 13 — Fr bark Edouard De- :
taille. for Oueenstown.
Passed Sn D»-c 13 — Schr Taurus, from San
Prfm, for Port Gamble.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Dec 13— Schr Tau
rus, from Pan Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 13— Fr bark Edouard '
Detaille. for Queenftown; Fr ship Amiral Ce-
I cllle, for Queenetown.
J Sailed Dec 13 — Bark Edward May, for Kahu
lul.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Dec 12— Stmr
I Centralla hence Dec 8; echr Bangor, from San
; Diego. Dec 13 — Stmr Prentiss. hence Dec 10;
rtmr Chehalls. hence Dec 10; schr Sophie Chris
. tcrson. from Santa Rosalia.
1 TA TOOSH— Passed Dec 13 — Stmr City of
I Pucbla. hence Dec 11. for Victoria; Ger ehlp
! Neck, from Yokohama, for Port Townsend,; Br
i ship Madagascar, hence Dec 7, for Fort Town-
Passed in Dee 13 — Schr Meteor, from San
Pedro, for Port Hadlock: Passed out Dec 13 —
Schr Golde-n Shore, from Port Discovery, for
Santa Rosalia. • -
REDONDO — Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr Coronado,
from Grays Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Deo 13 — Echr
Bangor, from San Diego.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed Dee 13 — Schr Azalea,
lor Eureka: rtmr Acme, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr Santa Cruz, from
Port Harford. .
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA— Arrived Dec 7— Br ttmr Forest
Dale from Java. | r ......
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 13— Bark Olympic,
r "afled Dec 13 — Stmr Aztec, for Yokohama.
MAHUKONA — Arrived Dec 13 — Schr De
fender, hence Nov 26.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 13 — Br stmr Bag
ami, from Manila.
, FOREIGN PORTS.
CUXHAVEN— Arrived Nov 30— Ger stmr
Ramses, hence Auk I2.>«*«S^BBBB
LISBON — Arrived Dec 8 — Span stmr AJ1
cante. from Manila.
PORT SAID — Arrived Dec 10— Br stmr In
drapura, from New York, for Manila.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1904
SHIP JOHN EXA, WHICH IS MAK-*
ING FAST TIME FROM PHILA
DELPHIA TO SHANGHAI.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed Dee 10— Br »hip
Dunsyre, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
CAPE TOWN^-Salled Dec 8— Br ship Troop,
for Delaware Breakwater.
CORON EL— Arrived Deo 12— Stmr Califor
nlan, hence Nov '20, and called Dec 13 for
New York.
CALLAO — Arrived Dec 12 — U S Btmr Mar
blehead. from Panama.
Sailed Dec 13 — Ger stmr Amasls, for San
Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived Deo 13— Br Btmr
Doric, hence Nov 9.
SYDNEY— Arrived Dec 13 — Fr bark Ventura,
from Port Townacnd.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr
Fri^sland, from Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr . Sla
vonia. from Trieste, etc., for New York, re
ported by wireless.
Sailed Dec 13 — Stmr Hanover, Galveston;
stmr Kaiser Wilhelm II, Bremen, via Ply
mouth and Cherbourg; stmr Ultonia, from Na
ples: stmr Bovlc, from Liverpool.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Dec 13— Stmr Princees
Irene, from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
■ MOVILLE — Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr Furnessla.
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior Dec 13— Stmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver, for Hong
kour. ■ i
Memoranda
LONDON. Dec. 13.— Maassluls telegraphs
that the Br simr>>anfa. from Tacoma. for Liv
erpool, grounded, but will probably float next
tide. ■ \
♦
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE^
Steamer. From. J Due.
Czarina Coo« Bay Dec. 14
Del None Crracent City Dec. 14
Cha*. Nelson.. San Pedro Dec. 11
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Dec. 11
Minnesota.... Norfolk via Corontl Dec. 11
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Dec. 11
Northland Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 11
Bonita...." Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 11
F. A. Kilburn. Portland & Coos Bay. Dec. 14
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Dtc. 11
S. Barbara... Grays Harbor Dec. 14
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 14
Breakwater... Coos Bay IDec. 15
Arcata Coos Bay |Dec. 15
Santa Rosa.. Ban Diego & Way Pts.lDec. 15
Point Arena.". Mendocino & Ft. Arena'Dec. 15
Argo Eel River Ports IDsc. 15
d. W. Elder.. Portland- & Astoria Dec. 15
Elizabeth Coqftille River Dec. 15
Redondo Portland & Astoria Dec. 15
Pomona Humbnklt Dec. 16
City Peking... New York via Ancon.. Dec. 16
Mongolia China & Japan Dec. 16
Chlco Coquille River Dec. 10
Vanguard Humboldt Dec. 16
S.Monica Grays Harbor Dec. 17
M. S. Dollar. . China &. Japan IDec. 17
Queen Pu<j»t Sound Port3 IDec. 17
Eureka Humboldt ! Dec. 17
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.|Dec. IS
Arctic Humboldt IDec. 18
Centralla Grays Harbor Dec. 19
Corona Humboldt IDec. 19
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 19
Columbia Portland & Astoria. ... Dec. 20
San Jose New York via Ancon.. Dec. 21
Aurella Portland & Astoria. .... Dec. 21
Neko Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 21
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports Dec. 22
North Fork. . . Humboldt Dec. 22
Marlposa Tahiti Dec. 23
A nuWp. ..'.... Hamburg & Way PortslDec, 21
TO SAIL. , ______
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier. -
December 14. |
C. Nelson... -Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 20
Homer Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Astoria & Portland 9 am Pier 2
Northland... Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 27
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 9 amlPler 2
S. Barbara.. Los Angeles Ports. .2 pmlPier 2
December 15. (' |
Rainier..'... Seattle * Bllinghml 4 pm'Pier 10
Corona Humboldt |l:30p|Pler 0
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. I 0 amiPler 11
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion! 6 pmlPler 2
G. Dollar. . . ' Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 20
Newburg (Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
G. Llndauer- Grays Harbor ;. Pier —
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
December 16. A
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPler -9
Jeanle Seattle k. Tacoma. 5 pm! Pier 20
December 17. I
Breakwater. Cooe Bay direct... 5 pmtPler 8
Point Arena. P«Int Arena 4 pmlPler 2
Argo Eel River Torts. .. 4 pmlPlcr 2
Arrata Coos Bay direct. .. 10 amlPler 13
Bonita Newport & Way. .J 9 am Pier 11
Menes Hamburg & Way. 10 am Pier 19
San Mateo.. Cent. Amer. Ports. 12 m Pier 40
N. Fork Humboldt 0 am Pier 20
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Newport JT Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
F. Kilburn.. Portland & Way Pier 27
Elizabeth... Coquille River 5 pm Pier 20
Vanguard.. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 27
P. Monica. . . Los Angeles Ports 10 am Pier 2
December 18. |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Pomona Humboldt :... 1:30 p Pier 9
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
December 21. |-
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 amtPier 9
Coos Bay... San Pedro * Way. 0 amlPler 11
December 23.
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
December 23.
Columbia. . . Astoria & ■ Portland 11 am Pier 24
Sequoia Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 20
December 84. . | ♦ I
City Peking- China & Japan |12 m) Pier 40
~' : ~FROM SEATTLE. " ~~
, Steamer. Destination. Saile.
Farallon...... -Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 11
Alkl Skagway & Way Ports. Dee. 15
Banta Clara. . • Seldovia & .Way ■ Ports. Dec. 16
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec." 17
.Jefferson...... Skagway ;&■ Way Ports. Dec.~ 19
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec. 13—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 30-1 S| New York . . .1 . . .36-21
Chicago 28-22! Philadelphia
Cincinnati 32-20 Plttsburg 32-22 ,
Honolulu 7S-68jSt. Louis .10-12*
Jacksonville ..* (Washington 30- IS ;
New Orleans ....54-t'-i I
SAN FRANCISCO... 60-46 t
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to ;
date, as compared with those of the same '
dAte last season and rainfall in the .last
twenty-four hours: j
Last This Last f
Stations — 24 hours. Seas->n. Season. ,
EureKa 0.10 11.07 14.4:1 I
Red Bluff 0.10 11.51) S.4» !
Sacramento Trace 7.S8 3.70 !
San Francisco 0.00 9.00 • 1.54
Frtsno O.00 6. OH 0.63
Independence O.OO . 0.45 0.42 !
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 4.73 0.60 '
Let Angeles O.OO 1.43 0.43 i
San Diego 0.00 0.23 0.40 •
THE COAST RECORD. j
e -"k a a a • -a
i ■ iiff .ji if I
STATIONS. f ||S|-.|| ?- =
: | e ! : .■§
b • a ;» '
Baker 30?24 36 30 SW Cloudy Tl2
Ccrson 30.21 52 41 E Cloudy .00
Eureka SO. 40 56 54 W Cloudy .10
Fresno 30. 30 50 44 SE Cloudy .00
S E. Farallon.30.3« 57 55 N\V Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff :;0.C(5 44 24 » SW Pt.Cldy .CO
Pocatello 30.14 32 20 E Snow .14
Ir.c'tpendence .30.22 5S £6 E Clear .00
Lot Angeles ..30.14 71 42 SW Cl«ar .00
Mt. TamaIpals\:tO.3S 50 43 NW Fog .00
North Head ..30.28 52 46 SW Cloudy .10
Phoenix 30.12 61 . 3S SW Clear .00
Point Reyes ..30.30 5G 5.1 NW Cloudy .0»
Portland 30.30 52 ii SW Clcurty .16
Red Bluff .... 10.38 > 52^46^- X Cloudy .10
Rosebu rg •. 30 . :« 52 • 46 N E Rain \ . 3S
Sttrnmento . .30.3« 52 ,41 NE Cloudy' T.
San Francisco. 30. 38 00 40 W Clear* T.
S L. Obispo ..30.30 «r2 48 N Pt.Cldy .00
Ran Diego ....30.12 66 50 NW Clear .00
Seattle j 30.21 52 44 SE Cloudy .22
Spokane .'.O.ltl 3(5 32 SW Cloudy .Cfi
Tt toosh 30.18 50 41 W Cloudy .38
Walla Walla. .30.20 48 34 S Pt.Cldy .10
Wlnnemucca ..30.2S 44 32 SW Rain .26
Yi-ma 30.12 72 3S N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST,
The pressure has risen over the Pacific Coast.
Ciear weather prevails generally In California
with tule fog in the valleys.
Rain Is falling in Northern Nevada and It
is snowing In Southern Idaho.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 14:
California, north of Tehaghapl — Fair Wed
nesday: light northeast winds.
California, south of Tehachapi — Cloudy Wed
nesday; fresh north winds, changing to south
erly.
Nevada — Cloudy, cooler Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednes
day, light east winds.
I^os Angeles antf vicinity — Cloudy, cooler
Wednesday; fresh north winds, changing tc
southerly.
Sacramento — Fatr Wednesday, with fog in
the morning: light north-winds.
Fresno— Cloudy Wednesday, with fog In the
morning; light north winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
v^ ; ; — *
Sun, Moon nntl Tide.
Lnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published. by official authority of th«
. " Superintendent.
N0TI3 — The high and low wawrs occur at
the city front fMlwlon-etreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the came at both places.
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 14.
Sun rises ..i 7:17
Pun «cts .- 4 :52
Moon gets (first quarter), 0:00 a. m.
W Time] Time! . Time Time
& Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W| L W| H W L W)
14 I 5:30 5.0111:37 2.8 5:0f) 3.3 fo756 1L6
15 I 6:12 5.2112:35 2.4 6:12 3.2 11:50 1.9
10 I 6:51 5.2) 1:27 1.0 7:30 3.5
|L \V |H W L W II W
17 0:3S 2.2 7:30 5.3 2:07 1.6 8:31 3.3
IS 1:25 2.4 8:05 5.3 2:47 0.8 9:31 3.7
19 2:001 2.6 8:37 6.5 3:27 0.2|10:22 4.0
NOTE — In the above 'exposition O f the tides
the early morning I tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day lii the order of\occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TMme Ball.'
Branch Hydrogra;hlc Office. U. 8. N. Mer
chants' . Exchange, San Franclaco,' CaL,
December 13. 1904. .
The Time Ball on the tower of the 'Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. e..' lit noon of the 120th meridian, or at" 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT, *
Lieutenaqj. 1J. S. N., In charge.
In an ordinary whitp shirt there are
r.o fewer than 21,000 stitches.
I COOR BOOKS. -g
S Owing to the unusual demand g
j on the part of our subscribers »
8 for THE CALL'S Premium Cook «
•fi Book it has r been necessary to S
O ortler an .additional .supply. O
S These: books are expected about Q
S the 15th inst;, on and after «
8 which date they will be at the S
§ dLsposal of our patrons at the g
« very low price of 50c. w
« To subscribers receiving their 8
S paper; by mail' there will be an o
Q additional charge of 25c to pre- S
8 pay expressage. \V e also have 8
8 on hand a few, copies of "Wild 8
g Animals I Have Met,'l thor- S
X oughly descriptive of the vf hvle g
« animal kingdom, on the same «
8 terms. Order now, as our sup- 8
8 ply is limited. «
CHRISTHRS
* , m JK ■ ■ a,. ■ ■
OUT DECEMBER 15
Will contain the following interesting stories
and features :
TWENTY-FOUR PACES OF APPROPRIATE
STORIES AND PICTURES
"Last Christmas of the Confederacy."
Mrs. Burton Harrison.
"The Madonna of the Tules."
By Martha Tustin Patton (Fifty Dollar Prize
Story). - '
"Henny"—Jl Christmas Story. .
By Amelie Rives.
"When History Repeated."
By Ina Wright Hanson. V *
"The Hold'Up at Mirabel."
By Madge Morris.
"The Oil on Blodgett's Farm."
By Kathryn Jarboe.
Poster Picture— "The Old Time
y^nnszmas LJinnar.
"Three Inches of Snow."
B^ John Strange Winter. .;
"A Christmas Tree.""
By Charles Tenny Jackson. /
"Doc Wilson's Christmas Pudding."
( By A. D. McMillan.
Book Page.
By Robert W. Ritchie.
Theaters for the Holidays.
With portraits of actresses playing here during
Music Page.
Full Page Head— Typical California
By R. W. Borough.
"Double Harness" — (5ih installment).
By Anthony Hope..,
"Jottings of Old him Jucklin."
By Opie Read. -
"On and Off the Bread Wagon."
By Charles Dryden.
"Fables for the Foolish."
By Nicholas Neme.
"The Knack of Dressing Cheaply "
By Madge Moore.
"First Jlid to Gas Victims."
Comic Supplement.
Puzzle Page.
Full Page Picture— "The Mistletoe
Girt."
. Announcement of the Colored Art Supplement else-
where.
A rare literary and artistic treat.
PRICE, U psr copy— : Ma!l It to pf Eastern Friends.
For Sale by All Agents and Newsdealers.
FAIR GOLFERS
ON THE LINKS
Though many ladles were at the
San Francisco Golf Club house at the
Presidio yesterday mornlrjR. only four
handeM In their cards In the 18-hole
handicap against "bogey" set down on
the schedule of the women's annex.
Mrs.' Leroy Nickel and Miss Florence
Ives tied with 5 down. In the play-off
Mrs.'Nickel was 3 down and Miss Ivea
5 down. Mrs. Nickel accordingly cap
tured the silver loving cup offered as
a prize. The details are shown in the
table:
COMPETITORS. | Handicap. 1 Score.
Ml«s Florence Ives.'.j 0 strokes 5 down
Mrs. Leroy Nickel....) 14 strokes 5 down
Mrs. W. G. Miller.. 2 strokes 6 down
Mr*. Porter I 1« strokes 12 down
Many ladies accompanied the fair
competitors round the links.
The match between Worthlngton
Ame&and R. G. Hanford in the semi
final round of the men's handicap has
not yet been played. The winner will
play R. I. Bentley in the final round.
WASHINGTON PARK OFFICERS
PREPARING FOR RACING
Announce That Stake Book With
American Derby and Other Events
• Will Be Issued Shortly.
CHICAGO, Dec. 13. — "Washington
Park" racetrack's stake book, with full
announcement of stake conditions,
purses and so. on, including those of
the American Derby, will be issued
within' one week."
This positive announcement, was
made to-day by one close'. .< to
the men ruling the- southslde
club and one interested in many con
ferences which have followed the clos
ing down of the track last June. The
statement gives the impression that a
strong effort would be made to run
off the 1905 Derby./ It Is known that
at the Western Jockey , Club's recent
meeting, when racing dates were as
signed to clubs controlled by that or
ganization, Washington Park, as usual
in past years, drew the so-called
"plum" 'date*.
These range ; from June 24 to July
25 — twenty- five racing days in all. It
has been customary. In the past to run
the Derby on the opening day of the
meeting, which is always on Saturday.
Secretary Howard, -it* is announced,
will personally visit the coast and
New Orleans soliciting: entries for the
stakes. •
Cliristmas Stationery.
Beautiful boxes of stationery .that
make useful as well as" very hand3om«
Christmas ..presents; also'.lnk' stands,
desk pads . and calendars. Designs - not
shown elsewhere. Open evenings. , San-"
born, Vail &. Co., 741 Market. st. ; •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
weak Men cured
TVe have a saf*.
MlOOwwttu* />B)"£S _ SIMPLE HOME
iKI -^-»-- ft OJM J& cure and want
'43 r^sfr&zv<4r * vf ry weak or
2CB 1 £-a-~, X^mK ** U NDEVELOPED
,Mj r. , <f* L ..PJtfO man. to try it for
* iiv.<.r t> 5f tf 5 l0 da y» on "P"
4 ! [IS/^YBWeST (kJ* proval wltho-it
iWil?^^ 'ffljO char**-. Call on
JflONTME itS&S* Jtructlv* 100-paga
7»ifl«»OUanC . &£ >~ Illustrated bork.
tJwil^ytl^iTiSi S No - «• fullv tx -
t>i fcj^'gq jj JtitS m PiBB * plalnlnar our mrst
; ""*■ remarkable treat-
ment. It will rcttore the fire and VIGOR
1 of YOUTH. The only posltl\-# means known
P mm PLJ>ftCT UQETHPAL MCD*CAT|QI>J ■■illij
which will fully enlarge and completely de-
velop the organs, used with our Soluble Cray-
ons quickly cures all drains and discharges.
Varlcocele, Stricture. Premature Decay, En-
largement of Prostate Oland. etc. Our phy-
sicians ar« experienced specialists for MKN'
only. Vl't have the most successful home cure
In the world. CALL or WRITE TO- DAT.
Book sent SECURELY SEALED free. Hours —
9 to 9. Sundays— 10 to 1.
Yacnnm Appliance Co., *«Z"ZL«.
RAILWAY TRAVEL *■»
iCALIFORN] A LIMITED!
|ciilCAGO T |N3 DAYS!
Sj LEAVES OAILY AT83O A.M.B
cm <y 1TH-. O 1^.^£. S^1°^.'" E5PERS
Other Santa Tf Trains t
0-ao il m' i Fof Stockton. Fresno. - BaksrsfleU.
8:00 pi ml J Merced, Hanford and VIsa.Ua. . . -
4 :C0 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00/1?. m. For Kansas City. Grand Caayoa
* and Chicaeo.
Ticket omces — BU Market st. and Ferry D*pot,
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak.
land. CaL ; also 27 South 1st. San Joa*.
■ To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sauaalito Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE.' STANDARD GAUGE.
Dv part from San Francisco, dally, at t7:03
7:45. S: 25, 9:10, W.M). ll:0O a- m.; 12:SO. Is2
3:15, 4:35, 6:15. 0:50. 6:30. 7:19. 10:13 and
11:39 p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at 18:40.
7:35. 8:19, 8:50. 0:39. 10:S0 a. m.; 12:10. 1:30.
2-.S&. 4:25. 5:09. 8:42. 6:22. 6:S7. 7:40 and
11:25 p. m.
TDally except Sunday. \
Por Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
- 3:19 p. m.. Saturdays only — For Cazadero.
•tc. ... • .
8:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales, etc • ■Qfjj
TICKET OFFICE— <50 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
#Tr»la» Imt* ti4 ar» <Ta«
to arrive- ot
8AN FRANGI3CO.
f box Ocroaaa il. UOa.
Fxwrr D«p«x
(Toot cf MurSct Strest )
l.r»rK -. MAIN LINE. -AMI"'
7 00a v«c.»vi:ir. Wlnlera. liumsey 7 50*
7.00a Renlcta, Elmlra and S'tcrameato.. 7.2'J=»
7.30a Tailed Napa. Callar.osa. Saata
Kosa. Martinez. San liamoi B 20»
7 30a Nile*. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton.... 7.20»
SOOASbaata Kxpreaa— (Via Darts). /
Willtanit, Willows. tPrnto. Ked
H'.u-.V. Portlnad. Tacoma, SratU« I.SOp
8 CO* Dav««. Woo<l!aRd. Landtas.
Marye»n!e. Oro^f llle 7-50»
8-30* M*rt!arr. Antlorh. Byroa. Tracy.
StocSctoa, Kewman. Loa Baaoa,
M'niLn. Arcnnsa. Uanfurd.
VliallA. "jnerTine «.20»»
8 50> Port Coata, Modesto. Mo reed.
Frew*. O"-ii:n Jaaction. Uaa-
ford, VI»*!1a, Pa*cr»Qel4 4.S0»
8 30* Nlics, San Jose. Llrermflre. Stock*
t«n. (*MlIto9). tone. Sacruuientot
tlarysTtllc. Ch!co. UeJ Bluff .... 4 20»
8.33a OV«J*ir. t!hla»«e. Jameifown. So- ,^^
ror*. Tnolitmii? and AdcbI* ..... *•*?*
9 00a Atlantic Kxpre»»— Owden *nd E«at. 520»
9-SOa Richmond. Martinez and Way - __ ,
Statlona 8 50»
10 OCA The Orerland Llmtl«4 — '•triea.
Omnbft. CbtcnKO, Ucaver, Kaasaa
i io.ooavS,!^?:?::::::.:::::::::::: & 2 &
' 10.00a Lo« Ane*lea Pa»«tnjer — Port
Coala, Martinez, I'.yr >a. Tracy.
Latarnp. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Krcino. Gosh-n Juno-
t!on. Hnnforrt, L«moore, VUalla.
Bakerineld. Ix>a Ant;olea 7-20*
1?.00m nay ward. Nile* and TTsy Statioaa. 3.2C*>
1100P Sacramento rilTer Steamera tll.Ofl*
3 30P DeBtcis, \Tlntera. Bacransento,
Woodland. Knlfhtf Idkadlog.
MarTartlle. OroTllle and way
■tatfons 1Q.Su*
{ 3^CPOa/war<I.N:;eaaadWay Statlona.. 7.50»
, S S0p Port Costa, Mnrtiurz. A »roc, Tracy,
Lxtltrop, sti,fi»x M odea to,
Merced, Ilrrrrida. Fresiio and
: Vay Station* tiryotiil 1'orr. C/.«ti» 12-20»
i 4 COP Uartta«z.Saar.nrn'.-u,Vai:ejo,Na;«. *
Call*tc*:a. Santa n*»a ... 9 20*
4C0PKlle», Trtcr, atoclctoB 1020*
4 20PHayward. Nilca. Irrtattoa. Saa 1 t8.S0*
Joae. LITarmoie J Jl 1.30a
oXOpTdb Owl Llmlte4— XewmAn. ho*
Hano*. Menrioia. Fretna. falara, • ■
1 UakzoraOeld.LoaADg9lea. 8-50*
' tSJOP Hay ward. Ntie» aad dan Joa* ..... 7.2Q*
S-OOp Ilayward. Kllea and Saa Joae fc&O*
' »J)0p Eastern ExpreM— Oraaba, Chtcafro. : k -
! DtnTer. kaaias City, St. Loals,
Mirtlr<.(-z. Stockton. Sacramsa^
Col fax. Reno, Sparks. Montello,
m __ O«dea ;2.50»
f .00p Val'.ejo, dally, except Aunday.... » 7 «»_
7 0CP Vallejo, Sunday only f • *-»"^
7X0P Klchinond. San Pablo, Port Coats.
>lar:tr.ei and Way Stetloa* 11.20*
74}0p Rr no Paasenxer— fort Costa. Ba-
i nlcl.-k. Buliun. Hlm!ri. Dlxoo, .
Davis. Sacrsmentn. Sparks. Tono-
• pad. Kee'er aad W»y Statioan... 7-50*
; IX5p Oregon * California F.xprett— Sao-
ramento. Maryavilie. Redding.
Portland. Pu<ct Sonad and K»ji. 3-53*
•.TOP Bayward, Nllea and San Joae (Son- - -
day only) 11 SO*
COAST LINE (Jtarraw Uaag*).
<Koot of Muritct Street.)
•■16a Newark. CenterTlUe. Saa Jot*,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Sanu
Crns and Wey dtaUoaa 5 53»
I t21BP Newark. Ccntervllle. Saa Jota, .
New Almaiien. Lo* 0*to«,Feltoa,
! Bouldjr Cr'e-, Santa cms aad
1 Principal Way SUUoaa ftO.53*
4.1EpSew»ri, Baa Joie, Los Gatot...] $ ]§;j|^
*9 3Cp Hasten* Train (Satarday »aly>—
San Joae and Way Station* t7-25»
COAST LINE <lir»»d ba.«e).
tat" (Third and Tuwasend Streeta.)
610a San Jose and AVny Stations. 6 30»
700a 8an Jose and Way Stations ... 5.40*
S.OQa New Almadea (Tae*.. Frld.. only). 4.10<»
800a Tho Coaster — Ban Joae. Saltnaa,
Saa Ardo. PaJO Hoblea. Sanu
Marsariu. Saa Lota Obtapo,
Gaailalape, GarloU, SanU Bar-
bara, San BuenaTeatnra, Moo-
talro. Oxnard. Bar bank. Loa
Angeles . 13 -SSm
8 C3 a Gliroy. HoUlster. CaitroTine. Del
Monte, Pacific Grore, Surf, Loja-
- poo ia.3D?
9.C0A 6aa Jose. Tres Pinot.WataonTCle,
Cap! tola. 8aau Cms, Paclfl* "
Grave. Saltnaa, San Ln!a Oblipo
aad Prlnctpaj Way Stations. . M 4.10*
1030a San Jose and Way Stations......... 1.20p
I 11 dCASaa Jose and Way SUtloa*.. ...... 7.30?
; 2-15p Ban Jose and Way StAtions 8 38*
i CCp Del Monte Kxpresa — Sanu Clara,
' San Jose, Watsonvtlle. Saata
Cruz. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grore , 12-15»»
13-OOp Loa Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz, rta Sanu Clara aad
Narrow Gauge t10 43*
S-3CP Valencia St.. Sontt San FrancUco,
BurllriRime, San Joae, Gliroy,
Hot Uatery Tres Plnoa 18.43*
4.30P?an Jose and Way Station! tS.OO*
to-OOP SaaU Clara. San Jose. Loa Gatoa, '
and principal Way Stations (ex*
cept Sunday) t900*
|S.£0p SanJoaeanilPrlnclpalWaySuUoaa t9.4X»
646p Saoset Express.— Hedwood. Saa
Jose.Gllrey.Saltnas.Paao Koblea,
6an Luta Oblt;o, Santa Barbara,
I.o* ABtelet, Demlaj. Et Paso,
Bt.Lont*. NewOrleaBH.NewTork 9.10a
6.4 5 p Pajaro, WattonTllle, Cap! tola,
eanta Crnx. CMtroTlIle. Dei
>lonte. Pacific Grove 10-30*
16-IBp t>ankiaieo,Beresford,BelmoBt.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair OaJca,
MeoloPark. Palo Alto tS.4a«
6 39pS»b Jose and Way Station*. 8-33*
S.GOpPalo Alto and Way Station* 10.15*
11 .30 p Sooth Sau Francisco, MUlbrae. Bar-
"njsnie. t>sn Mateo, Belmont,
tan Carlo*. Iiedwood, Fair Oaks,
Memo Park, aad Palo Alto fj.45*
•HUP HayOeld. Mountain View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Sanu Clara aad
t\ Ban Joae XSUim
A for Morning. P for Aflernooa.
llonday excepted. • i Sunday oaly.
t. Satarday only. • Monday o»lj.
ifcioBi at al! itatlons en Sandax,,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tibaion rerxy, Pootcf Maiiot Stxt«t.
SAN rSANCZSCO TO 8A2T SATA£I>.
"WEEK DAT&-7:30i 9:00. Xl:0O a. m.; U:3X
8:30. 3:10. 8:30 p. tn. Thursdays — Extra trt?
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 aad 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — a.m. 8:30. ll:0O a. nv: 1:30.-3:3*,
S:00. 0:20. 11:30 p. rn.
SAN SA7AIL TO SAN PUATI CISCO.
WEEK X>AY3>-o:0». 7:33. 7:00. »J0, H:U
a. tn.; 12:60. 3:40. 3:00. 5:20 p. tn.
Saturday*— Extra trip at 2:09 aad «:S» p. ra.
SUNDAYS — »:0O. 8:10. 11:14*. m.; 1:40, 3:W.
4:C5. 5:08. 8:25 p. m.
'Leave I la Effect I Arrtv*
Fan Fran. I Oct. 2. 19O4. | San Fraa.
Week I Sun- I Dettlna- I Sun- I W«t«
rjar*. ) daya- I t>on - 1 ****• I ****•
7-30 a 8:00 a 0:10 a 3:40 »
0:30 a Issacta. 10:40 a 10:20*
8:30 p 3:30 p . 6:03 p 6:20 j
8:10 p 3:00 p -7:33pj
t-sOa 8:10a 9:40a
, 8:00 a NoTato. 10:«0 a 10:2O *
*3:30p 9:30 a Fttaluma 6:03 p 9:20 9
0:10 p S:30p and 7:Up
|5:00pl Santa Roaa. |
jjO, U0:40al(>:W»
8:00 a Fulton. ft:!3p «:W 9
8:30 p 3:30 p II
*~ Windsor.
7:80 a 8:C0 a Healdabur*. 10:40 a 10:20 »
Lytton. ' .
1:30 p 3:30 p Geyiervllto. 7:33 p 8:je>
■ Cloverdale. ;
7 -30 a! 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 ail tt:M »
»:8Op| 3:30 p| and tIKlaa. [ 7:33 p| «:20 9
" j ~j "Wllllts and j~ j
7:30 al 8:0O a| Sherwcod. |T:S3 9fe:30j
7:30 al 8:0O al " 110:40 ail'i:iOj%
3:30 p| 3:30 p| GnerneTllle. ) 7:33 pi 0:20 »
7:30a|»:00al Sonoma. I 8:10a: »: 10 *
4:10 p| 5:00 pi Glen Elian. ( g;03 p( >:23 ■>
7:30 a! S:COa( 110:40 a!10:»» »
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebaatopcl. I 7:33 pi 6:20 s>
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Sa:»
Qoentin: at Santa Roaa. for Whit* Sulphur
Bprtnss and Mark West Springs: at Lyttoa fo?
Lytton Springs; at Ceyservllle for SJc3s?»
Spring*: at Cloverdal* for tae Geysers, Boon?-
v»le and Greenwood: at Hapland for Duacaa
Springs HlRhland Sprtns*. Ke!s»r»»le. Carli.
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlet:
Eprlnsa and Lake County Hot Sprtnrs: •»;
Cklab for Vichy Sprlnjca. Saratoea Spr!ag»»
Bine Lakes. Laurel Dell LaXe. Witter Sprinjo.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Da;' a.
Riverside, Lter!y*a. Bucknell's, Sanhedrla
Heights. HullTille. Orr*s Hot Sprlntrs, Haifma/
House Coropteh*. Hopkins. Mendoctno City.
Fort Brags;. Westport aart Csal: at Willlts for
Tort Braes. Hearst and Bawyers; at Eaerwoo.|
for Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvtiie. Cummta.-.,
B«U's Sprlass. Harris. Hubbard. Krultliad.
Dyer. Garberviile. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scou*
to Monday roand-trlp Uckets at rt-.
Sunday— Round-trtp tickets to all points
beyond San RaXaei at naif rates.
Ticket ofHce. 630 Market atreet. ' Cbronlelsj
bU JA S : e L. TRAZira. R- X. RTAN
. - Gen. .Itenagar. G^n. Paa». Agt.-,
i Mt, Tamalpais Railway
* It. Saa Fnieise* ( jB|L >^ Ar. Saa frsaeijcs
*i. D»r» SnadiTT ijjgfesregk la3iUp~wOlTr
„ „. «:25.vf«2SKCT I'-'JOf *10:50a
9:50a 9:5OAj\gH«5tf8gfW 3: 55 P 3:i5 ?
'il'45'p'l iVt.-»?l >^sjr «:^p ****«n'i*s7
Saturdars *:35p Jattrdays ll:12p
»T» Srarity Car V ».Taaaiyat>aIinT*a«7
TICUT ] 650 Market Sx..(North Shore Railroad)
tlfiCS JandSA'jSAMToFassY, Foot Martst St.
WfifiHy Cal $1.00 w Year
1112
FREE-EXTRA CHOICE 1111111 CANDY M CHRISTMAS
JOIIX I>. SPa lXiiEl-S . .__. Proprietor
A_0:t*ji C«5__aicstior« to >
JOIJX McXArGltT. . . . ; . :'V. Manager
IV. J. M__ltT-X Udslncsa ? 3_aua£e r
T::__r:;t*Ni:.
A*;_ for TIi_ CALL. Tiie C-.trater Will Ccn-
ucri rcu With me _*!__i_ient i'cu Wish.
PubllcaUc- Oifice 13;_-_et z_J Third, S. P.
l__tori_ librae Si; la :_! ftevem-on *U
Delivered by Carrier;;, a* Cts. Per Week 73
CU. ivr Month. Su.s!e Ccpies .> Cts.
7«rr..s by Mail. U_l udtog 1'ottaee (Cash \. .tn
Or_crj: _
DAILY CALL <:r-.c'.jc!. Sunduy). 1 year, -•f^-""
L'AII-Y CALL ifocSurt. krtm&ay). C mos... •£»»
DAILY-" CALL— By Month n <*
Sl'M'AY CALL. 1 Year - -'" .
WEEKLY CALT-. 1 vc_r... . •••• — • •••• 1 •"'
_,.,_,.,_.. [ D_ilr:.%*_*kl I er Tear E_tr.i
FOniUGN ! Kiaw 4 I.". Per Year Extra
POSTAGi:. j Weekly^ 1.00 Per Year Extra.
ALL POST__ _ TEBS ' ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eamji'.e Cop:es, will be forwarded when re-
<T-eEted. ,
M-il subscribers in ordering change c. ad-
£rt*s shouid be particular to give both" ?._\>
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
trorri't and correct comrliance with their re-
«;u*st.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 CrotdTray Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
SMS Center Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAUUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YCRK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astcria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hcffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sher-ien House: P. O. News Co.: Gre 8t
Northern Hotel: Tremont Ho_k; Auditorium
Hotel ;^ra!mcr House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Martjuette Building.
tLcr.g Distance Tek-phone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YCRK REPRESENT ATTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1CCS Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; cpea until
9:30 p. ra.
20t> Ha>r5 street; open until 0:30 p. m.
639 McAllister Etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
Ciz Larkin street; open until 0:30 p. m.
1S41 Mitsion ftrcet; open until 10 p. m.
J<'«> Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
3 COG Valencia street: open until 3 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
C200 F:l!mcre meet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETIKQ NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Consistory No. 5, fSEBn
, - A. snd A. S. R.. CC9 Sutter iSUr
ft. — Called meeting THIS f|L<ol t-i
( WEDNESDAY) EVENING at $$» aS_«
v o'clock. Thirty-second t>c- !?^S3<Ja??{
cree. Viciting brethren cor- TZCq^
dially invited. _*S»]
CHA?. JELLINEK. Reg. *" ' "
THE annual meeting of Islam ff?b5L __y" l 3'
Temple. A. A. O. N. M. S.. i^&^S^
»i:i be held in <1olc>n Gate
Hall on WEDNESDAY, the SttgS.
14th ir.st., at 7:30 o'clock A^=^T\
p. m.. fcr the purpose of elect- I//
ir.g officers, reception of petl- U{ }f
tions and the transaction of V
■ general business. By orler of the Potentate.
J. W. ANDERSON. Record»r.
KXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1GC. F. and A. g
M.— Flm ar.d Second degrees THIS >/V
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7 A/S
o'clock sharp. ,. \
H. J. OWEN. Secretarj'-
MISSION Lodge No. iCS. F. and A. M. _
Special matins THIS (WEDN'ES- YY
l>AYt EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. />r\
Third Degrw. R. E. ALLAN. S»c.
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O. _«H5*,
F.— Iritiaticn THIS < WEDNES-^jfSfi&jfcsfe-
DAY* EVENING. Pe?. 14, 19M: : *4£*5gg2£
all members ar-- r*v;ueFted to be ""SWftfS^'
pr* *«?r.t; visitors invited.
G. F. McMANUS. N. G.
C. ERIND. Rec. Se<\
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. will bf held at its banking-
house. ."»__ Montrnmery st. San Francisco.
Cal., on TUESDAY. January 10. 1305.
at 3:15 p. m.. for the election of directors to
ferve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of i=uch other business as may
ccme before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 1O. 1904.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages,- sent to any address in the
United States or Canada cne yar for $1.
ATTOSIIEYS-AT-LAW.
A FRAUDULENT di\-orc« Is dear at tit and
U CO good; for 22 years I've made divorces
• tpecialty; Quick; quiet; no money needed;
r.c pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable: lowest fee*; advice free; collections
trade G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
CONSULTATION free, private end confiden-
tial; business legally and promptly trans-
acted; collisions, mechanics' liens, probate,
tenants ejected; legal papers drawn; loans
on real estate: rafe. eound investments high
rates int-reM. W. MATTHEWS. 6S2 Market.
R. W. KING. Attornev-at-law, Exam. bi<!g7
fth floor: entrance room CU; established 26
y"ars; al! courts, general court anj -office
practice; no fees In advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA — Divorce; costs $12; qulek.qulet;adrlce free;
all law tusiness: no charge unless rucceit-
tul: open eveninsrs. 927 Market st.. room 30L
ADVICE free: divcrce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all law business: nfflce
cpen faturday evenings. 819 Market *t.. r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERY. Mtoraey-at-law room* 3
end 4. 240 Montgomery gt.; phone Red Wl\
X_ 5. CLARK. iK'7 Market, room 304: eon-jlta-
ticn fr««: no lee» in advance; open evening*.
AG-ffTS WACTTEP,
YOU can'makn 2." to 51 rents every r_flj 20
caJls «!aily ni.ar. fr-rrt $r;o to $C0 weekly; ex-
ciurtve territory to hustler*.' Address H
P. O. tor 1SC2. IV^trn. Mass.
AtTTOMOBX—ES.
AUTOMOBILE fcr sale; first-class running
crier. Kox 1057. Ceil office.
FOR ea>— 1903 WInton tonrlos car: trice
fircn. nox ies. can e;rnc«.
_ \ ASTHMA CggE.
_■! NCSA'S Attel l».c?nrd- relieve. Instantly;
10<\ 25c. COc. 1C02 Market. St Nicholas;
i!te> Wifhart. jOth ar.<\ W.-ishlr.cton. Oakland.
BOAEsnru rex c_a_D_tE_r. ~
BOARD for ttio beys of 0 to 8 years. 1280
California tt.
CARPET ESATIITG AND CLEANING.
COMPKFffSJgiO Air and Vacuum Process used
fcr c'.eaunins carpets on floor without removal;
carprts and rues also cleaned Uy compressed
air ct chop; prices moderate. S. . F. Com-
prtwed Air Cleaning Co.. SOS Market st.;
phor.e*. Msin l.'l' and Bush 47'j.
WHEN ycu b«,crme disgusted with your work
•><nd fcr BPAULOING'S Pioneer Co— F>et-b»at-
tng wcrkt. .';.'.*>-::;, 7 Tefcsma.' st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. ifedtTiiarl
ritwi St.; Al cleaning. »c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: rhone Mission -23.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth et.— Flrst-cias*
rarp-.-t cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM _ CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. ca— pet-beating works: price*
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 2«3.
WALL paper «ad.rre*qps cleaned. 785 O'Far-
_ rr.ll «t. Y "
co^iiSCT^OK'^orriciis.
Uxp tenants ejected for J4; collections made:
e-:ty or . e-ountrv. r»cin> Collection Co., 41S
Mf/ntrr«— iery *t.. roomx 0-10. 'Tel. Main USO.
CREDIT C-OTS-ESS. ~~
C V. ADAMS CO.. aijTljasoa St.— Clothing
Jt •verybeidy from hat to tsho»«:.you can cet
»hqt ycu ■a.int fr.-:-n us .ind have It Charged.
C— OT__K"G K._2TOVATIKO.
1 "? c:can<l1 and prcntcd. $1 : scouring and
oj;e_{;. Be- Marche. Examiner bldg..:r. 410;
•Ume Drursn: 44. , Call fcr. and deliver tnt.
__ ntTSI_rESSjCEAlTCES^__
A— $1SOC; RESTAURANT for bale, in the b?st
mla!r:^ town in the State of Nevada.; dally
ici...iijtf, S150; opposite the round house; no
liClt«.r laying proposition in 'Nevada. Parlio-
u:_!t U. U. WiLivE. ittVi Ke_uiy st.
5C0C — WILL .take partner in a good paying,
nicely luinis^hed coffee liarlor anf resta_-
i_nt; lease; cr owner will sell wr ?llv>J;
!-_«: on time. _te 11. U. W1L1C2, _6h
Ker.rny st. i^.* 1 '"-'^
A— ?7<X)0; BAKERY, one of the best in city;
uiunthly _.les fcCCtw: splendid i-hancc lor two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
<-e It. G. WILKE. 26Mt Kearny st.
A— $CCOC; CORNER calocn on water front; net
rent $aO: 4>j yearn' leasj. Particular* see
> i:. G. WILKE. 20>« ; Ke_rny st.
A— $l."Ui; LOlJGING-HOL'SE; transient nous*
un !'<.et tt. ; 14 elegantly turn, rooms: rent
$•_ TO: a lirst-clasi paying proposition. It.
G. WILKE. 'M\t Kearny Et.
A— ?l'500; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar rouni, bus, 2 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $00 or owner will, sell whole r>ropjrty
Kr $12. COO. Particulars R. G. WILKE, _0Vi
Kearnj' st. :. f u;S r -&
A— $17CO; CORNER grocery and bar. with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento st. ; KVi years'
lease; rent $13; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 2t>% Kearny st. " - . .■;-
A — $"300; OYSTER and chop house, with pri-
vate boxes; place estab. 20 years; knawn as
a first-class" paying business; location close
to Phelan bldg.; lease; owner engaged other-
wise; must «acritice. See R. G. WILKE,
2eii Kearny st. -'>w-.
A— $400; CHICKEN ranch In Sonoma County;
horse, wagon, cow; rent $7 per month; tools
and furniture. Call R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny »t. ;
$5«0— LOCKSMITH and electrical repair shop
for sale; established „ years; best location;
llving-rocms. For particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 2UVi Kearny Bt.
$550 — Restaurant; very best location; rent $00;
. close to Kearny and Bush; a good-paying
Investment;, investigate. Call en R. G.
WILKE. 1'li'i Keaniy st.
$S50 — CORNEK saloon on Fourth St.. rmt $23
daily re«ipls about $15; good business; uwn-
' er must sacrifice, as he has to leave the city.
R. G. WILKE. 'i&Vt Kearny st.
PRICE $1100— Wood. coal, hay and grain yard;
a long-established business ; 2 horses and 3
wa^-iiis; rent only $25; rare chance. See R.
G. ~V1LKE. 28Va Kearny st.
A — $2900; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia .St.; lease; old established and good
paying business; investigate; a rare chance.
See ' R. G. WILKE. 26 \j Kearny st.
A— $12uO; ROADHOUSE. living rooms; rent
$15; no opposition; very best location; about
S miles from city. See R. G. WILKE. 26!£
Kearaj- st.
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
in Stockton; rent $53: the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particular*. R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $900; BAKERY, With 3 llvltg rooms and
kitchen: rest $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $16 per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny «t.
A — $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 hortes. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 20 & Kearny et.
' A— $S00; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
nees. See R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease, in
wholesale district: a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26 K Kearny st.
: A — $4000; CIGAR Mand on Market St., vicin-
ity Powell rt.: 2>4 years' lease; must be
told at once; owner to leave city for th*
Eatt. See R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
leaee; rent $40; store doing a large cash busl.
nees: location can't be beat: value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st. «
A— $55C0; SALOON; about 1 block fronTphelar.
building; -let rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice about $1200? a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. -
A— $2C0C: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building: place estab-
lished years; doing a first-clase business;
about $70 per .day. Particulars «e* R. G.
_\V1LKE. 2B% Kearny St.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few block*
so-th cf Market St.; net rent $90: lease 1
year*: average monthly receipts $1100; value
In sight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
t_: rent $60; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2800; a well established and
flrft-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKZ. 26% Kearny et.
A— $350; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
ttore; 5 rooms; rent $25; best location Va-
lencia st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
_________________
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market st.. between Fifth and Sixth.
WE have a client who wishes to associate
himself with a sober, industrious man who
can invest $350 and sen-ices; he will give
Interest, in business ' clearing $200 month;
references exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
A CLIENT of mine who conducts a well pay-
ing cigar ft and on Market st. desires good
honest man as partner to assist him in at-
tending stand, and to same be can offer fine
jicsition: no experience necessary; $350 cash
required. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
£350 AND services secure an Interest in old-
€ftablishe4 office and commission business
clearing $200 to $250 monthly; no experience
required, but party must be sober and re-
liable and furnish good references as same
will be tendered him. Full particulars with
BROOKBANK.
J. B. OBERLE, W. H. MASSE.
EAGLE REALTY OFFICE,
230 Kearny st., Rooms 1 and 2.
LODGING-HOUSES, terms to suit buyers,
from $200 to $5000. 230 Kearny st.
$600 — SALOON: fine fixtures, stock 'and cash
register; good trade: rent $25. 230 Kearny st.
$275— BRANCH bakery, notions, 4 rooms, fur-
nished; rent $15; recp. $10 day. 230 Kearny.
FOR genuine bargains call at Eaglo Business
Chance Oifice. 230 Kearny, rooms 1 and 2.
LIST of Vine payinc businesses and merchan-
dise stores for sale and exchange:
Saloons! from $500 to $7000.
Groceries from £5OU to $4f>OO.
Restaurant; lino location; $900.
Branch bakeries 1 , coffee-houses; city & coun-
try hotels, merchcndls* stores. roadhouBes.
Lnrfxinij-houses from 7, to 200 rooms.
For sale and exchange, 385 acres in Santa
Clara County for a saloon: Oakland houses,
for lodging-houw=«. ' EITEL & CARROLL,
212 Kearny st. ; . tel. • Red 6C92.
~wanted^capital! ""
To manufacture a . hardware article needed
in every house; bte profit can be made; de-
vice is protected by I*. S. patent. Capitalists
pl^se investigate. Write for particulars. In-
ventor, K6 Tenth »t.. Oakland, Cal.
STEADY man wanted as partner; plain, light
work; small capital required: sure profit of
$75 to each per month: owner is a practical
workineman. COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT
CO.. CS2 Market st.
$2.*.O — PARTNER wanted; cigar store and bil-
Ilaid-rocm; cood stock and trade; too lony
hoars fcr one man reason for taking partner;
fine location. M-rin Inv. Co., 235 Keaniy.
$1200— RESTAURANT: well known, old es-
tabllsh-d and doing good business; is newly
papered and painted; 80 chairs and with
everything complete. Address 1031 Third at.,
Sacramento. CaL
A PARTNER wanted In an honorable and dig-'
( ntfied business; a capital of $5000 required;
i on* per cent per month guaranteed Box 2341.
Call office. , _ . * «
AN old -established manufacturing drug busi-
ness with good celling proprietary prepara-
tions, trademarks, -etc. ; will sell or exchange
for rx-al estate. Address box 2943. Call.
$CCO WILL buy a good . paying bakery will
bear full investigation. HAWKS't MEHR-
TENS corner Seventh st. and Railroad av«
A'.arr.ffia.
GOOD, reliable man with a few hundred dol-
lars csn buy half Int-rcst In old-established
tnulnesF. P.c. LASSEN _ CO., 466 Tenth
*t.. Oakland.
BATH and massage parlors; cheap: latest
equipment; fine patronage. HOOVER ISM
I Fillmore Ft. '
$150— CIGAR store; on busy street near Mar-
fcet; must sell to-day; departure. 1007W
I Market Et. ../.;/.
TO • restaurant keepers — For sale, cheap fix
tureis.' counter and all utenslle for same
Apply 242 Fourth St.. grocery store." ■>
PARTNER ranted in llcht business; must bo
"tor.ly. sober man. willing; to resist general!
ly. " Particulars 47 Geary st.. room 5.. .
SECOND-HAND store, with furniture, for sale
for$lCO; with 2 .living rooms, rent $15*
Apply atjstore. 532 Sixth st.
COAL, hay and grain business; '4 ' horsis and
■T wagons; good investment; a bargain.: Box
THE ;SAN -FRANCISCO GALL; -WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14; 1904.
BPSI-TSSS CEANCES— Cont-anea. *
A— CAMKKO.V _■ CO.— Phone South 1050.
3 Eduy s«t., ccr. Market and Powell,
lleadquart^ib 101 ell kinds of business chances.
For sale — Several good business propositions for
■ in\c&ton=, such as cisar stores, groceries and
bars, bakeries, iurn;shing goods, merchan-
dise, conn try hotels, restaurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;
would be nieatW to have you tail and Inspect
our lUU CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy at.
For sale — First-class bazaar and cigar busl-^
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent, fix-
tures and store up-to-date; established : 17
years; line new stock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $3CO and over
per .month; best reason for selling: an op-
■ i>ortunity of a lifetime. See CAMERON &■
CO.
For sale— Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 59 rooms; rent only $150: 10-year
lecse; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
For sale — One cf the best hay. grain, feed,
wood and coal yards, S. F. ; cheap rent;
hcrses and wagons; well equipped; present
owner retiring from retail business; guaran-
teed to clear about $350 per' month; book3
open for Inspection. CAMERON _ CO.
Exchanges made in all kinds of real estate^
rocmlng-hnuse and business chances. CAME-
RON.* CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale — Well located cyclery; rent $125; 3-
year lease: sell, rent and repair all kinds of
' bicycles;, carries full supplies; agency best
wheel on market; does business of $1500 to
$2CC0 per month; goods at Invoice. - CAME-
RON & CO.
First-class salcorj downtown: 2 blocks from
Market St.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts.
$1S to J25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price $1600. CAMERON
_ CO.
Harness and saddlery shop, well located; rent
$12; well ttccked; fine wax machine: all
bench tools; everything goes; price $1000;
more than value !n sight: retiring from busi-
ness. CAMERON & CO.
Wanted — A good business man with $500 cash
to associate himself with practical surveyor
for establishment of land office; new reser-
vation Just cpening up; has been in employ
of Government en same land for 3 years: an
. opportunity cf a lifetime; expenses from
start. CAMERON & CO.
WANTED — Immediately, a young man with
ability and moderate capital as partner in
an established real estate agency. Particu-
lars 2143 Center st.. Berkeley, Cal. \*
$1400— DELICATESSEN store oil principal
street, near Market; good location. Box 1398,
Call office.
FOR sale — Small restaurant; price reasonable.
Call at premises. 900 Washington St.. cor.
Powell.
FOR sale — Delicacy and grocery; cheap rent;
5 living rooms; $550. 2931 Sixteenth st.
2931 Sixteenth st.
WANTED — Lady or gent with $100; theatrical
proposition; investigate. R. 14, 110 Eddy st.
CHRISTIAN party with some money to Invest
see me. Box 2364, Call office. > •
LIQUOR store and saloon; fine wine cellar: good
lease; good corner. 2S9S 16th st., cor. Howard.
FOR SALE — A cigar stand, with pool and
billiard-room attached. Box 2SS1. Call office.
FOR SALE — A well paying oyster house: mttet
be sold; trouble between partners. 50.7th st.
ROUTE 12, San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
-.ODGING-HOTJSES FOB SAX.E.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
• ,Look this up; here Is a. chance to get fine
little home, combined r .wirh? business; you can
live rent free and make some money besides;
this house nf 9 .rooms, rent only $32 50; fine lo-
cation on California st.: well furnished: some
new carpets; newly painted and papered;
everything in fine condition: piano and sewing
machine goes; price only $650.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished,
100-room, downtown he5use; carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
steam heat; In fact, everything modern and up
to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leaving
city. ~? ; *>''
This speaks for it«elf; 15 rooms, furnished in
oak; new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings in profit of $75 per
month; sickness .compels sale.
■ We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on Post st. : full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout: brings in
nice Income; furniture in oak. bird3eye maple;
velvet and Axminster carpets; cost $1800 to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain; $1200.
Here Is 14 rooms; Van Ness; furnished In oak
and mahogany: good carpets'; all full; clearing
nice little salary every month; it is yours at
$600.
First-class Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 ln-46-
room house; rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter Et.; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for celling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter St.; beautifully
furnished: always full; there are £0 rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish. . . i
We have a 9-room flat, new, modern 1 build-
ing, sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $3 53
per yard; beds cost $100 each; hair mattresses
cost $35 each; new 8 months; actual cost to
furnish. $5000; must go East and will take
$2700; half caeh. balance 6 per cent per annum;
everything ready to step right Into an elegant
home. ' r.r .'-"
Here is 1C good rooms, close in, with 3 rooms
not furnished, but are all full and pays $50
per month above all expenses; 1 owner taking
larger house; price $1050,
14 sunny rooms, close in; rent only' $60 per
month: some new carpets; everything nice and
clean and pays well; price $900; $400 down,
balance time; a fine chance.
Nice little house of 10 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $C5; must dispose
next ten days; make offer.
Grand new. modern apartment.-house ; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
leasi with cheap rent; only 15 minutes',- walk
from Kearny t>t. : has ISO rooms and pays $50f>
to $C0O per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken '"at once.
• ■■-.-•§ •■•
Big snap; 31-room apartment-house; rent
only $1 per room; well furnished and clearing
$00 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $950.
Here Is the coziest and most complete house
of 60 rooms, superbly furnished with everything
that good taste and Judgment could suggest,
combined with an elegant, new, modern build-
ing; every room . occupied arid clearing- a- fine
profit, and sickness Is . the only cause for dis-
posal.
Golden opportunity to get nice 7-room. flat;
. rent only $40; water, garbage and Janitor ser-
vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; carpets
body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $800; now $450;
obliged to leave city. - ■
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6-room
flat; Sloane fitted It up 6 months ago and cost
considerable over $900; think of the rent only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap;' $400
We have a number of special bargains in
flats of C to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish: must be
sold, either account of sickness or departure.
Hav» large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on liand. .
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy' st.
MITCHELL _ CO..
12CC MARKET ST. .PHONE JESSIE 2981.*
Rooming and apartment-houses, hotels," flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE. *';
A — 10 ROOMS; O'Farrell; rent $80; for ..$1100
21 rooms; Post; -rent '$90; only....;.r.S1200
We absolutely guarantee titles.
A — 52 rooms; new .apartments;* rent only $6
per room: 2-3 rooms ; and bath each; this la a
golden opr>crtunlty;-se« it and you 'will 'like
it. MITCHELL & CO., exclusive ngents. ;.-
SPLENDIDLY 'equipped apartment . housei^TS
rooms/ Berkeley,. Cat. ; CO rooms occupied" no
agents. •■ Apply. 1003% : Broadway, " room : C.
Oakland.
HOUSE 32 ' rooms; housekeeping: apartments;
\ rent low; lease; clearing $55 per.month above
i .expenses; price $1200: everything new and In
fine condition. \Box 1598.': Call office. ' ■
FOR sale-— Very cheap,' 21-room- house . In' cen-
■ __tcr of city. Inquire 1 319 Taylor : st. , . .-
UPPER flat, ;. finished r attic:. modern; 10 rooms;
1 rent $60. -Corner Lazur.a and O'Farrsllsts.
-.ODGIlTO-HOTrSES POE SAIE— Ccn. :
MARION GRIFFIn!
40C Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d • and Market sts. Tel. Black 3007.
Hotels, and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
W> furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
OUR BEST proposition in a straight rooming-
house; new and modern
building; new kajsomin-
: *;■■'-, ing; new painting; new
carpets: new blrdseye i
maple and mahogany fur-
niture; full of high-class,
steady roomers; long
lease* 4 blocks north of
Market on bast street car i
line; clears ?175 monthly;
37. rooms; would exchange
for apartment-house clear-
ing not less than $400
monthly; will pay cash
MARION GRIFFIN 4ut> Examiner building.
•-'■■"• Corner 3d and Market sts.
No 22.
SHOO FOR 22-room nouse near Ellis and
Hyde; rent $65; same own-
er for 15 years; honest
owner and honest house;
clears $75 monthly year
after year.
MARION GRIFFIN 40C Examiner building.
'■ , Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 100.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 100 rooms, especially
well located; nice furnish-
ings; guaranteed monthly
profit $443: very fine se-
lected class of occupants;
house Is highly recom-
mended.
MARION GRIFFIN 4uti Examiner building.
Corner Sd and Market sts.
- No. 17. ' •:••.::••'''
17 ROOMS (3 unfurnished): $350 down and
$C50 in payments of $10
monthly: clears $73 month-
ly; sunny elde of street;
full of nice people; flower
garden: back yard.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 40.
SICKNESS of owner causes sale of a ■ 40-
room worklngman's house;
always full of men room-
ers and clears $125 to $150
monthly; south of Market;
rent only $110. Make
■ . some offer to
MARION GRIFFIN 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 28.
NEW and MODERN house of 2S rooms, cor-
ner north of Market; 5-
year lease; electric lights;
most beautifully furnished:
eminently respectable, quiet
and refined; full "and a
waiting list of applicants;
owner In hospital.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 68.
DEPENDABLE houses? Why. yes, here is
one of 68 rooms guaran-
'■]'*:• teed to have a monthly In-
come of ?430 over rent; 7-
year lease; modern build-
ing; electric elevator; very
fine furnishings; owner
■ Will sell for J5700
You pay down J300O
You pay In Installments
GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
.Corner 3d and Market sts.
no. is. -w:
$230 DOWN and (250 in $10 payments takes
an 18-room NE. corner
flat, clearing $48 monthly;
rent $33; it's the biggest
bargain for little money; 4
blocks north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
■ Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 9.
DEATH causes sale of a 9-room house near
Sutter and Larkln; rent
$38; newly furnished; make
us an offer quick.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40C Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 14.
FINE OAK furniture, fine Brussels carpets. 14
outside rooms: 3 blocks of
Market; profit $55 month-
ly; rent only $4S; price
$750.^4 cash.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
i. Corner 3d and Market sts.
FOR sale — Lodging-house; 28 rooms: near Hl-
bernla Bank: good Income; no agents. Box
1297. Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ha* been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
ODen until 11 p. m.
C-AraVOYA-TTS.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
Complete Life Reading. -
60c 50c. Me. 50c. "50c. SOc.
RICHARD MAYO.
The man with WONDERFUL psychic power
■ The greatest living ADVISER
On" the Continent. At a : glance, before you
have a chance to utter ■ one word." he will
tell you what you came for. giving names,
dates, facts and figures; how to eliminate
errors and master circumstances; he restores
lost affection, reunites the separated tells
who and when you will marry and how' to at-
tain success.
There is no trouble, doubt or ambition, no
hope or wish, but what can be realized by
his help and advice; he is entirely original in
his methods, different 'from all others: a visit
to him w^l bring success and happiness to
the seeker of truth and advice.
Permanently located, thoroughly reliable
421A Ellis st. Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Private fiat. Separate parlors. Buslnesa con-
fidential.
LIVINGSTONE. ' '
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE. s
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 26»/4 KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION " T ~~
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clairvoyant,
may, be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed; die will show you how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sena-
rated; tell your entire lite, past, present and
future; satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
MME. M. BERNARD, tha famous clairvoyant
and business medium, is located at 17 Third
St.. near Market. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on.
all alTairn In life; as a proof of her psychic
power she will tell you what you called for
FREE of charge; $5 reading this week, $1;
satisfaction guaranteed.
ISMAR, Egyptian seerees. The Vendome, 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours— 10 i
a. m. to 5 p.m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. -Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant" medium; born
•' with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present.. future; 1: 50c: g. by cards $1; palm-
, Istry full life read, ,-$1. 303 Jone.«» nr. Eddy.'
MISS M. WILLE, 310' Ellis , St.. clairvoyant,
crystal reer nnd life reader, tells you exactly
■what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon ; names given ; $1 : heur*. 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young." gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love. - marriage, business, etc.; L." SOc;
o: $1; hours 10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. KHONENBERG,' palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader; .when others falltry me; r»ad-
lng? 25?. 324 O'Farrell' St.; tel. Red 6537.
MRS. SHAFFER* clairvoyant, card-reader, has
returned: sittings daily. -1CS Oth St.. rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN; . the ■ well-known f ortune-
. teller, la now at 317, Ellis st. ;- . : -■'
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
■'Call.- 16 pages, sent to.any address tnjtho
_. ; ; United States <ir Canada one y»ar,for $1. ."' '
-^ > VSPIBI-TJA-ISM.
A— -MRS. J., J.', WHITNEY.' bus.* medium and
y life; reader.) 1200 : Market. ,■ r. ; 14. , Gait House.
REMOVED-^Mrs Crindle, special materlallz-
ing seance, 50c, ; to-night. / 7S2 Ellis st.;. - . , ..
PROF.: FRED EVANs7 noted slate- writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy, ft. Phone Scctt:8S7.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDO WE LiTDl-TssmTklng" &"mT» Inery" Schoof—
"; Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. ; 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst'. and. knife, pleating. : Stew-
" art'B button and buttonhole factory." 110 Taylr.
" ■ |
A NEW plate— The Whalebone^_nn^Tbreak;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown3, $3 50; fillings.Suc;
platea. $5; full iet; ail work painless and
"warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR: LUDLUM HILL, " 1443*ilarket. nr. Eleventh
— No charge for . extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
f rc-m $8 per get ; extracting. 5Oc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor.Bush —
' Set teath. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;fllUngs.25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c: silver, 35c; crowns. $2;. no
_ paln;open SundaysADr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Eutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentl6t.r.l4,lst >
_floor. Phelan bld.,8CXJ Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved • from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave. - -.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and- medical col-
leges; ref a. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Fhelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month;tlife scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution . devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning 'in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for -catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 21
Post st., S. P.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new. large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting poel-
tlons. S. F. Business College. 738 Mission st. '
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1863; largest In the West; an-
nual enrollment 1C00; eend for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches. $5 mo.; 47 let i- j
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posl-
tlon; lndlv. Instruc. West. Bus. CoL. 1281 Mkt.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— G A LLA G HER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano $3 per month;
vocal lessons SI. 828 Halght st. . . ;
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor"ly by mail and per-
sonally. Misa M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
EMPLOYMENT OFPZCES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 6231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
' best help. Fritz Tamagaki.mgr. Tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton^ Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A — Bookkeeper, cashier, young lady;
accountant; quick, accurate; all modern sys-
tems; highest references: last position 5
years. Box 2373, Call office.
f
EXPERIENCED Parisian dressmaker would
like a few more ' day engagements: perfect
work guaranteed; $2 50 pet* day. Box 2513,
Call office.
A COMPETENT young woman wishes house-
work and cooking in a good family; wages
small. Box 2512, Call.
A COMPETENT laundress ar.d house-cleaner,
wants work by the day, $1 25; references.
Box 2511, Call.
STRONG American woman wants work: first-
class house or office cleaner; $1 25 per day;
good references. Box 2363, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes few families by
day, washing, cleaning or chamber work.
4S8 Geary st. ; phone Brown 32.
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse wishes a posl-"
tion: city references. Box 2548. Call office.
COLORED lady will take In washing at home.
1607^4 Fifth st.. West Oakland.
ENGLISH nurse wishes care of one child;
competent to teach; speaks French; country
preferred; excellent references. Nurse. 2213
Buchanan st.
WANTED — By middle-aged woman, house-
work half day In exchange for sunny room
and board; lower floor; no basement. Box
2952, Call. .
COMPETENT, refined woman wishes * work,
light housework, children's seamstress, nurse
invalid; good home: reasonable salary; refer-
ences. Call or address MRS. L., 415 Ellis.
COMPETENT woman would like a position as
nurse for children; can give best references;
wages $20 to $25. Adress 3668 Elghtenth St.
EXPERIENCED woman wishes few more cases
nursing ladles during connnment. ■ Box 2339,
Call office. ' . '
A BOOKKEEPER with knowledge • of type-
writing: can give city references. Phone
Mint 1673, or box 2865. Call. .
WANTED — By a middle-aged I New . England
woman, a situation as cook, j Call or address
Cook. 375 O'Farrell st. .
A GOOD STEADY worker would like to get
steady place by the month; sleep home. 85A
Convers st., off Bryant, near Eighth.
WANTED— Situation by competent woman for
cooking in private family; first-class refer-
ences. Call 753 Bush St.. rear house.,;
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
finements, invalids: painstaking;, references;
moderate terms. MRS. KING, 1159 Turk st
YOUNG . woman wishes position as working
housekeeper in widower's family; no wash-
ing: wages $20. Box, 2419, Call.
A NEAT young woman wishes light work In
pmall private family; steady, place desired
Box 2420. Call.
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements by the day;
$1 !>(>.: 07 Rlchland ave.; phone Capp 2850.
CAPABLE woman wants position a» working
, housekeeper in lodging-house. . 910li Folsom.
COMPETENT woman wants house— jork, laun-
dry or cooking hy the day. 1500^4 Market st.
SWEDISH girl, good cook, wishes place; good
references. Box 2501, Call.
'A GIRL wants general housework. 210 Rltch
» street. :
A STRONG woman wants house and window
cleaning by the day; small wash. S'Jl Geary.
WOMAN would like position as chambermaid
in city or out. Reply SID Mission st.
i HAIRDRESSER wishes position. 019 Howard
street. : ■
DRESSMAKER v.-ants work; $1 50 day. 1258
: Howard st. •
: A WOMAN wants work by the day. 110 Third
street.
, POSITION as housekeeper. 24%"Langtry st.
A. WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing
or housfclean'ns:." 1152 Folaom st.
GOOD/ cook wants a position. Address 621
i ■'•• Sansome st.. second floor. >
WOMAN wants work by the day. 1377 Eddy
| ■ street/ , ■ / . "..■■•- . ,
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position, j
1 f>5$ Stevenson st. ;..
'• NURSE would like oositlon' by the day; best
. of references. ; 1719 O'Farrell, st. ■
WOMAN wants. work by the day washing or
:'..-: cleaning. Apply at 859 Mission st.
WOMAN wants work by the day - or week.
! Address 621 Sansome st. - - ,
A GIRL wants . a place to mind babies. 549
Larkln -St.:
A YOUNG girl wishes a position as working
. housekeeper. Please call at 1231 Bush st.
EMPLOYMENT WAZTTED— _TA__.
GERMAN, ; industrious \ ana '-willing. " 2.1,- at
'.", present employed as waiter, wants 'to learn
bartending;; town or country; $15 while learn- !
;; ing.. ; Box 25C7, Call; of flee. v ,
A SCANDINAVIAN man, 25 years old. wishes
■position > as houseman or 'do Janitor wcrk in
the city or .country. -Address J. A. M.. S2i
', Mission st. / ',4£9_SQMM9|
.TWO ; young.and: strong Swedes wish labor of
I ■■■-'5 any., kind, j . Box .* 2550. ; Call. . ■; : -, ,
I OIL fireman wishes .position: , best of ". refer-
».ence. k Address J. :C.,; room 3,~rll4 ! Fourth' st. ■
EMPIiO"STaEWTjWANTXD---aKa^3_D55.
ELDERLY man wants work as choreman or
take care of horse and garden; wages $10
per month. Box 250«, Call.
FRENCHMAN, first-class barber, not speaking
'English., wants -small place In city or coun-
, try; speaks Spanish. Box '-^CO. Call.
YOUNG Ben Israel desires I to become agri-
culturist; wants work on a farm. LEON
BROWN. "t__ Sacramento gt. ■
YOUNG man wishes work in fruit store; wages
reasonable;- best references. GEORbB
HEART. 21C Sixth st.
YOUNG man wishes position in drugstore; un-
derstands " prescription, Latin, French; best
of references. G. HEART, 216 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS un!*n barber wants steady Sat-
urday and Sunday Job. CHARLE3 SLU-
KAN. 314 Third st.
GERMAN, single, wishes position as porter
and lunchman.' or any kind of work; city or
country. Box 2509. Call office.
BY young,, man of 21 any kind of work for
small wages; must have work at once. Box
2508. Call office.
YOUNG man, 23, wants work of any kind.
Box 2510. Call.
AS attendant and companion to Invalid,
chronic or mental patient by competent and
reliable man under middle-age, of education
and thorough training, and experience as
nurse and masseur; references; terms mod-
erate. Box 2022. Call offlce. .
WANTED — By an. active man of 32, work of
any "kind, in the suburbs, country tr moun-
tains ; can drive ■ team and ■ Is a fair cook ;
wages $20 month and found. Box 7693, CalL
MIDDLE-AGED German wants to take care
of a place; knows vegetable and flower gar-
dening, pruning; handy with carpenter tools;
can milk, and take care of horses; city or
country. Box 23C1. CalL
WANTED — By young man. 24, position to
travel for commercial house; one year's road
experience; willing to advance. Box 23C0,
Call office.
GARDENER wishes situation; competent In
alt branches; greenhouses, orchard, vegeta-
bles and landscape gardening; references.
Box 2308. Call, office:
A BRIGHT young man of 17 years wishes to
work in wholesale bouse where advancement
could be had; best of references. Address
box 2449. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants position; un-
derstands gardening, pruning, etc: handy
with carpenter tools and horses. Box 1135.
Call office. -
EDUCATED boy, aged 19, and willing to work,
wishes position evenings In some store dur-
ing the holiday season. Address box 2959.
Call office. .
STEADY young man wishes to run errands
from 7 to 10 a. m. and between 9:30 and 11
P. rn.: best of references. Address box 2832,
Call office.
MAN with large family Is In need of employ-
ment; able to work in factory or store and
office. Box 2362, Call.
YOUNO man. 23. wants work of any kind; has
had some experience In house cleaning. Box
1712, Call office.
A NO. 1 fruit man would like position In city;
dried fruit a specialty. O. D. H., Winchester
Hotel.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wants a steady posi-
tion or all round work. H. GETTING. 953
How_rd st. -
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc.
Box 2340. Call office.
A 'GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation as clerk In grocery and barroom;
good references. W. BOHLING. 417 Kearny.
COOK and wife. German, middle-aged, want
position; country. Box 2337, Call.
SACK eewer and sack tender would like posl-
. tlon. FRANK VARGAS. 628 Pacific st.
A SOBER, steady man wants coachman's po-
sition; can milk; reference. Box 2949. CalL
WANTED — Set of books to keep evenings. Box
2872. Call.
WANTED — A position •_ baker's helper. Box
2431. Call office. > -
JAPANESE, first-class cook and waiter, wants
position at same place in the family; city
or country. Addresa YAJL 6 Central place,
. off Pine st.
JAPANESE young man wants situation to do
cooking and general housework; has experi-
ence; several years' good reference. ABE,
258A O'Farrell st. v
JAPANESE, experienced In housework and all-
round servant, desires' a situation as school-
boy. S. NISHIJIMA. 611 Bush st.; phone
Black 5034..
A JAPANESE very honest boy wants good
plain cooking ■ and - housework; no wash;
•small family; $6 week. ,Y. TANAKA, box
2505. Call office.' '
TWO -Japanese want positions, one good cook
other first-class waiter; In nice family. M.
M.. 5CS Taylor st. ■ -
JAPANESE, experienced cook. • all-round ser-
vant and having good I references, wishen
work. KERRY TAKETU, 258A O'Farrell st.
SITUATION- wanted by Japanese; first-class
butler; Just arrived from East; has" good ref-
erences. Box 2335,' Call.-
JAPANESE,- good boy. wants situation In a
small' family as schoolboy; speaks English
well. H. M., 1527 Pine St.; phone Sutter 3314.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants position In
private ' family ;wag»s $7week. HENY, 16
Salina place, off, California st.
GOOD and' strong Japanese • wishes a situation
in a store; have experience. C. OKUMURA,
3t".*3Vj Seventh St.. Oakland.
A JAPANESE wishes work, schoolboy or half-
day work. A. B., 61 Minna, st.
CHINESE, experienced. " first-class, best cock-
cry, wishes position:' first-class hotel or
boarding-house; good references; satisfaction;
CHARLEY. 1113 Clay St.; phone Black 3638.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes a position
in email. hotel, country, near city. FRANK.
1110 Stockton st.
YOUNG 1 Chinese boy I wishes position as flrst-
rl.it.-s rook In small family; $-8 or $9 week.
WAH KEE. 7 Benham place.
AMERICANIZED Chinese wishes work In store
or wholesale house; speaks and writes Eng-
lish. ED, 1011 Pacific st.
YOUNG' Chines* wishes position as cook In
family. Call at Sang Wo Sang _ Co.'s, 613
Jackson- st.
.ZCZEMA CUKE.
$100 FREE for any case ot eczema, salt rheum
or barben itch that I can't cure: a trial treat-
ment free. DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth «t.
T12X ATS CTA.I*. ~~~
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $ 4.600.000 00
Surplus t 940,901 88
Issues
Six per cent .-
• • Investment -Certificates)
At . par.
Office — No. 14 Sansome st..
San Francisco. CaL
CCMPaNIES formed; mining or patents: stock
sold: strong Eastern connection*: advice frea.
.Write A. F, HARASZTHY, 522 Crossl'y h>dg.
".'"■- I_ATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this -department; it will save you time and
■ trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co., 245-59 Geary ]
- St., on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let: every de-
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
our. lists; service absolutely free; let us find
yqu a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furiture Company,
1039 Market st.. opp. McAllister.
TURK, 1161. adjoining Jefferson Park— New
elegant 9-room upper. flat; every room flood-
ed with sunshine. r
ELEGANT, new upper flat, 8 rooms with attic,
beamed ceiling paneled dining- room; rent
low. 1353 McAllister st.
NOE, 1052, corner Elizabeth-^ Sunny corner up-'
per. flat; new; 6 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements; convenient to 21th-Castro cars.
FLAT.* 6 rooms- and bath: $23 50. 49 Sanchez
st., bet. Thirteenth and .Fourteenth.
FIXE- sunny flat, ,7 rooms, bath: 2 attic
rooms and basement. 1428 Green st.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms, bath. 3435 Twentieth
st.. beC- Capp and Howard.
LEAVENWORTH. 1519V* — Flat ' of A rooms;
' yard and gas; rent $12. '
NEARLY. new. upper flat, 4 rooms and bath.
336 Tehama ;«t. "
TO ADYEKTISEKS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING" copy will be accepted
for , that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
•J — J.
PLATS TO LET — Continued.
PINE. 2S10 — Sunny upper flat. 7 rooms, bath;
large sunny yard; rent $35. •'.-.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4150. nr. Castro— New mod-
ern upper flat; 6 rooms and bath; $_!.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON _ HOAG. 118 Montgomery st.
PltATS TO Ii_T — rXISlvIS—ED.
CLAYTON. <511 — Furnished lower flat; 8 rooms,
bath; adults. Call Sunday or Monday.
7_ATS FOB 3A__— PUHNIS-TED.
A — MODERN sunny upper flat. 7 large rooms;
completely fur. 1G weeks ago. 017 Jones st.
PINE, 73!: — Five sunny r. and b.; well far;
rent $25; sell or trad» for small business.
PXm-TS WASTES — rUK27ISHED.
WANTED— A flat of about 7 rooms: complete-
ly furnished for winter months or longert
adults; references. Box 2S76. Call.
PURN1TUEE VAHTX-).
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"— A fact:
we. pay the most money for good furniture,
carpets, pictures, office fittings. merchan-
dise and complete houses. MARK J. LEVY
AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market St.. between
8th and 10th sts. Phone South 170.
ABE LEVyT"
Ealearoom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessls 781.
Dcn't sell your furniture, carpets, office, fu?-
Plture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L H.
BURP, anc. 1638 Market: phone Jasale 2C3A.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission n.. b»-
fore telling your furniture. Phone Red 4463L
PUKJ4ATU_t_ _*Q_t 8_J_3.
FOR sale — Massive- oak bedroom suite and
other furniture and hall carpet; all new.
Call after 1 p. m., 249 Noa «t.
LARGE white Polar bear skin, mounted; w til
sell at sacrifice. Call at fur store. U city
Hall square.
ALMOST given away; storage pianos, furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. Whltehead'*
Storage: open evenings. 1636 Market st.
HENRY MATER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 313
BREAKING up; all handsome, modern piece*
furniture. 8 months old; cheap. 1006 Halght.
HTTLP WANTED — r__CA_E.
COOK, Palo'AltoTllttle^wasWnV $33;* -"cookV
city, $30. $35: second girl. Palo Alto $25 '•
waitress, country hotel. $25; nurse and sec-
ond work, invalid, $25; cook for Alameda.
$30; maid and seamstress, $25; upstairs worlc
and nurse. Berkeley. $20; head waitress city
$3O; housework. Oakland. $30; 2 second girls'
rlty, $20: 3 restaurant waitresses, $8, $7 $3
week: housework, for Sonora. $25: nurse girl,
$15; housework. Alameda. $30; seamstress for
hospital $15, and 10 girls for general house-
work, city and country. $20, $25, $30. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st,
A. A. — GEORGE DAVI3 _ CO.. ~ — —
Employment Agency. 13O Sansom* st. r. 8k
Finishers on neckwear, good pay.
Candy saleslady. $6 week.
Perfume demonstrator. $10 week.
Soap dsreonstrator, $10 week.
Salesladies, notion department. $9 week.
Ealea.'ady. ladies' wear, $12 week. ■
Leather burner and clerk, $9 week.
Stenographer. $35.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK Register. Renting and
Adv. Co.. 612-613 Grant bldy.. Tth and Mar-
ket; South 104.
Saleslady, valises, cutlery, ataf ry. top salary.
Girl, general housework, small fa__ly. $20.
Girl, general housework, no wash. $25.
Young girl, light housework, $15 month.
Eight other housework places. $20. $25.
A — WANTED — Girls to loam hatrdreselng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 wks; tuition $5 to those entering now; 3
positions to fill immediately; positions guar-
anteed at $10 wk. up; only recognized school
of It- kind on coast: day and eve. classes.
233 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; position- aa
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teac_es _atr_re*«in#.
manicuring, electric m&ssage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS OX OVER-
ALLS, JUMPERS ANT> COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE N_C_SSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.. S_H
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVT3.
IN OAK_ANT>. COR. 10TH ANX> CLAT ST_.
SECWINO MACHINE OPERATORS O^
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE} NECES-
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAT.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
LADIF S wanted everywhere cofcytn? letters at
horn?, evenings or spare time, and return to>
us; no mailing or canvassing: $9 weekly
earned: materials free; inclose st?lf_vWrtsserl
envelope for particulars. GUARANTEE CO.,
No. W 12 Ninth St.. Philadelphia. Pa,
YOUNG woman who Is an experienced dry
goods wrapper. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.,
at HALE BROS.'
WOULD like some typewritlnff done by lady
owning typewriter; I hav» no office; stat«
where I could call. Bex 2504. Call.
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
plain cooking; wases $25.' 1SSS Fell.st.
WOMAN wanted as hcusekeep?r en ranch. 853
Howard St.. room 3. bet. 0 and 12. -
GIRL for second work and sewing; references.
2:U1 Broadway; apply until noon.
GOOD hards on vests who can make button-
holes. 641^i Stevenson st.
GOOD cook and ftcusekeeper; three In family.
25JI Mission st. . ,
A FEW more ladles may make their Christina*
pin money assisting with (,ur new lines deco-
rative work: no experience or talent re-
quired: pay by the piece; about 10c for pie-ca
at first. Call from 9 tr> 5. 1344 Marfcet !t
WANTED — A middle-aged woman as a house-
keeper in a small family of 3 adults; «»ri
$15; a good »teady home. Address F. R..
Tuolumne. CaL
WANTED — Chocolate dipper; $10 to $12 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDT CO.. Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh st.
, LADIES for steady home employment: t3 and
112 weekly. Emma SpreckeU bldg. 827 Mar-
ket »t.. room 61 S.
WANTED— Good hand at dressmaking. 813
Polk st.
A YOUNG nurse girl. $}ft7r> $15. Apply at 233
Third ave.. Richmond District.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. Op. m. Wednesday, salary no object.
E___» -7_,2rT_3>— -___I.E.
MEN— The cr.iy original Moler Barber Collej*
t«achrs barber trade in a »«:a; wa^ej
«arned_ while learning.
New quarters and r.»w appliance*.
. Call or writ* for illustrated cataloira*.
. Holer Barber Cpll«ge. <u:> Sacrament- st
" Lately moved from . Clay st.
WANTED — Men to prepare fcr railway mall.
internal revenue and custom-house position*:
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute. Grant bide.. 1095 Market; open ovss.RAHONA CHOCOLATE CHIPS OR RAflQNA D0/1IN0ES-FREE
* TTKIiP g*WTpp — TWftTVB Ofrntinfftfl.
A— MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 684S.
• 1 * Employment and Labor Agents.
? v * l»0* we Hope to
• W.000 Men Work tn 1903. Increase 60,000.
_ MISCELLANEOUS.
Tir-mnlta. city Job. $3 to (4 day.
5 saflmakers. city Jobs, $3 to $4 «ajr.
Milker aad wife, Portuguese, near city, $40
*r.d found.
Cook and wife, mine, Nevada. 23 men. $59
and found.
J^_r_ HOTEL HELP. - ]
C 00 "*- «"*iters. dishwashers, porters, bell
. and elevator boys. —
Dyer end cleaner, good Job. country.
Dairyman, north. $*5 to $40 and found,
barker and distributor, country laundry,
south. $15 a week.
6 pruners. vineyard. Santa. Cruz County, $40.
Harnesstcaker. ranch. C. C. Co.. $40 and fd.
Cook and wife, country restaurant. $S0 fd.
3 farm bands, steady Job, $30 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COAL MINERS— CREX3ON— COAL~MINER?. !
OREGON. COAI^MlNEIiS. OREGON. <
ML-RRATjt^ READY. 434-G36 Clay St.
TWO handy men. assist carpenters, no tools I
wanted. Government work, 25c hour.
2 rourh carpenters or handy men, with few
tools, Government work. 30c hour.
MURRAY «t READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MEN
_ WAiCTED— WANTED.
Hack drivers Sheet metal roofers
pain-men 6ign writers
Herbers Steam engineers
Hartf-cders Stone cutters
Brewers Steam R. R. employe*
GJoverr.fikert Chemical workers
Laundry help Tool and cutlery maker*
Waiters Cotton mill operators
«'«oks Umbrella workers
Butrhers Freight handlers
Baiters Flour millers
Confectioners Laundry workers
Cigar-makers Furniture makers
Gss workers Eookblaflers' men
rieciriclars Glassmakers
. copijersmltas Leather worker*
Coopt-rs IronmoJders
Casting clippers Icemakers
Painters, earrtajr* Steam fitters
Brewery workmen Fireiren
Brass finishers Electrical worker*
Boilermakers Granite cutters
BoatbuHders Marble cutters
M Indcw-efcade maker Moeaic workers
V&mishers ft poUsher Paint burners
Carpenters Painters
.-■■«t metal workers Plasterers
Woodworkers Plumbers
Bricklayers Casters and molders
Cinmakers Ehip machine shop
and soda xaaker* Upholsterers
Iroa drillers Undertakers
Joln^rn, ship, eto. Typcfrtphlcal help
Machinists Trunk and bag workers
. .:■...: polishers ■ Tanners
r** v *rs Sugar workers
K«ir:nerm«n Street-car men
Hanxe workers Stove makers
I'a.-aemakers Steieotypers
rsuterrmskers Electrc^pers
Lithographers Elevator ecnstnictow
Paper-box maker* Cement workers
Pil>* ?.nd lank makenPlasing mill help
Picture frame wrkrs
Bicycle and automobile makers
Boot and shoe makers- and repairiers
iira*E nntshers aad chandelier maker*
ULazierc and ornamental glassworkers
Paper hanpers aad fresco painters
Lead, paint and oil works
Piledrlvers. bridge builder*
Talk.r* and cloakmakers -
Blacksmiths and horeeshoers
Bridge and structural iron workers
Mantel, prate and tile fetters
Fhirwrighls an <i caulkers
R*«fd and rattan workers
Cracker and J:iscuit makers
TO IMMEDIATKBV FILL THE FOLLOW-
ING BLANK:
Deoembcr 1804.
Narfie
Address
Plate "....
Ac?
Fiiujle cr married
Nationality
Oi-cupstion
Are you willing to 6tay in San Francisco
nr to go to other California cities and towns
to work beside man and man? ("No distinc-
tion. •» OrEN-SHOP PLAN
Wee.es and hours
As now paid
Fill out blank and forward to following
*daross: MURRAY & READY.
6.14 to e3<5 C!ay st., San Francisco. CaL
Or call in person.
• BKBB IB THE LAW.
HEAP IT.
January 13, 1903.
It ie unlawful in the STATE OF CALI- '
FORMA f'-r any person, firm, corporation
cr association pursuing, for profit, to receive
directly or indirectly any money cr other
valuable consideration from any p»n»on seek-
ing employment for the RIX5ISTER1NG OP
HIP cr HER NAME. Th«" position must he
actually furnished— NOT RFXJISTRATION.
Retpect fully.
MURRAY & READY, <S34-C3ft Clay rt.
~F0RKME?I.~ " ~~
Foreman understands concrete, powder, etc.;
$1^0 Ajii found.
Grading foreman; boys here; $3 V> day.
F' reman, brickyard: ho«» here.
LOOK'.
K»r<!wo<V! turner: south: $3 <lay.
Carpenter; rough work; fare COe; $2 SO dsy.
3 rough oarp«Hers; $3 day.
HARXEFS MAKER. $40 and found.
Ajisay«*r f^r gold mine. $3 day.
Nurseryman ; prun*; $2« and found.
y.:'A:?r. butter maker; $35 and found.
CHOREHES AND BOYS.
12 reneral rench. orchard, yard hands; $28
and SSO and found.
6 PBUNERS.
MURRAY ft READY. fl34-«»S Clay st.
~~ AT HORD & SMITH'S^
Contractors? Agents 95 Third st.
Man and wife as first and second cooks, hotel.
couth. f"0 and found.
Teamsters, Bay'Shor*, 12.
GoUcltor for tea. and coffee house, big In-
ducements.
Man for dyebouse, experienced. $15 to $20.
A.A.— GEORGE DAVIS & CO. ~" ~~
Employment Agency. 130 Bansome et., rm. 9.
Oiarrpagne salesman, $20 week,
ttenoin-apher. $RR. roust have to-day.
Falefman elik skirts, wraps. $20 week.
• Collector. $40.
Neat solicitors, $2 day.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK Register. Renting and
><5v. Co.. 612-013 Grant bldg.. Seventh and
Market sts. Phone South 104.
Gent's furnishing goods salesmen, $14. $17 50.
Fhoe salesmen, permanent positions. $1%.
Practical watrhrraker b*>nch hand. $100.
Jeweler and engraver: your own salary.
ANCRE'6 Office. 317 Stockton st.
Man handy with carp«*nter's tools, $2 to
$2 60 a day; cement workers; cook, $50. etc.
YOt'NG man to do office work wanted: must
■ write a rapid, legible hsnd. Apply bet 9
and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS.'
•WANTED— JT ob ng man who Is an exp*rl-
enc*d bundle wrapper. Apply bet. 9 and 11
a. m.. at HALE BROS.'
YOT'NG men everywhere, copy letters, home,
ereninjrs; $9 50 week; send addressed en-
velope for particular*. Manager Dept. W-12,
Box 1411. Phils detohla. Pa. *::■■
TTATCTED — One or two men to learn a trade;
must have flO for security: no Bunday work.
Call f!8 Merchant, bet. Kearny and Montgy.
A THOROfGHLY flrwt-class bushelman: must
_2** ve _ lfo< i Hl J* f 'r*TK>e». Call 11 Battery et.
■WINDOW-SHADE maker wanted; open shop.
Address box 2549. Call office.
. WANTED — A dishwasher, old man. at 200
Eighth «t.
OFFICE boy: 14 years of age; muet have
reference. Apply 216 Rlalto building. 0 a. m.
CARPENTER wanted. 458 Stevenson rt.
BOY in plumbing shop. 31% Ninth «t
WANTED — Rd-jeated gentleman for encyclope-
<!U *ork; $1000 p«-r year: references required.
Bex 11SG. Call office.'
BARBKB shop for sale; good paying; 3 chairs-
in Nuria; cheap. Inquire 111 Ellis eL, S. F.,
or Napa Hotel barber t hop. Napa.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 871 Mlsrion st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts..
or 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
WANTED-— Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
nlsjht: clothes clouts, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. eSl Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 SO
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; opentlH 9 p.m.
SCHOOLBOY to carry morning papers; no
.Sunday work.' Apply 1325 Mission st.
• BARBER trade taught absolutely free.
HAIGHT'S. 751 Mission st. ; see him.
MEN* to learn the detective business; paid
vhlle learning;. 697 Market et., room 101.
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition ' free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st.
gEU WA1TTEP — MALE — Contignad.
AA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE: BUREAU.
A C06 Market St., room 825. fifth floor.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.«
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
stenographer $15 week
Manager department stor* $25 week
Bill and entry clerk .$12 week
Drug clerk 512 week
Checker iil" week
Timekeeper TfI3 week
Accountant $19 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $18 week
Two shipping clerks ....$15 week
General office work : . . .$15 week
<lerk. city or country $15 week
Young man, learn dentistry $10 week
t>O6 Market et.. room 325. fifth floor.
POSITIONS FOR THE NEiW YEAR.
High-grade Balesm«n. office and technical
men, eeeklng positions, will find It to their
advantage to Investigate our plan. Whether
employed or unemployed, we can Interest
you. Calls received dally for men for de-
sirable positions in mercantile and technical
lines. Our charges are moderate and our
TvsponFlbility is open to your investigation.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY/'
4H>-41t> Starr King b!dg.. 121 Geary st.
YOUNG man stenographer, rapid and accurate;
salary M0 to start. COMMERCIAL CLEAR-
ANCE CO.. 415 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary.
EXPERIENCED young man bookkeeper, col-
lector and cashier; must be good penman,
rapid and accurate; salary, $75. COMMER-
CIAL CLEARANCE CO.. 418 Starr King
b'.dg.. 121 Geary «L
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Spanish stenographer, excellent pay.
Buyers for cigar stands In city.
Fingrle-hand miners, $21 a week.
Porter, packer and •kipper, wholesale, good
ray.
Drivers for wagons in the city.
Photographer for country, good pay.
Many openings for men of ability.
Piano, tailor and printing salesmen, good
pay.
61 Third st. Suits 6-10.
WANTED— Man buyer and manager for estab-
lished cloak and suit department in Los An-
eeles; one of the largest in the city; good
salary and commission on increased busi-
ness; must have thorough knowledge and ca-
pable of handling a large force; best of ref-
«renoe« required. Address oil correBpondence
to JACOBY BROS.. Los Angeleg. Cal.
WANTED— Few high-class solicitors to sell
certificates of deposit \n a bankinr corpora-
tion; some financial assistance to those with
ability and Al references; none other need
apply; opportunity to realize $5 to $10 par
day. Address box 1046. Call office.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon: must be quite gray,
but active: positively no other: no traveling;
• alary $200 or more when well started. Call
. at 25 Third it.
WANTED — Men sjid women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under first-class Instructor; only 6
weeks required at GILLETTS SCHOOL, 611
Commercial et.
WASTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House . proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third *t. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night
MEN" wanted at 137 3d st., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 m!n., 75c.
SAILORS and young men igreen hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montffy., r. 415.
PENSION atty.. H. A. Bullis. r. 40. Pneian~bld.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. . R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c ni^ht: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
a" BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1CGS MarTTet St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes. EliE-htly damaged, half
price. C71 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2d ets.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FIRE sale — Vehicles of all descriptions ellght-
ly damaged by flre, smoke and water, to be
sold at a sacrifice during next 5 davs at
O'BRIEN & SONS'. 500 Golden Gate ave.
CARLOAD gentle driving and business horses,
also heavy wagon and truck horses. WEST-
ERN HORSE MARKET, E. STEWART &
CO.. 220 Valencia et.
TWO carloads broke horses, weighing from
1000 to 1G00 pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket. E. STEWART & CO., 220 Valencia.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY, Pres. » 510 Golden Gate
FOR sale — Buggy, $35; horse, work single or
double. $35. 131S Grove st
A STYLISH, gentle horse for sale; 7 years
old; trots or paces. Box 1497. Call office.
BUGGY for sale; fine running order. Address
box 1298, Call office.
FOR sale — 10 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale st.
At'CTION sale of horsr-s, wagons ajid harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van Ness ave.—
Tills first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
ne.a.eon cr year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable: superb view; furnishings are ait
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
New York, and Moana Hotel, Honolulu.
HOrjSESJxO-J^ET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 'JO Montgomery
HOUSE — 7 eunny rooms, bath and basement:
174S Hyde St.; rent $25. F. L. JONES.
Mills bldg.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office.
SUNNY 11 -room residence; marine view; gar-
den. 1316 Green St.; $65; elegant.
HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath. Inquire 126
Eddy st. J :< ..;
KOXTSES TO LET— rUEHISHED.
PINE. 2786 — Cozy, sunny 8 r. and b. ; complete-
ly fur.: larre yard; basement; fine locality.
HOUSES PUEHISHED-POE SALE.
5 ROOMS, complete for housekeeping: nlc car-
pets and oak furnfture: cheap. 506 Sixth st.
COTTAGES TO I.ET.
$16 — 5-ROOM cottage en Cottage row. nr. Web-
tter. bet. Sutter and Burh. Inquire Xo. 7.
. __ rwjBTAx.i.MEjrr btjxxsxko. _^
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY. *
Installment homes, 612 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
S8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments less than rent: send for circular.
: '. ' =
LOST AND rOTJND.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbcrnla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of ELIZABETH J. MACKENZIE, No.
241-1110; the finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— Sable collie dog. white breast, four
white feet, 18 months old; license No. 255)4.
Return to 1807% Pine it. and receive re-
ward. .
LOST — Tues.. at Newman &. Levlnson's, pair
gold lorgnettes; liberal reward by returning
to California Optical Co., 2C5 Kearny st. ;
CHIP diamond and ruby tings left in lavatory
of White House, Please return to office of
same. '
LOST — Fur boa, on Masonic ave., S. F. ; re-
ward: return to elevator boy, 807 Sutter st.
LOST — Sunday, round leather purse containing
sum of money. Reward Auditorium Hotel.
LOST — Gold heart- pin; three pearls. Finder
please return to 232416 Fillmore St.; reward.
LAUNCHES FOR KIBE. '
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
et.: for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MXPiCAXT~ . !
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate 'relief by consulting Dr. White 1 ,
the only graduate physician in San Fran- '
Cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the head.. He guaran-
tees relief' or no I m > ( 1 itiiWfMWtW^UW*
DR. }VHITE.' 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leaven worth at.^ be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 . Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;CALU,; WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1904.
I FREE TO SMALL AD PATRONS OF
.\ .V YOUR. CHOICE OF ONE BOX OF ."•. .-.
■ i?7.Tv.rv«5i -pT.Tfcrlf.oc are a Home production, made in Cali-
itamOIla i/aIKU65 t . u t7mttoi?t \/ mew
i ■ forma, by an E.JN 1 1KELY NEW
\ PROCESS, and represent high art in candy making. Special .
i attention is given to the selection of ingredients that make up
these candies, and the factory at Berkeley is a model of immac-
; ulate cleanliness. s
I Ramona Chocolate Chips are strictI 7 pure^ %KoK "
— oUlllv, d.lWa.yo v^Ilop a.
i In Ramona Dominoes: we are offering advertisers a
. • box of the cleanest and most
< appetizing candy on the market,
i 1 hey taste hke more.
I Ramona Candies are on sale everywhere.
\ Free to any person presenting a Small Ad
Thursday, Friday or Saturday
i ===== FOR =====================
Call Business Office.,. Third and Market Sts.
! Oakland Office - - 1016 Broadway
j UEDICAL — Continued.
LADIES — Pcssibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the eldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When In
trouble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped: I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
. DR. E. G. WEST, ofnee 305 K«arny st.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
estab. 18S4 In S. F. ; 2ti years' experience;
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin Is well
known to enjoy the Implicit confidence of
ladiee suffering from irregularities or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low: hours 2 to 4 and <>:.'tft to 8:30
p. m. 850 Market* et., second floor, room 37.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylveeter, 219 Kearny
St. '.relief guaranteed; no drugs.no operations.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10GS% Market st.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed : 30 years' experience. 944 "Post St.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies specialist, removed
from /111S Market to 838 Mission St., near
Fourth; home in confinement; 25 years' ex-
perience; best medical attention; low fees.
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve Spec-
ialist, has arrived; limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
'LADIES — Kumround: cafe. sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny St Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
20th: ladles, relief cr do fee; $10.
A WEEK'S news for 5'cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS — 7OS SALE.
AN easy way to give Christmas presents wlth-
. out straining your purse: Select anything
from our large stock of diamonds, watches.
Jewelry, cut-glass silverware, gold and sliver
umbrellas, etc. ; deliver you the goods on first
payment;, the balance In small Installments;
no charge for engraving; call in and exam-
ine our goods. UNITED LOAN AND TRUST
CO., 21 Stockton St., near Market. Phone
Bush 4S4. -•>:-•'. ,. ; ■ ; -
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, . felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
dtcks. balconies, etc. Mastic Roof ■ Paint and
Roofing Cement win stop small leaks. Write
us about it. Elaterlte Roofing Co., 713 Market. 1 -
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, • pumps,
, pulleys, shafting, etc., etc... bought, sold,?
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE -MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McINV
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 103-197; Fremont st.
KISCSLLAKZOnS — FOR SAIiS— Con.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton Ft. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 r>0; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DERfcMER'S, ,137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12, upstairs. % ,-
AN «lea;ant sealskin, good as new, only $70.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stock-
ton «t.. «eoond floor.
FOR sale — Four-wheeled Invalid, chair; half
.price. 113 Lexington ave., after 5 p. m.
ALL kinda of talking machines and records at
LEVY'S, 415 Kearny at.; exchanges made.
BIG bargains In unredeemed diamond pledges
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
SWELL white fox stole ;/very handsome; worth
$50; accept $12 50. Call 1006 Halght St.
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. GARIN'S. 114lSutter st
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell s t.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices.' Price Pump Co.. 623 Market st.
SAFES and cash registers; new and seconj-
/ hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
CD-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1007 Market.
DESKS- bought, sold\ and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy. Co.. 807 Mission st.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
~ bargains. Dullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand^ THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
tMSOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
■ all stiea. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st. . .'
ROOMS papered, $4 , up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413. ■
V inBCELLAHEOUB WAITTS.
AAAAAA— BUYS any. amount good 2d-hand
clothing; special price for fancy ladles' and
\ inen'a clothes. 922 Folsom;. tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel.Davls S25. 650 Sacramento at.
DIAMONDS ' and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. • r. 405. Adams
bldg.. •; 206 Kearny st. ; phone Black . 303ft.
Levy ARedler, highest price for gents' cast-off
: , clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1644., C15 Washington
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
• ..Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ; In ■ the
MATTRESSES AUT> F1I.LOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
' process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. : phone South 21ft.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAAAA— A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
.place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided Interests.
Goods in bond. -
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates In probate. -_,.-.,
Life estates.
• Si«uial department for loans to ladles on
their notes.
Private offices for ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st, near Market.
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA— THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
. vou very ■ liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) par cent per month; if you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you: all business strictly confidential.
' . . 25 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MARKET.
Private offices at 21 Stockton st., 2d floor.
N. B. — The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cu?-
' tomers. . A v .
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY, (Inc.)—
....ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
9 ...INTEREST 6% AND 0 PER CENT....
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
-.....;. PROPERTY
' Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds.
legacies and undivided interests In property
» purchased.
I.... MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5024.
SALARY LOANS— \
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
. ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
' any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and ; get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
HIGHLY' respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
Der cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and, 27 Third. . _ ...
A— ON furniture or piano* at lowest rates; no
- removal ; no publicity; ; also on ■ real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, ■ room 36.
LOANS on personal notes, salaries, furniture,
second mortgages, etc. : easiest terms In city.
. United Service Credit Co., 8 Taylor «t.
TO salaried people without security. The White
.. ■ Co., . 420 California St.. rooms 14 and 15.
MOBTTTg TO ItOAJT — ContinnaO.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
G01-602-6O3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
eets. assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN T"
- J A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
- Low rate of interest.
GiT« full particulars
S ■/ ; i of property,
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
■ecurity; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaried without
security; diamond* or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 523 Parrott bid.
I PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removai;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. jTm»THAl/fll 10 Sixth at.
PRIVATE party will loan money on salaries
without security. Room 75, 913 Market st.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned in sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable interest. A. O. Colton, 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
ns. Hntton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per' cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy at.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTETJMEKTS.
A NUMBER~OF '" BARGAINS IN~UPRIGHTS.
A small upright, a snap ....$05
- Stodart. mahogany case, fine condition.. $185
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert. .$145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $160
Also a Chickering. Vose, Steinway, Weber,
Mason & Hamlln, Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st.
A GREAT opportunity — We are closing out
our ertire Seattle stock in S. F. at price*
never heard of before: all makes; your
U-irr.f- are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed i:
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 205-237
Geary St.. S. F. ; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice— Car fine new
pianos in storage: slightly damaged by R.
R. wreck; less than $lu0; pianos guaranteed;
open eves. Whitehead's Storage. 1636 Market.
PARTY must sell large Steinway upright;
cost $700; price $2s5; will accept payments:
no reasonable cash offer refused. 237
Geary st.
ALMOST given away— Storage pianos, furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. Whlt°head's
Storage, It" » Market st.; open evenings.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed if-pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes St.
$35 — EASTERN piano, cost $400. for sale on $5
installments. 1309 Gough St.. near Geary.
OPEN' evenings until Christmas. Byron Mauzy
Piano Warerocms. 30S-'J12 Post st.
A SMALL Steinway upright; cost $500: $1S3
takes it. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for $96.
237 Geary «t.
FOR honest and fair dealing. Hornung Piano
House. 216 McAllister Ft.
ELEGANT uprights, new & 2d-hand.$43 to $500.
Plerce's Piano Factory, Market and 14th ats.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Ebonlnger, little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
PEBSO27AX.S.
, ••R-E-X-R-A-D-I-C-S B-U-L-L-E-T-I-N."
- "HUNDREDS RECENTLY HEALED."
"HE 8AVKD MY LIFE" LAST WEEK.—
Through eating tainted meat I suffered the
most awful, exerutiating torments from
PTOMAINE POISONING. Every moment
eeeir.ed as if it would be my LAST. 1
writhed In exquisite anguish all the time.
There was constant violent vomiting and
purging with inconceivable, intolerable tor-
ture all over my body especially in stom-
ach and bowels. I felt 1 must surely Vliu
unless speedily helped, but nothing relieved
me in the least. 1 was collapsing from the
most cruel agonies and exhaustion. Then
came Rexradio. whose "first" treatment (in-
stantly) gave me extraordinary relief. It waa
like passing trom hell to heaven. The second
treatment fully and permanently stopped all
the dreadful pains, vomiting and purging,
with no return* since. That night I slept
soundly and ever since have felt like a new
man, entirely painless, easy and hear»y, an-1
able as ui?ual to attend to my business. 1
cannot speak too highly, of Rexradio and hU
truly "marvelous" humanized radium treat-
ment, which I earnestly recommend to all
sufferers. Before I was a "skeptic." but now
Rexradio has not a more enthusiastic, grate-
ful advocate than I am. He healed me as
if by magic, and undoubtedly saved my
life. Call on me any time. — Richard J.
Keneflck. 7 Fourth st. f
"OSSIFIED LADY." — Mrs. Knowles" once toj-
id joints continue to freely move. Call and
read the marvelous defMls in "written" tes-
timony dictated and signed by her HUS-
BAND: far MORE wonderful than previous
"brief" notices; also numerous WIT-
NESSES of the great benefit, who knew for
years her helpless condition, are willing to
be "interviewed."
"A MULTITUDE" of patients recently suc-
. cessfully treated for anchylosis, deaf-
mutelsm, paralysis, neuralgia, rheumatism,
lumbago, blindness, fever, cancer, ulcer, ca-
tarrh, locomotor ataxia, contracted muscles,
gastritis, pneumonia, tumor, sciatica, fit?,
etc.; also numerous cases of FEMALK
WEAKNESSES quickly, • wonderfully helped
by Rexradio. after all others had FAILED
utterly. Call and see stacks of testimonials.
(DISTANT treatments dven^)
"REXRADIO' S" office hours, 2 to 7. DAILY
"'public" healing, 2 and 8 p. m. Bring sick
roor. Call for WEEKLY CIRCULAR. 1
Fourth st. (cor. Market).
AA— WHY look old?
Fifteen day rate will- now b* given by HUE.
GILUNGHAM: a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face can be seen dally; write for book-
let. 143 Stockton st.. cor. Geary.
s¥EclAL~BETwi5N~SEASON LOW RATE3
this week for facial beautifying; a face with-
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
scientific treatment: consultation and book-
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 123 Geary St.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures damirsS
and Itching fecalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac- |
cept no rubstitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1339 Polk.
MRS LEGG, the' noted mental scientist, has
opened offices at 2214 Howard st.: all dls- 1
eases positively cured without medicine: to-
( bacco & liquor habits specialty: consult free.
NOTICE— Any one desiring to become master
of their own destiny and become an initiate
in the Cabala for Information. "The Philo-
sophical Pub. Co.. 1429 Market st.
OXYGEN m"a«sage cures weakness and nervous
troubles. Office. 820 Starr King btdg.. 121
Geary st. MRS. HOLSHOUSER. magneUo
Epeclaiist: .ladles and gentlemen.
CANCERS, floating kidney, rectal, spinal d!s-
I eases cured painlessly. MRS. ADA. 1024 Mis-
sion St.
ASTHMA and rheumatism cured free.- Th«
I Blue Cross Medical Aid Specialists. 1035 Mkt.
C. E. JEWETT, purchasing agent: country
orders. 305 Larkln. r. 40. tel. South 319.
FANCY and silk dresses carerully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1S60. 2123 Fl'Imore it.; phone Geary 2O5X
AT lets than cost; uncalled for rults. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. LoaJoa
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture *or $7 30
down and SI 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 840 Post st.. near Powell.
ELECTRIC light baths; hot and cold tub
baths. 467 Geary st. .
FACE massage and electric • treatments, newly
opened parlors. 104 Kearny st/. 2d flocr.r. 2.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 M\:.
II a week;' suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
■Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
TO ADVEKTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
i ING copy 4ill be accepted
• for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
4 — i -j.
- gEBSONAXS-~5?oiitlnned.
INFORMATION wanted of PERRY or HAR-
LOW WALKER, who left Cattaraugus Coun-
ty. New York State, about B5 yean Ago. or
of th«!ir descendants; his niece. CATHERINE!
BERTHEN'A WALKEJt, daughter o«
CHANCY WALKEH, now widow of JOSEPH
TUCKER. s*eks this Information. Address
AIRS. JOSEPH TUCKER. IS SC Charles St..
longrueull, Quebec. Dominion of Canada.
ONE dollar weekly keeps yeu in fine elothtns.
Art Tailoring;. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
•ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
Testa, for 114 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
Superfluous hair removed- electric needle. Mm.
Eaton.360 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.33.
TAILOR-MADE suit |7 60; dress pant* $2 10.
Misfit Clothing; Parlor. cor. Bush and Dupont*
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
_ country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Eiryptlan Henna restores gny
b«Jr to Its nautral color. $1 at all drurelsts*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tn* re«ep^
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market sl. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. tn. ...■.■.
PHYSICIANS AITD StrBCKE0IT3.
DR. C. C. CDONNELL— Otflce and^esTdeac*^
1021 % Market st.. bet. eth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a tpectalty.
PR, BALL. 1073% Market «t.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. hern doctor.
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now Lo.
cated at 667 Geary »t.. near LeaTenwortfl.
TVONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dl»-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
•poeltlvely cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
PURCHASING AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkln St.. room 4»; tal. South 313.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at -
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bids;.. 532 Market st.
BEAI, ESTATE — COUNTKY — Tot Sala.
WHITE & ISA Y LEY,
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
|4 50 per acre — « miles of Cloverdala and
railroad; 4WO acres, comprising- the best stock
ranee and especially adapted to sheep; 2 fino
llvinx streams run several r-.iU.-3 through tho
property; careful estimates place the oa!c
stumpage at 125.C0O cords, tor which we hava
an offer of 25 cents per cord on contract with
cash payment annually whether wood la cut or
not; wood alone more than pays for the place.
$12,5oO— 3s6 acres rich alluvial soil; 2 miles
of two thriving railroad towns and not far
from Lodi. San Jpaquin County; small almond
orchard; coed house. 6 rooms and hous* for
help: tine barn holding 100 tons; wagon shed;
blacksmith shop; windmill. SO0O gallon tank;
fenced and cruss-fenced; terms or exchange;
Bllt-edge bay property. "
SS5uo — On oiled dtive; 1 mile of Llvenaore:
40 acres healthy, full bearlns vineyard; about
5 acres fruit; plain dwelling; barn; good well
and windmill; 2 years' crop will pay for this
place.
S300O — 25 acres: 1 mile of Courthouse and
Hi£h School; 5 acres fine alfalfa; 10 acres
Bartlett pears and almonds; balance alfalfa
land; 2 wells; fully equipped pumping plant:
dwelling, barn, poultry houses; crying plant;
half cash. ■
$4000—33 acres level loam land near Elmlra:
12 acres apricots, 12 French prunes; family
orchard; 5 acres Bartlett pears; 5-room cot-
tasa; barn; 12 poultry houses: brooder
houses; 2 wells; windmill and tank: would
subdivide on ea3y j terms or accept unimproved
lots tn part payment.
$600 — Almost adjoins, stores, P. O. and A
miles of Anderson; 10 acres; 6 acres bearing
peaches; cabin 16x21; under Irrigation ditch;
well fenced; poultry men. Investigate quick.
$1000 cash required, balance any time to
please you; 40 acres all under fine Irrigation
system; 25 In full bearing fruit; 5-room and
bath cottage: barn, stable: 5 acres rich hay
land for alfalfa; balance timbered pasture; 1
mile of Courthouse and depot; don't wait to .
write, but come and investigate. •
$300 down; 1 mile of R. R. town; |8 acr»»
level black loam; no buildings: well fenced;
13 acres full bearing pears and French prunes;
fine creek for poultry: pric<* $20«n>. any term*.
$4000 — Best hop land in Sonoma County: 4O
acres, 6 miles of Santa Ro?a • ' irsje hophous*:
!> head of Jersey cow?: ho^s; -*■■•► hens; wagon,
bufrsry. 2 sets of harness, span horses, farming
tools, dairy utT.sils. furniture; buy this an<t
make money faster than they do tn the Mint.
J$500— Close tn Nara City; 50 acres rich,
level land; 33 acres In orchard 12 years oM:
good 8-room house; large barn, windmill ar"1
tank; drying plant, poultry yards; horses, cat-
tle: farming tools; good furniture; fine lncom?:
half cash.
$2.~0G — 25 acres/ half rolling and balance
level; near Santa Rosa. 3 miles of Kenwood:
rich land: 2 acres orchard: vineyard: credit. 2
welts: nice cottage, 5 rooms; large barn:
fenced Into 4 flelrls: 5 poultry-houses. larga
wire netting yards. 130 laying hens; goo'I
horse, S cattle; spring wagonv top buggy;. 4
tons hay: easy terms.
$4750 — On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Joss; 33 acres; 12 in full bearing orchard in
fine condition: balance gently sloping fine hav
land; fine cr«»k: 2." magniflcept oak trees; 1-
room eottnpe; good stablf fine income: wa
have a choice list of small homes In Sant-\
Clara COunty; pleased to drive you around anti
show them
«.20r>0 — 2 mil" of fnnoma City; 10 acres level
garden soil; S'-i acres bearing vines;. 1 acr»
fruit: good dwelling, barn, poultry-houses:
horse. wa?on. carts, plows, 3 sets harness,
tools, wine press, tanks and casks: furniture;
fino crop.
$1700 — 25 acres, close to Callstoga: adaptM
to vines and trees: famllv orchard; coxy 5-
room cottage: ircod barn: fine water.
$400 down — 5 acres good land, with new,
hard finished cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
large brooder-house, 2 Incubators, brooders: all
farming tools; near Petaliima: pr!ce J200O.
$r>">00 — Only 1 mile of Haywards: 37 acres
fine land: 4 acres bearing orchard: modern
house, 6 rooms and bath: finest bam In county,
alone cost $4<W>; fine view; this Is the best buy
In the vicinity.
LODI. LODI. .
The town that has the "SNAP" to It: t!i»
section that has the most fertile soil In th«
San Joaauln Valley; fin? roads; water trans-
portation.
We ar« subdividing a choice tract In 10-acre
lots: only 2H miles from town: surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards ar.d vineyards:
soil rich, black, sandy loam. 12 feet deep:
school on the tract: $75 per acre: this will not
last over 30 Says; first come, first served.
J12C0— io acres In vine and fruit belt, near
Lodi: nandy lnam; 5-room house aad barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most dlTerst-
•fled printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BATLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
23 Montgomery »t., room 8.
; Property Exchange a . Specialty.
$5000 — 80 ACRES of land, all under enltlrm-
tlon. with Improvements. In orctani section
cf Sutter County; only three miles front
county seat and on lino oX new trrigaUoa
«ltd».
A inap If takes soon, bat will net k-*>
M. J- NEWKOM.
400 8econ4 st.. MaryivlU*. CmL
ATTENTION. HOMKSEEKER3!
Fend postal for cataiogucs of the best Iaa4
bargains in California. C M. WOOSTKR CO..
MS Market st.
% block. Red Bluff, unlncumberwi. central lo-
cation, for sale cr exchange. Box 2SS4, Call.
CONTRA Costa. County real estate for sale.
Send for U«t. P. J. WEST. Martlnes. Cal.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 rents — Th« Weakly Call.
For Additional Class! fled Advertise-
ments Sec Pace 14.
1314
tBAI. ES-ATE— CITY — FOB SAI.E.
HEADQUARTERS >OR PARK LOTS.
Do veu realize that the trowing city of San
Fraacisco has enly a small area of
Ocean Beach T
Astounding prices -will be obtained for lots
fronting the ocean in near future.
We offer the only traded lots fronting right
on bculevard. ocean and park.
$150 to $:000 — Unobstructed ocean and park
view. Lots on easy terms. None Ilk*
them in this city. Selling rapidly at
cur lew prices and terms. Don't
m'.zs Lhls opportunity; ste
them to-day.
j".f 0 to $350 — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Get off car at our oc-anslde branch office oa
corner H et. and 47th ave., open dally
and Sunday.
$GCO to $1100 — Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lots. On installments.
$100 to $400 — Level Excelsior Homestead lota
Near cars. $3 monthly.
S12S9 to $3000 — Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond. Oceanside and Mission;
<asy terms.
fOL, GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 54, fourth floor. Chronicle bldg.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS, " "
IlEAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
ELEVENTH ST. CORNER.
120 FEET OF FRONTAGE
PATS 7 PER CENT: COULD BE MADE TO
PAY 9 PER CENT.
PltlCE. $20,000.
THOMAS MAGEE & SON'S,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$5500.
RENTS $45.
2 2-PTORY HOUSES ON 30-FT. LOT.
•CLOSE TO MARKET AND TWELFTH.
A GOOD BUY.
OTARKELL ST* "
CLOSE IN.
$36,000.
Good frontage and extra larg* depth back to
rear street.
Over 4200 square feet on ground floor.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 Montgomery et.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union bldg.)
Two cheap lots. 27:6x110, on the sunny side
of Union; good frontage and depth; pretty
• tr.arlne view; they must be iold: any offer
w;l! be eubmitwd; the price we ask is $1700
each; within ir.<> fett lots are held at $3000
on account of the marine view and choice lo-
cation; flats bring big rents and there are none
vacant: this Is a splendid buy for Income.
Another fine buy — 2 choice lots, east eide 11th
ave., near Point' Lobos ave., 50x120; graded;
strr-et pra<!<»d. macadamized and sewered; only
$1000 for both; certificate of California Title
Insurance Co. cws with the lots.
W. J. GUXN.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
tl 25 PEP. WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
*W> for choice . loU. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; Jevel as a billiard table; on grade;
c!cee to f.ne school and Mlssion-st. electrlo
car*: bour.d to double ia value. \
$400 each, on installments cf $10 per month;
no taxes; fine Jots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots in this dis-
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
T6 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$]<>.5<V>. INCLUDING bltuminlzing cf street;
terms to suit; :: swell flats not yet com-
y,\ex.f<l; rents $l<^0 per annum; every known
possible latest improvement: 16 minutes from
«^ity Hall: Seventh-ave. boulevard, near Ful-
ton «.; close to the park; all- night car
*ervice. Call from 1 to 4, Seventh ave., nr.
Fulton et.
• HEAP— Cottage. 5 rooms. Apply 2150 Fll-
bfrt Et.
ETANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. t>36 Howard at.
SAW agATEO BEAIi ESTATE.
L<JMITA PARK.
As ar. investment or for a .home Bite, a 50-
foot lot in Lomita Park offers exceptional ad-
v~ma£f-s. Only 45 minutes from the city on
the San Mateo electric line; outside the fog
!«:;t; well located and drained; artesian water;
struts Era<1*-d; water and sewer pipes laid.
Terms— A first payment of from $10 up and
halsnre at $in j.er ir.on;h. Easily within the
rt-ach Of all. First placed on the market Aug-
ust 1 ar.d over half now sold. Must be seen
to he appreciated. Go down and investigate or
write to-day — to-morrow may be too late to
Ff;ure a choic*.
.SEI.BT, RODGETIS & CO..
Main 673. 110 California at.
Alro et LOMITA PARK.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BERKELEY HEAX. ESTATE.
TWO vacant lotE; 2 cottages and lots; also
large place for chicken ranch; all great bar-
gains; no agents. Call at 21)17 Shattuek ave.,
rear Ashby. any afternoon.
OAKLAND ADYERT ? S ? M ? TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAMPBEAL ESTATE.
WE ha\> clients looking for Investments tn
Oakland rroperty. If you have either house*
cr lots for tale call at our office or mall ua
lull description and price.
C. E. REED.
4CS Eleventh et.. Oakland.
|7f<00— HANDSOME new R-rocm house; furn-
ae»; Lakeside district, near business center;
„ mun sell. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE
''^^ 4GA-402 E:£hth st., Oakland.
A SNAP— Choice lot. 110x125." 6 W. cor 21st
er.<l Myrtle «ts. ; will be sold as a whole or
in subdivisions: cold to cettle an estate. 1453
Myrtle *t.. Oakland.
OAKLA27D PUBH1TUBE POB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for
ture. H. Schelbaa*. 11th »t.. cor. More. Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem't's
BOOaiS POB HOTJSKEEFIUG.
EDDY, HZ— 2 fumirhed rooms; parlor floor;
kitciirn; gas range; sunny; yard.
ELLI*-. TM— I>arKe room; grate; 2 cloeets: run-
rir.g water- also double car. fur. or unfur.
ESSEX, 11. between l«t and 3d, off Folsom
:> unfurnlFhed and 2 furnished housekeeping:
rooms; $12 f>0 each.
FOURTH. 491— Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping (gas stove); no children.
FIFTH. -.TM— 3 furnished housekeeping rooms-
also 2 houF'keoping. $12. *
FIFTH: 3.V — 3 fornlsbed housekeeping $15-
also 2. $10 50; on e single hall, $5. '
KI-LL. 222 — 2 housekeeping rooms; also single
room.
OUARY. 1223— Fine. furn!5hed rooms in fine
location; sunny, with marine view; all coa-
vr.l'-nces; very r*aso::able.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 257— 2 newly furnished
sunny rooms; gas range; hot and cold water.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631— Nice rooms for
housekeeping; all conveniences.
GROVE, 22 — Unfurnished rooms for housekeeD-
i.ir '
HAIGHT, 232— Beautiful unfurnished sunny
frr-at lxw.rn; eeparste kitchen; couple or jre.n-
tleir.cn. Tel. Fell 2-T2.
HAYES. 232— Two light, nice rooms complete
for bou re keeping, with private bath.
HOWAIZD. 71!T^— Housekeeping; 3 large sunny
rooms. Ftiltsble for 3 or 4 adults; respectable;
no transient.
HOWARD. 15S8 — Housekeeping rooma with
C&.E range, bath end phone; als> single room.
HOWARD. S29 — Housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. 223 — Lerjri? frcnt room, furnished,
housekeeping;, gas; $2 75 to $3 25 week..
KnxrLWbnTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
rcom cunny apartments: steam heat; cen. loe.
KNICKERBOCKER '. Apartments, 1340 Pine —
Eunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
•.lectric liehtrd: free baths; rates reasonable.
LACUNA, 1 507, ocr. Geary— Xewly furnished,
gunny rooms; new flat: private family; reas.
McALLISTER. 14^ — Large, sunny. - unfurnishea
rooms, suitable light hskpg.; reas.; elevator.
MCALLISTER. 1G71 — Three sunny connecting
lurnisbe*! rooms; ail conveniences; bath*;
S.fJ'J'lS-.
OAK. 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12: pa? range: hot bath; adults.
OAK OROVE~ave.. 10. between 5th and Cth,
off Harrison — 'I or . •'! housekeeping rooms;
gas, bath; also large - front room, suitable
tor two. I M iiiftllMl HWrWal
ROOMS ?O» ?°?_^ E3^_ E - pir _*T?-'r <( ? on '-
PEARL. 3. corner Market— "> furnished house-
keeping rooms: SIS: no children.
PINE. 130O, cor. Hyde — Furnished or unfur-
nished two or three rooms for housekeeping;
central; cunny corner: reasonable.
SHOTTVELL. 224. near Sixteenth— Four fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, parlor floor.
TURK. 123 — Clean, sunny, furnished rooms,
with or without board; $5 up; housekeeping.
TURK. SI 6 — Lower floor of three rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; single room for
gentleman; private. -
WALLER, CS6 — 2 cr 3 warm, upper, sunny,
fur. or unfur. rooms; bath; adults; cheap.
WASHINGTON. 132."!. rear Jones— Three, four
or Mix nicely furnished connecting room's in
six-room cottage; piano; everything first-
clagy; marine view; desirable location.
_SOOMS JTO^ETj-Fjm^jpd^JTnfUjrn^
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane— New
brick building: a-li sunny rooms; bot and cold
water: electric Sights; only first-class house
In locality: rooms $1 to week and up. .
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth at. — Rooms
23c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market rt. (or No. 1
Fifth tt.)— Rooms, 25c. 00c. $1. $1 CO night;
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all night.
ABH ave., 22. near Polk st. — Nice sunny room,
suitable for 1 or 2, $7; also one for $d; priv-
ate family.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electrlo
lights; running water in every room; 209
! rooms; 23c to 30c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BRYANT, 61S — * unfurnished sunny clean
rooms; porch; yard; rent $9.
EDDT. S04 — Nice rlngle room; also house-
keeping rooms to let.
•THE LAUNSTON." 110 Eddy— Best transient
and regular rooming-house city; 00c, $1.
EDDY, 913 — Elegant unfurnished parlor*;
other rooms, en suite or single; modern con-
veniences; reasonable.
GEARY. 1063 — Large, sunny, nicely furnished
room in a private family.
GOLDEN GATE, 527 — Nice, sunny room; run-
ning water « and closet.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 357— Newly furnished
eunny euites. also single, $2 to $4 week.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
to $1 25 night; II SO to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HAIGHT. 138— Basement; 2 rrns. & kitchen;
tunny side; also large rrr.s.; light hskpg.
i HOWARD. 713 — Furnisned rooms, single or
double; central location.
! HYDE. 503 — Pleasant furnished rooms; central
location; reasonable.
i KEARNY. 418 — New management; strictly
1st class; $2 50 week up; fine transient house.
j MARKET, 1049 ("The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week: baths; elevator; also hkpg.
Ma"RKET. 1104 — Sunny furnished front rooms
to let.
MASON, 1527— Private furnished rooms, with
or without board; references.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St.— 400
eicgle and family rooms 33c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to J8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, eteam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
MISSION, 27C3 — Furnished room for rent.
PAGE. 20 — Neat room; private family; $6.
j PINE. 1376. near Larkin — Desirable, clean,
sunny rooms; private; reasonable; central.
ROOMS FOR RENT.
The Pacific Coast Room Renting Agency has
opened offices at 2S9 Post st. If you want a
room, sui:e of rooms or flat call and see us.
We can furnish you furnished or unfurnished
rooms and save you time, trouble and money.
Full description, prices, etc.. phone John 6581.
ROYAL HOUSE, 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, 33c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
I SUTTER. 975 — Suitable for doctor's . or den-
tist'* office: furnished front and back par-
lors; private family; references required.
! TEHAMA. 42C — 4 unfurnished rooms with
large yard; f!2 50.
! THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
! ELECTRC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERT
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TEHAMA. 42C — 1 unfurnished rooms with
; large yard; $12 50.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddj, nr. Market— 400
room.' 3.V to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room: free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave., IOCS — Good rooms to let; en-
tire house newly renovated.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. llphts; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WALLER. 1747— Bright, cheerful rooms, pri-
vate fsmily; one block from Haight-st. en-
Trance to Park.
WEBSTER. 1338 — Furnished room for young
man; Diivate family.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr the recep-
tion of advertleements and subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
EOOMS^AMjD BOABZ>.
j HOTEL L'AIGLON. 301 Geary at.— Large
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2
$50 mo.; single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
O'FARRELL. C21 (The Comora)— Well located;
large grounds; best table and service; bil-
liard-room.
CALIFORNIA, 807— Best rooma, table and
•ervlce In the city for the leant money.
ELLIS. 453 — Fine furnished rooms in good lo-
cation: fine French table board; reasonable.
GUERRERO, 214 — 3 nice sunny front rooms,
■ingle or suites; phone, piano; board optional.
j LARGE, beautiful, sunny double rooms, with
board: reas.; run. water. 308 Leav-nworth.
MASON. 1527 — Private furnished rooms, with
or without board; references.
NEWLY furnished rooms, all sunny:' hot and
cold water; board if desired. 1153 Octavla.
TURK. 1159— Pleasant rooms, new flat; table
board for gentlemen.
FBOFOSAZ.S.
PROPOSALS for lumbers-Office bTpot Quar-
termaster. 30 New Montgomery st.. San
Francisco, Cal.. December 10, 1904: Sealed
prop^alf. In triplicate, subject to usual con-
ditions, will be received here until 12 o'clock,
noon. Pacific standard time, Tuesday, Janu-
ary 10. 1005. and then opened, for furnishing
lumber tor the Philippine Islands. United
States reserves right to accept or reject any
cr all prcjiosals or any part thereof. Further
information furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals to be marked
"Proposals for Lumber. No. 8S02," and ad-
dressed to Major C. A. Devol, Q. M. US
A.. Depot Quartermaster. .
$20,000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
of Wheatland for sale, nntaxable bearing 3
per cent mterest; serial 40 years; bids will
be received up to Monday. Dec. 5. 1904. cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid
For information address R. N. MURPHY
Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
_^STJ0BAQE^AKD_WAREHOT7SES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage tt Van Co^~furnltare~
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72»^
«31 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy at •
Phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPEJL ores-
forfeiture moved, packed, shipped and stored!
PIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co ot-
J gee Pott and Pc well «ts.; teL Prl. ExTSTl.
PACIFICStcraif* and Furniture Moving Com-
pan>. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackion 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
t.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates"
A' WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 E»ges. tn wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
WBITEBS AHI^SUFPI.IEB.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington.
' Smith Premier. $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Type-writer Exchange. 536 California st.
CD-HAND typewriters, sold, rented, repaired
Web«ter Typewritlnc In«pec. Co.. 50R Market!
stop SBzxrxnra.
GUARANTEED cure; send COcTtabTeTTorm";
mailed In olain package: ' has cured • thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hay ward bldg., S.F.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO GALL, s WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1904.
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the v large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
I HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISP LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
-i ■ . _*
SEWING MACHINES AHD SUPPLIES.
IF you buy a White for a Christmas gift you
make no mistake; you not only get the best •
sewing machine on earth, but also a beaut!- !
; ful and useful Christmas present. White
I Co.'s office, 915. Market st. , {
ALL makes; 2d hand. $2. $5, *7, $9; new,»4. »8-
drop heads. 6 drawer, golden oak,J15: rented!
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic
8. M. Co.. 148 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3790.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; beat
it cheniest; second-hand all' make* at any
price; s.11 kind* rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1(21 Market et., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5. $8; slightly
used $10. $13, $20; you know where the dolla
awing in the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing; guaran-
teed. CHA8. PLAMBECK. 1913 Mission «t.
STABLES TO LET.
LARGE barn and stable to let, including~three
lots; Alabama and 26th. Inquire 2709 Folsom.
STUTTEKIKO AZTD STAMMERING.
EXPANSION OF MELBOURNE SCHOOLS^
Downtown. 521 Franklin, near McAllister. 8
to 12.' Open-air school. 810 Diamond St.; tel.
Capp 5173; 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows: i
Emmet F. Gould, 32. Oakland, and Lavlna '
Krall. 29, Portland, Or. !
Martin V. Jow;ph. 31^Halfmoon Bay, and .
Lenora L. Cardoza, 23, Half moon Bay. !
Frank L. Maino, 26, Sausallto. and Minnie '
T. Colthurst. 18, Sausalito.
James J. Armstrong, 26, San Jose, and
Emma Reynolds, 23, San Jose. ;
Arthur D. Newell. 21, city, and Ruby F L. j
Hayden, 21, city.
James H. Canaway, 21, 564 Howard etreet, !
and Alice C. Robinson, 21. 714 Harrison etreet.
Henry S. Brown. 23, 1345 McAllister St., and
Marpretta Jones, 18. 2019 Twenty-second st. !
William S. Sullivan, 23. 500 Shotwell street, '
and Alma Y. Herron. 2(5, 318 Van Ness avenue ,
Thomas T. Burnett Jr.. 22, Fruitvale, and '
Edna A. Hicks. 10. 1801 McAllister street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices cent by !
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed j
in at either of the publication offleea and be •
indorsed with the name and residence of per- '
eons authorized to have the same published. >
Notices restricted simply to the announcement i
of the event are published once in this column I
free of charge. i
BORX. i
BLETHEN— In La Yesca. Territory of Tepslc, i
Mexico, December 2, 1004, to the wife of i
Clemente L. Blethen, a daughter. j
KILROY— In this city, to the wife of J. Kilroy
a son. !
LISSNER-rln this city. December 13, 1004. !
to the wife of A. L. Llssner, a son. '
LOTTER — In this city. December 0 1904, to i
the wife of Edw. Lotter. a son. j
MARRIED.
BERGER— HOKANSON— In this city Decem-
ber 10, 1904, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
pastor of the First English Lutheran Church,
, Frank P. Berger and Anna O. Hokanson.
both of this city;- f ■::••.>■>• ; , •
HAINES— TRAUTNER— In this city. Decem-
ber 10. 1904. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling.
Franklin T. Halnen and Adelina C. Trautner.
NELSON— LINDGREN— In this city. Decem-
ber 8. 1904. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
pastor., of the First English Lutheran Church, I
Edward E. Nel6on of San Francisco ana I
Maria Lindgren of New York City. ■
PETERSEN— ROSENQUIST— In this city De- I
cember 7. 1004. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling
Frederic W. Petersen and Selma C. Rosen- i
qulst.
W^. K T LA J JFFER — In thls clt >'. December 7. !
1904, by the Rev. Paul Branke, Jacob Wenk I
and Grace E. LaufTer. both of this city.
DIED.
Ankel. Simon— 55 llribarne. Mary 45
Bannon. Philip— 36 I Kean, Michael C — C3
Barstow. Laura J.— 62! Kelly, Isabella V — 26
Burdick, Eugene King Rev. Michael— 75
Colgan, H. N. B. — 33 Lamb. Julia
Costello, James P. — 44 Maddern.AIelissa O — CO I
Cramer. Caspar — 75 Murray, Sophia ;
Flinn, Catherine M. Nelson. Lam — 68 ' '
Forster. Maggie M.— 28 Patterson. Margaret — iS
Garcia. Reyes— 49 I Parsons, Walter— 59
Glorgi. Dominlck — 4 Ridge Thomas J.— 24
months. I Schluter Adelaide — 35
Gordan, Michael— 91 Splnks, Jennie F.
Harlow, William Poe Thorson, Inga H.— 17
Hawkes. Jennie M. — U Von Dach. Bertha — 31
Hurley. Dennis B. — 47 t Wagner, Ludwig— 63
ANKEL — In this city, December 13. 1904 Si- !
mon, beloved son of Bernard Ankel, and'lov- I
ing brother of Jacob and Harry Ankel, Mrs. I
M. Wasel, Mrs. Ben Harris and Mrs. Ben
Joseph, a native of Wollstein, Prussia, aged J
55 years. (New York papers please copy.) i
BANNON— In this city. December 12, 1904
Phillip, dearly beloved eon of Margaret and
the late Phillip Bannon. a native of San
Francisco, aged 36 years.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. 'Remains
at the parlors of Monahan. O'Hara & Co
2339-2341 Mission street, near Nineteenth.
BARSTOW— In this city, December 13. 1004,
Laura J., widow of the late S. F. Barstow. !
and mother of Anna Park Barstow, a native
of Maine, aged 62 years.
ICTFuneral services Thursday, at 12:15 p
m., from the residence of Hannibal Williams.
2723 Sacramento etreet. Interment private.
BURDICK — In this city. December 12 1904
Eugene Burdick, beloved father of Harry S*
Burdick. a native of New York State
ICyFuneral and Interment private. Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland.
COLGAN— In this city, December' 11. 1004
Henry N.B., husband of Elizabeth Ann Coll
gan. and brother of E. P., Charles L Abra-
ham L and George W. Colgan. and Mrs
Henry Baker of Santa Roea, a native of
Sa^l\- R . O8a 4 C&l J aEed M yearo and 3 months
Cyi-riends and acquaintances are reenect-
f t »X lnV , lted to attond the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
chapel of Clark & Booth. 612-614 Van Ness
avenue, between Golden Gate avenue and
Turk street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
eterj'. by electric car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero - streets. .
COSTELLO— In this city. December 12 1904
James P.. beloved brother of Joseph and
ii t S? 8 ,^' 0 - Mrs - J -- w . "Nash and Mra
H. M Calkins, a native of Columbia. Cal
aged 44 years 6 months and 9 days
(tp-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• l^K ln^ te ? t0 « ttend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from the
parlore of Gantner Bros., 1209 Mission street,
between Eighth and Ninth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
CRAMER— In Fltchburg. Cal.. December 13
1004, Caspar Cramer, beloved father of. Harry
A.. Frank and Caesar Cramer Jr., a native
B f dav S many> ag6d 73 year " 10 monthl » *nd
FLINN— In this city, December 13, 1904 -at '
her residence. 1502 Castro street. Catherine I
M.. beloved daughter of the late Catherine
M. and William B. Flinn. and slater of
Mrs. J. M. Burke. Marian Fllnn and 1 the la?e
Thomas J. Flinn, a „ native of Jersey City
New Jersey. f-:i?* *
FORSTER-In thta city. December 13, 1904.
Maggie M.. wife of E. J. Forster, and daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mrs. George Schuler of Wind-
tor, a native of Windsor. Cal., aged 28
years 11 months and 3 days.
GARCIA— In this city, December 13, 1004
Reyes Garcia, beloved husband of Annie o»r'
1 ;? pother of Albert Garcia, a native
of California, aged 49 years. "
ETTriende and acquaintances are ' resneot ,
itM"."? 1 tO t a^, end . , tn t <™eraU e o -morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. m.. from th»
!^— "— ■" *"""" """"^ — «— — . i ■.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor! to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and ■ Embalmers
Formerly In , Metropolitan Temple.
NOW at 806 MISSION. TeL South 167.
• B « w « e n Fourth and Fifth.' near Fifth ' at. -
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
— "•- I
James McGinn. . Henry, Hansen. I '
JAMES McGINN & CO.,*
Formerly With -, McGinn Bros. ■' '
— 7-Funeral Directors •- and Embalmera— — ■'
L___l214^Eddy et. Tel. East ; 86.
| parlors of Valente, Marlni & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street - Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GIORGI-rfn this city, December 12, 1904,'Dom-
lnick, dearly beloved son of Achllle and Ame-
lia Giorgi. and grandchild of Giambatista
1 • Dondero and Catterina Dondero, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 months and 2 days.
E?"Frier:ds and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the
residence of the parents, 717 Greenwich
street, corner* of Powell. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
GORDAN— In this city, December 13, 1004v
' Michael, husband of the late Mary Gordan,
father of Sarah, Michael, Patrick and Wil-
liam . Gordan; Mrs Belinda Mullane, Mrs.
Mary Jordan, Mrs." TKatie Ivancovich and
Mrs. Annie Iadelovlch and grandfather of
William and Parmer Gordan, a native of
County Sligo, Ireland aged 01 years and
10 months.
ICFrlende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock a, m., from his late
residence, 1611 Leavenworth street, thence
to St. Brigid's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery. f
HARLOW— In Denver Colo. December 6, 1004,
William Poe Harlow.
HAWKES — In this city. December 13, 1004,
. Jennie M., beloved wife of John Hawkes,
mother of John G. Hawkes. and sister of
Mrs. Ida Penry of Sacramento, a native of
Amador, Cal., aged 44 years 6 months and
17 days. (Amador and Napa papers pleabe
copy.) \
(E?"Notlcet of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Western Addition
Funeral Directors, 1724 Devlsadero street,
between Sutter and Bush.
HURLEY — In this city, December 12, 1904,
Dennis B. Hurley aged 47 years. A mem-
ber of the Pacific Coast Walters' Association,
and Court Del Monte No. 47, F. of A. (St.
Louis papers please copy.)
(CTFtienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the
funeral parlors of Porter & White, 423 Gold-
en Gate avenue, under the auspices of the
local Board of Relief of the Forester* of
America, thence to St. Mary's Church, corner
of California and Dupont streets, for ser-
vices at 3 p. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
' etery, via electrlo funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets. : . • "
IRIBARNE— In this city, December 12, 1004.
Mary, dearly beloved wife of John Irlbarne,
and mother of Mrs. W. B. Murphy and
Blanch Islbarne, a native of San Francisco,
. Cal.,. aged 45 years 2 months and 20 days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 0:30 o'clock a. m., from the
funeral parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2660 Mis-
sion street, between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third, thence to St. James Church,
corner of Guerrero and Twenty-third streets,
for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KEAN— In Eausalito. Cal., December 13, 1001,
Michael C, beloved hueband of Elizabeth ;
T. and brother of Thomas, James and Pat-
rick Kean, a native of County Clare, Ire-
land, aged 03 years.
KELLY— At Colton Cal., December 10, 190t,
Isabelle V. Kelly,' late of White Horse, Yu-
kon Territory, beloved daughter of the late
Edwin D. and Martha Tucker, and sister
of Edwin D. and William Tucker and Mrs.
Josephine A. Kelly, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2G years 0 months and 22 days.
KING— In Oakland, Cal.. December 12, 1904.
Rev. Michael King, aged 75 years.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, December 10, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the Church of the Immaculate Conception, |
Seventh and Jefferson streets, where a sol-
emn pontifical requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
LAMB — In this city, December 11, 1904, Julia
Lamb, beloved Bieter of Catherine and- Rose
Lamb, a native of Ireland.
(CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 0 o'clock a. m., from tho
parlors of Carew & English. 29 Van Nesh J
avenue, thence -to St. Mary's Cathedral, j
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated '
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
!):30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MADDERN — In Oakland, Cal., December 13,
lftO4>. Melissa Ophelia Maddern. widow of the ■
late Henry Maddern, and mother of Henry i
T., William A.. Minnie and Robert Maddern. I
Mrs. Jack London and Florrie Maddern, a ,
native of Rochester, New York, aged 60 [
years. '
MURRAY— In this city. December 12.- 1004. |
Sophia Murray, beloved wife of James L. '
Murray, loving mother of Charles A. Mur- |
ray. and grandmother of Florence I.. LIHU I
J.. Irvin A. ' Frances E. and the late !
Charles B. Murray, a native of St. Louis,
Mo. A member of Seven Pines Circle No.
3, L. of G. A. R. (St. Louis papers please
copy.)
1CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., • from the I
residence of her son, Charles A. Murray.
3 Cleveland street, off Seventh, between Fol- j
Bom and -Harrison streets. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. '
Seven Pines Circle, No. 3, Ladles of the
G. A. R. — Officers and members, you are i
requested to attend the funeral of our late '
sister, Sophie Murray, from her late resi-
dence, 3 Cleveland stree.t. to-day (Wednes-
day), at 12:45 v. m. By order
HENRIETTA HOWE. President.
ANNIE M. PHILLIPS. Secretary.
NELSON— In this city, December 13, 1904f j
Lars, dearly beloved husband of Mary Nel- j
son, father of Frank, Leonard, Willis and j
Lillian Nelson, and grandfather of Earl Nel- ;
son and the late Fannie Ferrell, a native of
Denmark, aged 68 years 1 month and 28 days.
PATTERSON— In this city, December 12, 1904,
Margaret, wife of Charles Patterson, and
mother of John Francis and Charles Aloyslua
Patterson, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 a. m., from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PARSONS— In this city. December 13. 1904,
Walter, beloved husband of Edith Parsons,
and father of George and Wilbert Parsons,
Mrs. Frank Bussey- and Mrs. Flora Storrs, a
native of England, aged 50 years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth etreet. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemeterj-.
RIDGE — In this city, December 11, 1904.
Thomas J., dearly beloved son of Margaret
. and the late Simon Ridge, and brother of
Samuel, Frances, May and Annie Ridge, a
native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 6
months and 25 daye.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from hia
late residence, 10 Oak Grove avenue, thence
to St. Rose's Church where a solemn re-
I quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 0 a. in. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHLUTER— In this city, December 13 1904
Adelaide, beloved wife of William Schluter
mother of Willie and Edward Schluter'
daughter of Cord H. and Sarah Holsten. and
sister of Mrs. Laura Broderlck and Edward
Veronica. Henry and Albert Holsten, a native
of London. England, aged 35 years 8 months
and 3 days.
(ETFrlende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), from her late residence. 12 Hat-
tie - street, corner Merritt, off Eighteenth.
. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SPINKS— In this city. December 13, 1904 Jen-
nie F., beloved wife of Nelson -Splnks,
mother of Charles, Harrold, Roy and the
late Violet Spinks, and daughter of Catherine
Murray.
THORSON— In this city, December 13, 1904
Inga Henrietta Thorson, beloved wife of
Thorwald Thorson. daughter of Gustavo and
Carllna Johnson, and sister of Andrew John-
son, a native of Illinois, aged 17 years 2
months and 19 days.
(E7"Friend6 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her
late residence, 1516 Fifteenth avenue. South
San Francisco. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etery, by carriage.
VON DACH— In this city December 12. 1004
Bertha, beloved wife Fred Von Dach, a na-
tive of Switzerland, aged 31 years 8 months
and 14 days.
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), t at 1:30 p. m.. at
the German Methodist Episcopal Church. Fol-
- som ' street, near Fifth. Remains at tho
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1009
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
- by carriage.
WAGNER— In this city, December 13. 1904,
Ludwig, beloved husband of the late Julia
Wagner, devoted stepfather of Mrs. Maria
Bruhn and Albert P, E. Medau, and brother
of Bernard and the late Frank Wagner, a
native of Hanover, • Germany, aged 63 years
: and 7 months. •
St. Dominic's Church Building Associa-
tion — The monthly requiem high mans for
the deceased : members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will be sung
in St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 a. m.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED. '
Monday. Decmber 12.
Stmr Pasadena, Henrickson, Eureka.
: Tuesday, 1 December 13.
Stmr laqua, Jorgeneon, Astoria.
DOMESTIC PORTS. •
EUREKA— Arrived Dec - 13 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Dec 12; stmr Pasadena, -hence Dec 12;
stmr.Coquille River, from Crescent City; stmr
;Arso, hence r Dec 10. - . .
Sailed Dec 13— Stmrs Corona and North Fork
for : San Francisco. ' ■:■,-'
..: ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 13— Brig Lurlinf,
from Altata; stmr Prentlss. hence • Dec 10;
Btmr Centralia, hence Dec, 9; schr Sophie Chris
tensen (i from Santa Rosalia.
FOREIGN PORTS; '
VICTORIA— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence Dec 11. Passed in Dec 13— Br
stmr Wellington, hence ; ' Dec 10. for Lady
emith. ■ Called Dec 13— Stmr iRamona, from
Seattle, • for Skagway. -" Ger : stmr ' Germanlcus
wlireall at daybreak Wednesday for China. .
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Froni Pago Fifteen.
Do gtd 5s. 103*4 — (1905)Sr B. — 103*J
LAP lem 5s. — — (1906) 104% —
Mkt-st C 6s. 116 — (1012) 114*4 —
Do lem 5s. 116 117 SPC leg 6s.. — —
MV&MtT 5s.lC5 110 Do stmpd.. 108*4 —
N R of C 6s. 106% — S P B R 6s. 135 136
• ■ Do-Bb — — • S V Wat 6s. 104% —
N P C R 5slO5*4 — Do 4s 2dm. 100*4 —
N Cal Ry 5s. — — Do 4s 3dm. 99*4 —
N C P Co Cs. — — | Do gmtg 4s 97% —
N S R Co 5s. 99 103 IStkn G&E 6s. 93 —
O G L&H 5s. — 110 IU G&E Co 6s.l02*4 —
O W gtd 6s. — 100 lURR of SF 4s 87% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 — iPort Costa... —
Marln Co.... — 59%!p V Wat Co. 39*4 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC. \
Cen L & P 3% — {S F G & B. 65% 56 1
Mutual EL.. — 11% Stkn G&E.— 5*i
Pacific L Co — 60*4|U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.310 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am NU Bk. — 130 Lon P & A.. 152
Anglo- Cal ..87 90 Mer Trust Co — 230
Bank of Cal. 420 425 Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 152 — S F National — —
! First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & I,. 2330 — Sav & L So. . — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 424
Mutual Sav.. — 100 Union T Co.. — 3500
S F Sav U.610 675
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197.199 iPresldlo — 41
Geary ...$.. — 40 |
• POWDER.
Giant 62*4 63*£|Vlgorlt 8 4*4
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73% 74*j|Makawe]i 8 C — 83
Honokaa S C 17*4 18 lOnomea S C. — 33
Hutch S P. . 14% 15 IPaauhau S P 20% —
Kllauea S C — 6 |
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 92 92*4 Oceanic S C. ' 4% 6*4
Cal F C A. . — 99*4 Pac A F A. 4*4 —
Cal Wine A. 80*4 81*4 Pac C Borax — 157*4
MV&Mt Tm 95 102 PacST&T.107 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers Assn... 92 00
I 10 California Wine Assn SO 25
I 15 Cal Wine Assn 80 50
20 Hawaiian Com'l and Sugar 73 75
75 Hutchinson S P Co 15 00
270 Hutchinson S P Co 14 87*4
$5,0CO S F and S J V 5a 119 25
Street —
$5,000 Honolulu R T and L 6s 106 60
$22,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). 108 25
$4,000 S V 4s (3d mtge) 99 60
$40,000 U R R of S F 4s 88 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
15 Alaska Packers' Assn 02 00
30 Paauhau S P Co 21 00
50 S F Gas and Electric, s 90 55 75
$2,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). .108 25
$6,000 U R R of S F 4s 88 CO
Street —
80 Hawaiian Com'l and Sugar... 74 CO'
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS EONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bld.Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 100*4|3F & NP 5s. 112*4 —
B L Wat 6s. — 114*4IS P C Ry os. — 101
C N W R 5s. — 113*.j|S P Co 4*4s.. 90S410O*4
M C Wat 5s. 100 — .Sun T&T Cs.ll4*a —
Ris I W 5s. — 103 \ Do 5s 106 —
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — |Sutter-st 5s.. 104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co 23*4 — IMat Nav Co. 70 —
Am Biscuit. — «O |Mills Ntl Bk — — i
Cal Cot Mils 80 — |Nev Ntl Bk.20O 207*4*|
C G&E Cor. 00 31 IN S R R.... — — i
C Jockey C1.110 — |N C P Co... — 9«i
Cal Pdr Co.130 145 |Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 |Oak T Con... 75 —
Cal T I & T — 155 HOOF Hall A «*£ —
Cen Bk Oak 60 (VT*4|Orpheum — lfitt
Chutes Co... — : 6 |p C Cas Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 120 | Pac Sur Co.. 105 —
Cyp L Imp. — 6*4JI'araf Paint.. GO — "
East Dynm. — 375 |S F Drydock — 65
Dup Pdr pfd — — 1SF&SJV Coal. 17*4 20 "
Do com 40 — . |S J Wat Co. 103*4 —
FN Bk Oak. 120 — |SO&Tgbt Co.. 125 —
Fischer Thtr — IVilSouth Pa Co — —
Frnch-A BklOC — |Swiss-A Bnk.120 — i
Gas Con As. — — (Truckee Elec. — 12*4 '
Hono P Co.. — 31 | Union Sugar. — 31 S
Do (Pool).. 2S 31 (UR InCo pfd 67*i €9 A
Lon & SF Bk 55 — | Do com — 17 |
California Stock and Oil Exchange. !
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked. I
Apollo 35
Associated Oil Trust Cert 26 27
Calitornia Standard IS 19 :
Caribou i 5 50
Chicago Crude 22 • 22 I
Claremont '* 00 '
Forty , ■ SS.-j «, 40 !
Four : .V ..... ~ 58 **....
Hanford 200 50
Home 40
Independence 31 32
Kern 5 00 ....
Monte Cristo 77*4 80
Occidental of W. Va, 09
Oil City Petroleum " 66 ' 68
Piedmont 06 .... I
Reed Crude 2 00 2 10
Sovereign 30
Sterling 2 00 2'lO
Superior 01 ....
Union ...A 70 0O
"West Shore 1 60
Wolverine . . . . ' 60 '•
SALES. |
Morning Session. ,
Board — i
300 Home ., 40
100 Home 41 j
ICO Home 42 >
200 Monte Cristo 77>£
, 500 Independence 32
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 Chicago Crude 22
100 Caribou 5 75
700 Four Oil 58
Street —
70 Sovereign 30
Mining? Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
1500 Chollar 23 700 Ophlr 3 65 !
000 Con Cal & V.I 85 200 Savage 27 •
100 Exchequer ... 42 12C0 Sierra Nevada 50 i
400 Gould & Cur. 24 500 Silver Hill.... t!0
400 Hale & Norc.l 10 600 Union Con.... 60
fiOO Julia 07 100 Union Con.... 61
5001 Justice 00 500 Utah OS
400 Mexican 1 35 200 Yellow Jacket. 15 j
Afternoon Session — Comstocks. , i
200 Apha 10| 100 Mexican 135!
700 Andes 23 500 Ophlr ..3 ?5 i
200 Caledonia ... 46 500 Overman ..... 10
200 Chollar 27 400 Potosl 17'
300 Chollar ..... 26 100 Savage 29 !
100 Con Cal & V.I 83 ::00 Scorpion 13 i
100 Crown Point.. 15 000 Sierra Nevada. 5-t |
200 Gould & Cur. 24 200 Union Con C2 •
100 Hale & Norc.l 151 300 Utah ., C8 :
2C0 Mexican 1 4C| 100 Utah 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 09 11 Julia 07 CO!
AHa 06 07 Justice ...... % 09 10
Andes 22 23 Kentuck 01 02
Belcher ...... 21 23|Lady Wash... 02 04 i
Best & Belch. 1 1<> 1 2<"Mexican 1 30 1 35 j
Bullion ...... 23 2-flOccidental .... 78 90 1
Caledonia.... 45 46lOph!r 3 75385!
Challenge.... 14 15IOverman 09 111
Chollar ...... 2G 27|Potosi 16 17
Confidence ... R5 89|ScorpIon.' 13 14
Con C&Va.l $5 1 00| Savage 27 29
Con Imperial. 01 02IKeg Belcher.. 04 05
Con N. York. 03 04|SIerra Nevada. 51 F2
Crown Point. 14 161 Silver Hill 60 62
Eureka Con.. — 50|St Louis , — 07.
Exchequer ... 43 461 Syndicate .... 20 24
E Sierra Nev. 0T{ OSfUnlon Con.... 61 63
Gould : & Cur. 23 251 Utah 07 09
Hale & Norc.l 10 1 15lTelIow Jacket. 15 16
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session. ■
200 Brunswick ... 12140OO MacNamara .. 27!
35000 Esperanza .. Oil 200 Mont Ton...l 72*4 i
600 Jumbo • 6612000 Paymaster ... W
2000 Jumbo Ex 20; 1 500 Ton Belmont.. 71
2000 Jumbo Ex..:. 2112000 Ton Gold Mt.. 15
10000 MacNamara. 25f 300 Ray & O'B... 06]
Afternoon Session. %
i 800 Columbia Mt. - 20! 100 Mont Ton...l 27*4
! 6500 Esperanza ... Oil 1000 Red Top...'... 10
, 100 Jumbo ... f>7fiono Red Top...... 17!
1100 Jumbo • 5S 300 Ray & O'B... 08
2200 MacNamara . 25 500 Ton Belmont.. 71
1000 MacNamara . | 5SI 70O Ton N. Star. . . 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah. i
Bld.Ask. j Bid Ask
Ton Nev 9 50 9 75ITon & Cal.... ie
Montana Ton.l 70 1 75 Ray & O'B 04 C«
Ton Exten.. 2 50 — I Paymaster ... 03* 0-1
MacNamara . 24 2«| Mlzpah Ex.... 12
Ton Midway.. "4 35|LIttle Ton — 33
Ton "Belmont. 71 "2!Esp«'ranza ... 01 02
Ton N Star.. 22 2.1|Gold«>n Anchor 20
Ton-Ohfo .... 20 -. 22!Qulncv.'. 11
West End U 1«IN T Ton Con. — 10
Ton Mt...... 14 15lTimber Hill... — _
Rescue .. . 06 071.
Goldfleld. '
Sandstorm ... 30 42]Oak!and ...... 25 30
Red Top.:'.... 1C 18iBlack Butte... — 19
Goldfleld Mhk — —I Booth . . . . — 13
Columbia Mt. 20 211 Blue Bull . 15
Dlamondfield . 2." ■■ • — I Adams 10
Jumbo ...... 57 SSlSllver Pick.:. — ' is
Jumbo Ex.... 20 22! May. Queen... 1«
-Vernal ....... 11 — 'Nevada Boy... 17- -'—
22 —Or Bull Frag. . — * A3
Ooldfleld ..... CO —Bull Frog..... >50 — ,
Kendall ..... 20 25| ■ ■■ . . . ,■ •
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and , Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
- - , ' ' ■■'..' Morning Session/
1000 Blue Bull'. .... 10 100 Mont Ton....'. 1 70
1500 Bullfrog 58 2000 Nev Goldfleld..' 10
1000 : Gold Mt Con. 01 5000 N T Ton Con: 10
1000 Gold Mt Con: 0211300 Paymaster ... '04
1000 Jumbo Exten. '2112000 Red Top,..:.. 17
100 Jumbo M Co. , 65 1000 Rescue ......'. 06
• 100 Jumbo M Co.* 571 : 200 Ton .'•■: Belmont.* 74 ;
1000 Jumbo M Co. 58'3000 Ton Midway.. 34
2000 MacNamara . 24 500 Ton N Star.. 22
100 Mont Ton..l 72 HI
r Afternoon Session.
1000 Adams ...... 11J20C0 NT Ton Con. 10
2000 Bullfrog BSilJOOO N Y Ton Con. 11
10O Columbia Mt. - 21| 500 Red Top 1« ,
1000 Dixie 2t«i 500 Sandstorm ... 33
lOOOjFree Gold.... 151 300 Ton Belmont.. 72
100 GoIdHeld 73 300 Ton Belmont.. 74
1000 Jumbo Ext en. 20t 200 Midway 34
100 Jumbo M Co. 58J1COO Ton Midway.. 35
100 Mont Ton 1 70 70O Ton N Star... 23
740 Mont Ton.. 1 67%|10OO Vernal 11
CLOSING. QUOTATIONS.
Bid.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
Adams 10 lllMont Ton 1 67^1 70
Austin 30 — |Nev Goldfleld. C9 10
Black Butt*.. 18 21IX Y Ton 10 13
Blue Bull 22 —I Paymaster ... 04 15
Bullfrog — CSlPlne Grove 10 —
Columbia Mt. 21 — IRay Exten — 19
Dixie — 20|Ray & O'B 04 07
Eeperanza ... Cl C2|Red Top ltt 17
Free Gold — 15: Rescue 06 07
Goldfld B B. 00 10!Rothwell 11 50
Goldfleld Dmd 1S> 21 (Sandstorm ... 37 38
Goldfleld Xev 71 75iTon Belmont.. 71 74
Goldfleld S P — lSJTon Cash Boy. — 10
Goldfleld Ton. — CS'-Ton Exten 2 50 —
Gold Mt Con. — OlITon & G W.. — 02
Jim Butler... — 50|Ton Gold Mt. 14 15
Jumbo 53 M>lTon Midway.. 34 35
Jumbo Ex — 20|Ton of Nev...O 25 9 75
Little Ton — 35!Ton N Star.. 23 24
Lucky Bldwn — C9lTon Superior.. 02 —
Lucky Tom... — OSlUnited Ton... — 15
MacNamara . 24 26!Utopla — 11
Mlzpah Ex... — 05|Vernal 11 —
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. DECEMBER IS.
Hotallng Estate Company to Samuel Strauss,
lot on N line of Green street, 101:7 4-5 W of i
Van Ness avenue. W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
A. P. Hotallng & Co. to aame, same; $10.
John H. Galllvan to Margaret E. Galllran,
lot on SE corner of Bush and Laguna streets.
E 55 by S 137:6. quitclaim deed; $1. j
Harry W. and Susie Bernhelm to Jennie C.
Lidd e, lot on E line of Webster street, 75 S
of Pine. S 25 by E 62:6; $10.
Flora D. Jones to Bernard Katschlnskl lot
? n /A W corne »" of Oak and Webster streets. S
100 by W 100; $10
James Otis to Fredda D. OU« (-wife), lot ©n
B line of Broadway, 155:6 W of Webster, W
32 by S 114:2*4; $10.
Robert N. Williams to Adolph HochsUln. lot
on N line of Vallejo street* 137:6 E of Sulner.
E 6S:» by N 137:6; $10.
Rachel Morris to M. H. Mohrdlck. lot on S
line of Hayes street. 85 W of Stelner, W 25 by
S S2:6, quitclaim deed; $5.
Market- street Railroad Company and Central
Railroad Company to Amos W. Benedict E 5
Inches of lot on S line of Post street 120 W
of Lyon. W 23:6%, S 70:10%. SE 24:0*4. N
75:7. quitclaim deed; $ . •
Stella C. Lovegrove (wife) to "Walter R.
Lovegrove. lot on NE corner of Cole and
Waller streets, N 50 by E 85; gift.
Christina and Paul Glrsch to Carmel C. Ja
cott (wife of Frank S.) lot on SE corner "of
Walnut and Sacramento streets, S 10O by E
37:6; $10.
| Charles and Sallle H. Page to Hattle O.
Mann, lot on N line of Washington street,
187:6 W of Walnut, W 27:6 by N 127:8*4;
Sarah and Louis Werthelmer to F. K. Hous
ton, undivided half of lot on S corner of
Twelfth and Market streets SW 25:11. SE 00.
SW 50, SE "5. NE 75:11. NW 165; $10.
. Estate. of Emanuel, Leo and Dora M. Wert
helmer (minors) (by Louis Werthelmer, guard
ian) to same, undivided half of aame; $20,000.
City and County of San Francisco to Louis
and Sarah Werthelmer, lot* on NW line of Ste
venson street, 75 SW of Twelfth, SW 0:11 by
NW 50; $ .
F. K. and Mary F. Houston to I. I. Dehall,
lot on S corner of Twelfth and Market streets,
SW 25:11. SB 9O. SW 50 SE 75 NE 75:11,
NW 165 and lands adjacent; $10.
Edward L. Landregen to Solomon Lobensteln,
lot on S line of Henry street, 230 W of San
chez, W 25 by S 115; $10.
Mary Hawley and Margaret C. Bevis to
Thomas Ekoos, lot on W line of Bryant street.
130 N of Twenty-fifth, N 26 by W 100; $10.
Estate of Charles E. Haseltlne (by Mabel
M. Carr, adminstratrlx) to H. W. Knoll, lot
on W line of San Jose avenue. CO N of Twen
ty-sixth street. N 62 by W 120:3; $5000.
Jeremiah H. Regan to Hadle G. Robinson,
lot on W line of St. Mary's street. 79:6 N of-
Pine, N 27 :ti, W 28:6, S 0:8, W 23:6, S 26:10,
E 57; $10. '
Same to same, lot on W line of St. Mary's
street, 137:6 S of California, S 29:6, W 23:6,
S 0:8. W 2S:6, N 30:2, E 57; $10: ',
Lorenzo A., Miglta. Qiambatista and Mary
Canepa to Agapita O. de Clapp, lot on S line
of Folk alley, 77:6 E of Stockton street. E 40
by S 57:6; $4000.
Morris and Augusta Fox to Isaac Fox, re
record 1738 d. 2S3, lot on S line of Vallejo
street, 70:2 E of Powell, E 15 by S 63; gift.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Adel
Meussdorffer (wife of C. A.), lot on SW corner
of Bush and Taylor streets, W 45:6 by S 63:9;
$10.
Conrad A. Meussdorffer to Adel Meussdorffer,
came; gift.
Asa R. Wells to Susie H. and Laura M.
Wells, lot on X line of Eddy street, 187:6 \V
of Taylor. W 25 by N 137 :«; also lot on NE
line of Fourth street, 252:6 SE of Mission, NE
75 by SE 22:6; gift.
Robert D. C. and Ella Cunningham to Spring
Valley Water Company, lot on E line of Reed
street, 117:6 >.* of Clay, N 50 by E 51:3;
$2250.
Lillie C. Spreckels to Claus Spreckels, lot on
SW line of Third street, 120 SE of Market, SE
25 by SW 75; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Herl V. Thomp
son, lot on E line of Vermont street, "5 S of
Twenty-fifth, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Estate of Mary J. Randall (by Ella R.
Bourne, executrix) to Bernhard Getz. lot on
W line of Twenty-third avenue. 270 S of
Clement street. S 25 by W 120; $550.
- Bernhard and Rose Getz to Asa W. Schell,
same: $10.
Patrick Lynch to Joseph Lynch, ' lot oa E
llnv of Sixteenth avenue, 286:6 N of C street,
E 127:6 by N 25: $10.
Joseph Lynch to Hugh Lynch, same; $10.
• Emma F. Elliott to Solomon Gets, lot on E
line of Forty-ninth avenue, 187:6 S of L
street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Mary Elliott to same, lot on E line of Forty
ninth avenue. 212:6 S of L street, S 25 by E
120; $10.
A. and Celestlne F. Greenebaum to S. W.
Levy lot on N line of Ninth street. 250 E of
K. E 50 by N 100. block 163. Central Park; $5.
George R. and Sarah B. Williams to Jean
Frechon. lot on NE corner of Crescent and
Banks streets. E 70 by N 50. lots 793 and 795,
gift map 2; $10.
Henry M. Owens (husband of F. H.) to S.
I>ucas Company, lot on NE line of Thirteenth
avenue. 75 SE of M street. SE 75 by NE 100,
block 248. South San Francisco Homestead,
quitclaim deed; $1.
S. Ducas Company to Sarah H. Howe (wife
of Henry A.), same; $10.
H. and Martha Huep*den to Robert F. Reln
ecker undivided half of lot 11. block C. Sunset
Heights: $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Frank and Sablne
Eugelen, lot 177, Heyman tract; $10.
Ferdinand A. (or Ferdinand) and Winifred
Smack to Nicholas P. (or Nicholas) Caputa.
lot on NW line of Mission street. 75.762 NB
of Cotter. NB 25.416. NW 111.94, SW 25. SB
107.333. lot 105, block 6. Academy tract: $10.
Thomas W., Katherlne A.. Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to Olof M. Johnson, lot 26.
block 4. subdivision 1, Castro street addition;
i Frances A. Torrens to William W. Wilson,
lot 3, block 3, Sunnyvale Homestead Assocla-
E F and Josie Gutschow and "W. R, P. and
Lydia "whlrtle.to William F. Sawyer, lot on
E lin- of Victoria street. 175 N of Shields, N
200 E 100 S 25, E 100. S 175. W 200, lots 12
to 19 39 to 45. block 44, City Land Associa
tion -'also lot on W line of Head street. 175 S
: of Garfield, S 75 by W 100. lots 36 to S3,
block 44, same: $10.
Builders* Contracts.
Mutual Life Insurance Company (owners)
with Robert McKilllcan (contractor), architect
Nathaniel Blalsdell— Carpenter, mlllwork. lath
' Ing. -plastering. plumbing, glazing, marble
! work galvanized iron stairs, hardware inside
1 finishing, doors, painting, etc., for repairing
! building damaged by fire at 321 California
! street being 23 feet on S line of said street
I distant 48:3% E of Sansome by 68; $11S8.
I M. - M. Regensburger (owner) with Dan
! Leahy (contractor). architect Edgar A.
' Mathews, superintendent J. C. Bateman — Lath.
i ing and plastering of four two-story attic and
i basement buildings on lot on SE corner of
Union and Broderlck streets, E 137:6 by S
137:6; $1640.
i O'Connor. Moffatt & Co. (owners) with J.
W. Hansbrough and A. B. Johnson (contract
ors), architect Ralph W. Hart — Alterations and
additions, except structural steel and elevator
| and ornamental cast Iron and wrought metal
work, to building on lot on S line of Post
street » 107:11 W of Kearny. W 100 by S 122:6;
*— '
"When a girl becomes engaged her
mother always says it is hard to give
her up — but she may think otherwise.
COOKJOOKS. \
Owing; to the unusual demand £
on the part of our subscribers £
for THE CALL'S Premium Cook S
Book It has been necessary to S
order an additional supply, h
These books are expected about ?
the loth Inst., on and after ?
which date they will be at the £
disposal of our patrons at the £
very low price of 50c. c
To subscribers receiving their S
paper- by mall there will be an a
additional charge of 25c to pre- i
f pay expressage. We also have \
on hand a few copies of "Wild <
Animals I Have Met," thor- }
oughly descriptive of the whole i
animal kingdom, on the same <
terms. Order now, as our sup- *
ply is limited. ' . " d
POLO BOOMING
AT BURLINGAME
Distinguished Players From
the East and From Europe
Add Zest to the Game
SAN MATEO, Dec. 13.— The polo en
thusiasts played a splendid gram* on
C. TV. Clark's private field this after
noon for a dinner wager In which the
Whites were victors 6 to 3. New spirit
and enthusiasm has been put into the
Erame by the arrival of several players.
Among the new comers are the Baron
von "Wulften. of the imperial resi
dence at Potsdam, a distant relative
of the German Emperor, accompanied
by Over Lieutenant von Rleven of tho
Kaiser Faux Garde in the Grenadier
Regiment Number 2, of Berlin, com
prising a part of the Imperial Guard.
These gentlemen are here to perfect
themselves in the sport of polo as
practiced by the best players in Ameri
ca. They will spend the season her©
and on their return to Germany will
put the game into more general prac
tice in the Kaiser's domain. Among
the players to-day were George Mes
seroy of New York, a friend of Georg*
J. Gould, who wore the scarlet colors
and acquitted himself superbly. F. J.
Mackey waa also in the match and
played in hia usual fine form, scoring
three goals for his side. Cyril Tobln
also played a matchless gam?, and
added additional laurels to his grow
ing fame. The sides were as follows:
"Whites— W. S. Hobart. F. J. Mackey,
Charles "W. Clark, J. O. Tobin Jr.
Reds— Cyril R. Tobin, George Me»
seroy, R. M. Tobin, Charles Dunphy.
There will be another match on
Thursday in which the distinguished
Germans will participate and on Sun
day a specially strong match is ben*
arranged between the best ployers oa
the coast.
WATCH AND LOCKET AKB
PRESENTED H. P. THRALIi
Ketlring Superintendent of Railway
Mall Service Is Remembered by
His Associates.
H. P. Thrall, retiring superintendent
of the local division of th« railway
mail service, was presented with a
handsome gold watch and diamond
studded locket last night by the men
who worked with him as a fellow
clerk and under him as superintend
ent.
The presentation speech was mada
by A. H. Stephens, who will succeed
Thrall as superintendent. In behalf
of the members of the department ha
thanked Mr. Thrall for the courtesy
and consideration which he had ex
tended at all times to the men under
him.
In a few words Mr. Thrall thanked
his former subordinates for the token
of esteem tendered him on hia retire
ment and assured them that while life
should last it would be treasured as
would be the memory of his asso
ciates in the postofflce.
Mr. Thrall leaves to take charge of
the mail business of the Harriman
system and his headquarters will be
Chicago.
Seandanavian Fete.
The Scandinavian Society of San
Francisco will celebrate its forty-sixth
annual Christmas tree festival and
ball at Native Sons* Hall on Saturday,
December 17.
Special provisions have been made
for the entertainment of the children
for Saturday afternoon at 5 o'clock,
when they will be treated with a larga
Christmas tree elaborately bedecked,
and heavily laden with toys.
In the evening:, at 8:30 o'clock, ths
older folks will assemble and enjoy tha
festivities with the young people.
This society lays claim to the dis
tinction of being: the pioneer Seanda
navian society of San Francisco. It
was organized in 1858, forty-six years
ago, and there are only few of its
charter members alive.
Gunther Objects to PaneL
When the case of E. W. Gunther.
charged with offering and giving a
bribe to David J. Kelly, a Juror at the
trial of Nguen Lun In Judg6ul,awlor*«
court, came up for trial yesterday
morning before a Jury in the tama
court. Judge Wells of Contra Costa
County presiding. Attorney Shortridja
raised a number of technical point*
as to the panel. The arguments and
evidence on these points had not con*
eluded when court adjourned.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
s*g\C rvSsk. Steamer* of company, o*
/£3««1\ for which It Is ajrot. Imt?
I 1 \C?WL I I For Ketchikan. TvYijimL.
l \ XlOkafiA/ I Juneau. Tr«adw«ll, HaIa*K
W^. M T3PV Sfcacuay. 'tc-. Alaika ■ H £
ySSJ* sff*f m., Dec. 18. 5l. 28. 81. JaSl
5 - Chang* to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver, Port Tbwaaend.
Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Anacortea, SoutS
Belllngham, Belllngham — 11 a. m., Deo. 19,
21, 26, 31, Jan. 5. Change at Seattle to till
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.i
at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vaa*
couver to C. P. Rv.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:JM}
p. m., Dec. 18. 24, 30, Jan. 3. Corona, 1:34
p m.. Dec. 15. 21, 27, Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anreles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crua, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Hartord (S*a
Luis Oblst>o). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bon It a. 9 a. m.. Dec. 17. 26 Jan. 2.
Coos Bay. 8 a. m.. Dec. 13. 21. 29. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa». Santa Rosalia.
Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each month
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamers or galling: dates
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market gt., and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office 10 Market at.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent
-^ » .- 10 art 5T t 8t - S* 1 * Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st will
call for and check bags-acre from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
oceanics.s.co. hssms
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday. Dec 22 2 p\i
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec* 31* 11 a m
S. S. MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. Dec!" 31.' 11 a," M.
J.D.5PBICHLS&M0S. OX, ABl.TittstQanSOIir..
ui mm csic3 327 Kami si, pier ?, pacias ;-.
C0KPA8MIS GXNHULJ T»A!raiTtA»ria3X
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-partw
Sailing every Thursday Instead of
Eaturday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier *-5»S2>
42. North River, foot of Morton st.
Ilrat class to Havre. $70 and upward. Be©,
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. OEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building) '
New Tork. J. T. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific CttajJ
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenue Saiv Francisco.
Tickets aold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Fox XT. S. Navy Yard and Vails Jo.
Sub. General Frisbie. Munticeiio ana Arrow
0:45 a-m., 12:30p.m.. 3:15 p.m., « p.m.. S:30 nC
m. Leave Saa Francisco Sundays »:43 a.mT
12:30 p.m.. 0 p.m.. 8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo. i
a.m.. 9 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:13 p.m.. 6 p.m. 3un.
days. 7 a.m.. t> a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. « p.m. Pier 2.
ft Mission st. : phone Main 13UH. HATCH BROS.
;' For T7. S. STavy Yard and VtfUsJo.
Stmr. H. J. CORCORAN leaves norttt end
Ferry bldg.. foot of Clay at.. 10 a. m., 3-3«
p m.; Sundays, 10 a. m.. 8 p. m. Leav«
Vallejo. Aden's wharf. 7:15 a. m.. 2:30 a.
m.; Sundays. 7:15 a. m.. 5 p. m. Far* 23«
•ach way. PIPER, ADEN. GOODALL CO.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
\lj all-street Stocks recover from V 2 to 2 points. Cotton higher.
Local Stocks and Bonds quiet and without feature.
Shipment 0/31,80^.366 in Specie to the Orient.
Silver mid Sterling Exchange shozv an advance.
Wheat and Barley quiet at previous prices. Wheat Freights dull.
Oats. Corn and Rye as before quoted. Beans inactive.
Bran and Feedstuff s firm. Hay quiet and weak. . •
Butter market ivell cleaned up and firm. Cheese unchanged.
Fine Eggs in light supply and firm.
Dried Fruiis, Raisins and Nuts moving slozi'ly.
Provisions in abundant supply and inactive.
Wool and Hides cleaned up and firm.
Hops lozver again, but selling off better.
Light demand for Beef, Mutton and Pork.
Good Potatoes steady, but inferior very dull. .
Po*.tltry and Game in good supply.
Fruit market sufficiently supplied with seasonal kifids.
Stocks and Cotton.
The New Tork wire* of E. F. Huttos & Co.
yesterday said:
STOC2CS — The rcaersJ stock market was put
throujrh another severe te«t to-day and it
came ihroush the ordeal in such good shape
that it looks es though we are getting to the
foA of the disturbance which has been In evl
<enoe fiurtrifi: the last f«w days. Important
.«uj>j>crt was visible. The closing was firm,
with t!r.« general llet showing advances. In
many cases of lully a point over last night's
closing quotations. We cannot say that the
market has yet done its worst, but w» think
vie are nearer the end of the disturbance.
> rr ''- teemed to be extended, through the
entire list and ehort covering did the rest. The
action of the market to-day shows the situa
tion U well In hand, but we continue to feel
that on strong epots stocks th«t have been *c
t-umulated for supporting purposes will b« for
sale. --
COTTON — Trading xras mostly professional.
.Judging fresi the act'.cn of the market, it
looks oversold. The trade In pe-nal is still
very bearish, as seen In Wall street, but
*> hen this condition exists and cotton has ni
irieT.it, it is about time for a change of front.
*U> should have another glnners" report about
the SSth ln*t_. giving the cotton ginned up to
Ij^cember 13.
The Weatlicr and Crops.
The weekly rei>ort cf A. G. McAdle, section
director of the climate and crop service of
th# Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENITRAL SUMMARY.
la the central and northern sections the
weather vu cool and frosty at the beginning
c! the week and warmer toward the cloie.
•with rain on the »th and 10th in most places.
i>ivj- foes were frrquent in the coaet dis
tricts. In the southern section the weather
rts generally warm ar.d clear, with dry winds.
Early eown craln has not been injured by
the heavy frosts and lc In excellent condition,
though its growth has been somewhat re
tarded by cool weather. Plowing and seeding
are progressing rapidly in the central and
northern sections, and the acreage in grain
■w"l be large. Very little farm work has
b»en done In the routh. owing to th« scarcity
of rainfall, and th» outlook for a grain crop
la not good. P£5ti:rage is plentiful and of
excellent quality in all places except the
* juth. Stock continues in good condition.
The correspondett at Cloverdale reports that
oranges in that vicinity have not been in
jure by the heavy frosts and are in excel
test condition; the email Japonete oranges
fere rip* and other varieties are coloring rapid
ly. Orange picking is progressing in the oihei
olstricts and heavy shipments are beins made
for the holiday trad*. In the Orovine and
.Porter-rill* districts tfce crop is about aver
age and most of it has b*en harvested. In
Southern California the yield is considerably
1*£S than last ntton'f and the fruit is color
ing slowly. All reports agree as to the ex
cellent quality of the oranges. Olive pick
ing i s *till in progress in some sections, and
st Cloverdale the crop is unusually large.
. VruniriK Is rrosressinE in orchards and vlne
jards.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY. — Cool weathei
.with heavy frosts prevailed during the first
cf the week, and wa* followed by higher
-temperature and rein at the close. The frosts
reused tome damage to olives on the trees
and tender rarden truck, but did not injure
oranrrr nor grain. Conditions were somewhat
unfavorable for the growth of train and grass,
but both are looking welL Plowing and seed
ing continue. Green feed is plentiful and
Ftock is doing well. Orange picking and ship
ping are in progress and the crop is reported
nry rood. Olives are yielding an excellent .
crop " in eome places. Orchard pruning hat
commenced.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.— The weather
was cool and frosty at the beginning of the
week, but warmer toward the close. Rain fell
In the central and northern sections Friday
and Saturday; in Fanta Clara and Sonoma
<*oonties the rreciDitation was about one inch.
Heavy foes were frequent In the coast dis
tricts. Grain and feed continue in good con
dition except in portions of the southern dis
tricts. Plowing and feeding are progressing.
The correspondent at Cloverdale reports:
'Treats have not been heavy enough to dam
sse orange?. Japanese oranges are ripe. Some
seedlings are colored, but are not sweet. Other
varieties are coloring rapidly. Olives are ;
• ready to pick." Pruning in vineyards and
orchards contir.ues.
SAN JOAOUIN VALLEY. — Generally cloudy
and cool weather prevailed during the week,
with light showers ia the northern portion of
the valley on Thursday and Friday. Plowing
and reeding continue in the northern portion
of the valley and good progress has been
rr.a<!le, but the ground Is too dry for cultiva
tion in the central and southern portions.
Ksrty town train Is making good progress,
but rain Is badly needed in all sections. The
greater portion of the orange crop has been
marketed; the fruit is of good fize and ex
cellent quality. Large shipments of potatoes
• ami hay to Southern California point* continue
from Stockton. Pruning vines has commenced
in some localities. Frosts have been frequent?
but no daicace has resulted. Green feed 1h
plentiful and stock Is in good condition and
healthy.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.— Warm, clear
weather prevailed most of the week, with
dry!=g wlnrts in some sections. Oranges were
•benefited by the warm weather and are now
coloring mere rapidly in most place*. Pick
'.nr for the holiday trade Is progressing and
■even! carloads were shipped during the week.
The oranges are generally excellent in quality,
but th* yield in mort sections will be below
average. Grape fruit Is smaller than usual,
•••mirjr to the scarcity of water. Lemons are
in fair condition, but show lack of moisture.
Farm work is at a Ftandstlll and creen feed
has failed In nearly all sections.
Los Angles Summary. — Oranges are ren
crcMy ripening nicely and of good rize and
Quality; crop less than last season. In the
southern sections the fruit is not ripe enough
for the holiday trade. Lemcas in some sec-'
tier* are the finest ever handled: Kenerally
an averace yield. A carload going out dally
/T<->m r)ace5. J
Eureka Summary. — Clear, with some frort
the fore part of the week. The present rain
caused cassation of farm work. Grass and
prain growing rapidly. Stock doing excep
tionally ■well. Apple shipments continue.
EASTERN >£ARKIvTS.
New York Money JIarket.
VEW YORK, Dec. 13.— Close: Money on
rail fi2i fiesay at 2%^3 per cent, closing bid
2 ottered i3H per <?ent.
Time leans were ea*y and dull, with sixty
day?, ninety dsys and six months at 3% per
cent.
Prime Tr.ercp.ntUe paper. 4>j#T4«i per cent
Sfrlirg was firm with nctual busl
r'n«"in bankers' bills at $4.SCS5ig4.&e9 for de
mand and at $4.8114!;H.8423 for sixty-day
"pasted rates, *4 81%®4 S5 and $4 87%.
• ■ornr.irrcial ImIis, $4 64%.
Bar silver. CO*ic.
Mexican dollar*. 48U* 1 .
<Jo\ci-nment bonds, stcadr; railroad bonds,
irreguJsr.
New York Stock JIarket.
ICISW YOP.K. Dee. 13.— The Stock Exchange
spent another b.id half hour after the opening
wf-t^io::. Prompt and visorous measures were
j><loptcd by powerful r-Apitallsts to avert a
dieaster, and the hrafilar.g dou-nward plunge
of prices almost Immediately, checked. A
feveris-h tciie pcn«Ut°tf during a part of the
ppasmcdfe recovery an2 then the market f=et
iUd Aov:n irith a period of tranqcil . advances.
The blphcr level thus attained had the effect
of iuv'tia? Nome renewed se!lir.g, and the
manner in vhi:h prices melted away under
th»s light .pnt-.-Fure revii-cd the nervous feeling
w-hjeii v.r.s crtlr partly allayed. The whole
rrarlitt s*ov.-cd a close sympathy with Am
alearn::ted '.'orrT thrcuRhout . the day and it
,tvas the d^f-rrnlned .support, of > that etock
ar?.in«t the opening prr-fiure that pave. force
to the Ftipvcrtins; avaftires <•!?• where arter. the
firpt . plurcv Ama^arnatcd Capper fell; back
to last r.irht's U-tcI for .1 moment, after mov
!nffa i;oin! higher nt the opening, but when
it waa perceived that' it would' not yield bcljw
that the market advanced. This stock again
demonstrated its effective dominating power on
the market in the last hour. At that time a
levei of prices had been attained for the prin
cipal market loaders from 1 to 2 points above
last night. Amalgamated Copper itself had
ri«*n 5% over the nnal price -of yesterday. It
was its abrupt relapse over 2 points which
gave the market Its sudden chill again. When
the sudden reversal in the movement of Amal
gamated Copper v.-as ae^n to be a false start
there were recoveries almost as sudden as the
reaction. But this was not entirely convincing,
to sentiment and the closing evinced much hes
itation and uncertainty. The break at the
opening cost the price level generally from 1
to 3 points. There • were much larger declines
in some stocks, but they »w not representa
tive of the active list. Neither were th«y
restored by the subsequent rally. Lack&wanna
lost 15 points in this way. Pullman 7 and
American Express 5. These were generally
recognized as due to the rellnqulshment of
measures used to force a few stocks of this
class to an unwarrantable high level for effect
on the speculation in the general market. The
morning break had the result of making some
prices lower ..than thoee en the low point on
Thursday last, but it could not "be said thai
the averaxe levei of the market was below
that point. It was evidently the intention of
the Fupportera-of the market that it should not
be. as that would hava the effect of exhaust
ing margins and uncovering stop-Ions orders
which were not disturbed by last week's raid,
and thus bring an additional avalanche of
liquidation upon the markot. General news
features revived little attention, although the
continued rise in . sterling exchange caused
some djscuseion of the probability of further
gold export". Money was very easy and was
not a factor in the market.
Bonds declined early, but showed some re
covery. Total sales (par valpe). $7,240,000.
united States bonds were unchanged on call.
New York Stock List.
E. F. Button & Co., 490 California street,
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange :
Sales. | STOCKS. IHighjLow. I Bid. I Ask.
J : — | j ] ]
;• jAdams Ex | | |J36 |24o
l*4..W;Amal Copper .| 6«%1 «1%| G4T,i «5%
jAmer Can Co..j j | lu%| 10«i
I Do pfd | j i 59 59%
TOOjA Car & F Co..| 31U. 29 | 31 | 31i 4
5<X>j Do p(d 90»i! K>fti 90 | 90%
400;Am Cotton Oil.. 35% j 35 I «5^i 30m,
! Do pfd |.....| 93 | 86'
iAm Dist Tel j | | 37%| 88
;Amer Ex t .| |2rt5 |210
4.400,Am G T Co 13 | 11%| 12%| 12%
ttooiAm H & Leatbj 10>i| » T i| 9 1 > | 1O}4
S.3l«)| Do pfd j 42^j 4 W i^j 42' I 43
l.i*K>,Amer Ice i (>u,j « | 8% i *%
2.1Wi Do pfd 39 37T4I 3S%j 39
i.WAm Locomotive. | 31%\ 30 | 31%j 31U
700; Do pfd 101%|10<J% 101 ■ Uu2- •
Amer Malt S%| 7fc 8%[ »<&
»00| Do pfd 27^128% 27H 27%
»,400;Amer S & R Co. 79&' h 77?i 78U 78%
«00l Do pfd 113 ing in 112
U.MOjAraer Sugar ... 1S9»4 130% 139 139%
I Do pfd .136 138
100|Amer Tob pfd.|147% 147% 147% 148
l.lOOiAiner Woolen ..| 20% 20 20V 4 21
100) Do pfd m »l 92 93
lOOi Anaconda . . . . 103 100 102 104
24.300| A T & 8 F . . 85 82ft 64% 85
l,G00| Do pfd 102% 1102 102H 102T4
48,700|Balt & Ohio....| 99V* I 95% 98% 99'
I Bay State Gas..) |...... U %
25.000IB R T 58T(,| 56% 57Ti, 58
S.GOO^rook Un Gas.. 12%|-11% 11% 12'i
IButteriek Co (..... 50 61%
300;Canada Sou ... 69 %| 89 70 71%
2.50<>iCanadlan Pac... 129% i27?i 12>>% 129'
7.7OOIC & 0 40% 44 *i 48% 46?i
700;C & A 40 39»/i 30% 41
600.C & G W 22% 21V4 224 22U
2001 Do pfd "A".. 65 65H «5' 67
Do pfd "B".. . ..... 34 35
SO0C & G W debs.) 86 64»;
1.5O0[C & N W 200 198 198% 200
32,U«0:C M & St P.... 167% 167%
.......( Do pfd 18O 184
39,4<»0 C R 1 & P (new) 33 SOU 32>4 32%
1.700 Do pfd 84 62% 84 84%
Do 4s 81 81 Vi
2fto;Chl Terminal .. 12% 11% 11% 12
400| Do pfd ~ 22% 22 22 22%
2.30O,Cli!eago U T.... 12 11 11&; l2Vi
lttl Do pfd 43% 43% 43 44
1,000'C C C & St L.. 87% 87% 8<*i 87%
I Po pfd 105 . 115
Cleveland LAW 70. 80
Do pfd «5 110
16.500jColorado F & I 44% 40% 43 4.{%
Do. pfd 85 D5
Colum H C& I 16% 17U
SOO.Colo Southern .. 21% 20% 21 21%
2.0C0I Do 1st pfd 60% 65 56U 57'
Do 2d pfd 32' 34'
e.lOO'ConsolId Gas ...204 203 212% 213
200-Con Tob Co pfd 127?i 127% 127% 12!)
5.100 Corn Products... 20% 20% 2OV4 20%
700 Do pfd 79 78 77% 78%
6.00C D<?1 & Hudson .. IS* 181 183% 1*3%
100D L & W 320 330
5O0D & R G pfd .. 86 85V4 86 S0%
lDe* M & Ft D 78 79
200IDetrclt Un Ry.. 77 77 77% 77»;
"OOjDei Southern ... 6 6 6 6%
1,900 Do pfd 27% 26% 27U 27%
JDiamond Match 136 138
4.400Distil Secur .... 37% 36 37% 87%
... Do bonds ...... 78 79
Duluth S S A A 10 12
300 Do pfd 21% 21% 22 22%
S5.S00 Eris 36 33 35% .J5%
S.OOft Do 1st pfd 73% 73%
&C0 Do 2d pfd 54% 63 54% 55
E&TH 00 63
! Do pfd 80 S3
3.RW);General Elec ... 185 182% 183% 185
300'Gt Northern pfd 216 216 221 222
00,SS0:Green Cons Cop. 25V4 19 25 25%
Havana Tob Co 33 35
I Do pfd.. 43 46
COO Hocking Valley.. 89% 89 89% 90
400 Do pfd 92% »2 92% 93
14,000, Illinois Central.. 151% 150 150% 151%
14.200'Inter Paper ....' 25% 23% £5Vi 25%
I Do R fd 791 <* «S% 79«,i 79%
Inter Power 62% 01% 60% 62%
Inter Pump .- 40 41
Do pfd 85 87
Iowa Central ... 29 28 28% 29%
Do pfd 54% 56
KC, FtS&Mpfd 82 81 81% 82
100 K C Southern 28 29
Do Pfd 50% 81%
iKeokuk & Des M 16 18
Lacled* Gas pfd 85 87
L E & Western 33 39
-1 Do pfd... , 96 100
.'.fLong Inland >....«. 60 . 63
14.7OOJL & N 13S 135 130% 137V1
2,000 Manhattan .. ..164 102% 162% 103%
..Man Beach 9 11
(Met Sees 77V4 75 75% 70
lO.noojMet 6t Ry lll>y t im; 118% 118%
4.700,Me*ican Cent .. 20 19% 19»i .
400 Minn & St L 60 60 «V> 62
100 Do 1st pfd . . 05 93 93 93
200 M S P & SS M 87% 84% 86% 87
UK) Do pfd 144 141 141 142
JU00M K A T. 30% 29% 30 « 30%
8.5OQ Do pfd 62V* fi0% C2 62U
23.400 Missouri Pac 109% 103 105% 105%
....... Nash C A St L 141 145
700 Nat Lead ._....: 23 22 22% 23
....... Do pfd 96% 99
N R R Mex pfd ....- 39 40
400 NaU Biscuit . . . 155% 155 155% 156
I Do pfd .....: 115- 116
800 N J Central ..... 188 188%
N Y Air Brake. 152% 150 .. -
9,400 IC Y Central.... 135% 133 ' 135% 135i«
N Y C & S L:. 41% .40% ...„ .....
..:.... Do 1st pfd. ..... 112 120
....... Do 2d pfd ,- 73 78
N Y Dock-.". 18 24
600 N Y N H A Hil97 196V4 197 " 198
T..700 N Y O A W..V. 42% 41% 42% 42%
n.OOOlNor A West'.. 77% 75%j 77 77V1
j Do pfd ».'. ..:...! 92 94
S.30O!Kortli Amerl .. 100% 9S I 9*V£ 100
12.000'Nor Sees 125%ll21%il25 25«
... iOniaha .. I.....I::... 152 155
... I Do pfd ..V.;..j..?.. ..... i!*) 95
1O L S 4s.: 1 1O3«I1O4
.jPaciflc Coast ..];......... 73- .75
.......I DopM I }.. ... I 07 1105
ifiOl D.-> 2d pfd ..I 80 I £f> I 80 R3
1 5«0'Pae!flc Mall ....) 42*;| 40" | 41 | 42«,i
fin.OOOlPtnn R -ft Co. 1135 il32: |134ttll34%'
ll,30o!PeopIe Gas ll«>%!10S%ll<MK.ii04a/
SOOiPf C C A S L..| 75 1 74%| 75 J 78
THE SAN FKAKUSLU CALL, WEDNESDAY,? DECEMBER 14, 1904.
I I Do pfd 1 104%1108
1.300 Pressed S C... 37% 36 37 37%
00 Pfd S7^ 87 '» b7^ W
. lOOPujlman Car Co 235 238
Ry Steel S Co . 30V. 31
... Do pfd 9oy> 91
. 6, 7CO Reading 77% 74>4 70% 77
loo do m pfd :... ....: 8» oo
•••••-• Do 2d pfd 80% 8OV'i 60 81
2.200Rep S &!.... 15% 14% 15 15%
....... Lk) pfd ... 07 65% 66% C7^i
2,100 Rubber Goods .. 2)i\(, 25% 20 V* 26%
21*0 Do pfd 83 " 03 92 94
300iSlo*s S S & I Co 59% 58V'. 59% fii»
100! r> 0 pfd 102 102 " 96 100
100.S J i G I 1 B M 90% 89% 90% 01
I Do 2d pfd 24 27
OOOjSt L&S F 2d pfd 61% flVi 04% C3
300!St L & S W... 24»4 2J% 24 24%
2.300| Do pfd ...^.. 55% 53% 64 61%
6(1,000 Southern PacT.. 61 'A 59U G1M 01^
1.050 Do pfd 117% 117U 117% 117%
Southern Ry ... 84}; 82% 33"A 31V4
1.900 Do pfd 96 94% 94>i 94%
COO Standard Oil ... C35 040
1 Standard R i T 3 8^
9,C00|Tenn Coal & I. 67% 03 67 67%
iTexas P L T Co 36H 37
4,800|TPxas Paciflc ... 34 32% 33% 34.
100: Third Avenue . . ,130% 130% 130 132
Toledo R & T Co 22% 23
400,Toledo Ht L & W 34% 34% T.4% 35
2.100) Do pfd ...... 51 49 50% 51
200lTnin City R T. 104 104 1(«% 105
Do pfd 102 Vi 103
Union Bag Sc P. 10% 11
Do pfd 74 76
127.000 Union Pacific . . . 108% 108% 108 108%
800 Do ptd 95 95' 94% 93 ft
I Do conv 4s 107% 108 .
lUnlted Copper ; 22 25 ■ '
100 United R of S F 23 23 22 28
* 200 Do pfd 67% 07 67% 63
Do 4s 87Vl 87%
300 U S Cast I Pipe. 17% 17% 17% 18
2.700 Do pfd 77% 75 77% 77%
U S Express 11B 118
7.500 U S Leather ... 17% 15% 16% 16%
900 Do pfd 101*4,99 100% 101
.'.US Rty & C pf d 77 79
1.900 U S Rubber 31% 29% 30% 31U
• l.GOO Do pfd 91% 00% 90% 91%
17^,200 U S Steel Cor. .. 2S% 25 27% 27%
1C1.»OO Do pfd S6% 84% 87% 8S
400 Va-Car Chem Co 40 39% 40 41
1.000 Do pfd Ill 110 110 112
1.900 Wabash 21% 20% 21% 21%
3,000 Do pfd 43 40% 41% 43
300 Do deb Bs ... 50 49% 49% 50%
Wells Fargo Ex 235 240
500 Western Union.. 92% 91% 92% 92%
400 Westlnghouse ... 178 177% 178 ISO
. 100 Do 1st pfd ... 193 193 190 196
200W&LE 18U 1SY* 18
300 Do let pfd ... 45% 45
Do 2d Dfd ... 26% 26
Wisconsin Cen .. 21% 20% 21% 22
400 Do pfd 44% 44 44% 41%
.1,580,300— Total shares sold. «• j
New York Bonds. '
U S ref 2s. reg...lO4>»|L & N unified 4e. 103&
Do coupon 104%|Man con gold 4s.. 105
Do 3b, reg 104%!Mexican Cen 4s.. 76%
Do coupon 104 41 Do 1st lnC 22%
Do new 4s, reg.l30%|Mlnn & St L 4«.. B6%
Do coupon.. 131 | Mo, Kan & T 4s. 100
Do old 4s, re?..105% Do 2ds 86>i
Do coupon 106%|Ntl R Mex con 4s. 81
Atchison gen 4s. 102% N Y Cen gen 3%s.l01
Do ad 4s 94% N J Cen gen 5s..l3Q
Atlantic C L 4s.. 99% Northern Pao 4s. 104%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 103 Do 3s T5
Do 3%s 98 N &. W con 4s. ..101%
Central of Ga 5s. .111 IO6L 4s and partlc.104
.Do l*t inc 91 |Penn conv 3%s l(/2Vi
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7'i|Readlng gen 4s 102%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 81%,-StL A IM con 5s.. 110';
C. B & Q new 4s. 100 StL & SF fg 4s... 80*4
CM & StP gen 4s.llOT4 3t L S W lets 07%
C & N W con 7*..128Tfc Seaboard A L 4s.. 85
C.RI & P RR 4s. 80!4JSouth«>rn Pac 4a... 93%
Do cols 5s 93 ISouthern Ry 5s....ll9Vi
CCC&SL gen 4s.l01%|Tex & Pac Ists...ll9>i
Chi Terminal 4s.. -85 |T St L & W 4s.. S2%
Con Tob 4s 80 lUnion Pacific 106%
Colo & South 4s. S9%! Do conv 4s lOS 1 *,
C F & I 5s 84 |U 6 Steel 2d 5s... 00
Den & Rio G4s.lC2Vi Wabash lets 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. 101% Do deb B 06^4
Do gen 4s 01% W & L E 4s fl.1%
Ft W & D C lstn.lOS [Wisconsin Cen 4s. 92V 4
Hocking Val 4%s.lll%|
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20|Little Chief.. 05
Alice OOJOntarlo 3 50
Breece l^iOphlr 3 15
Brunswick Con.... 17IPhoenix 17
Comstock Tunnel.. OSiPotosl .15
Con Cal & Va;...l 7.VSavag« - ,.24
Horn Silver 1 SSISlerra Nevada ....... 48
Iron Silver... 1 »0ts>mall Hopes 20
l>adville Con 02|Standard , 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — 1 Do pfd...'. 31%
Call loan* 3%@4|U S Steel 27%
Time loans 4 <&:.| Do pfd 87%
Bonds — ( Mining — _ "
Atchison ad 4s.. 93%|Adventure S%
Do 4s 101%lAlloue« 17%
Mexican Cen 4s.. TO (Amalgamated .... C5lfc
Railroads — | American Zinc... 12 Vi
Atchison 84% Atlantic 16
Do pfd lC2&!Blngham 33.
Boston & Albany. 252 ICaluniet & Hecla.645
Boston & Malpe.,175 (Centennial 25
Boston Elevated. .153 (Copper Range 65%
Fltchburg pfd 139V«|Daly West 12
Mexican Central. l»%|Dominion Coal.... 63
N Y. N H & H..l»0% I Franklin 10%
Pere Marquette. . . 73 (Granby 4%
Union Pacific... 108% I*le Royale 23%
Miscellaneous — Mass Mining 4
Am Ante Chem... 21 Michigan 9
Do pfd 85 Mohawk 60%
Am Pneu Tube... 5 Mont Coal & Coke. 4%
Amer Sugar 13S%|Old Dominion 24%
Do pfd 136 lOsceola 92
Amep Tel & Tel.l4S%IParrott 26%
Amer Woolen...,. 20%|Quincy 102%
Do .pfd 92 l&hannon HU
Dominion I & S.. 17%|Tamarack 117
Ed Elec Ilium 250 Trinity 10%
General Electric. 1S3 |U S Mining 24'A
Mass Electric 14 |U S Oil .10%
Do pfd 6l%|Utah 4214
MhksGrs 38H Victoria 4
United Fruit 104%iwinona 11
United Shoe Mach 59 [Wolverine 105
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 87%iN Y Central 138
Cons for acct..87 15-16iNor & West 78%
Anaconda 5'4 Do pfd... 9.1%
Atchlson 85% Ontario & West.. 78%
Do pfd.. -<..:. 105 Pennsylvania ....93%
Bait & Ohio 100% Rand Mines.." 43%
Canadian Pacific. 132V4 Reading 38%
Ches & Ohio 47% Do 1st pfd 45
Chi Great West.. 22 Do 2d pfd 41
C. M & St P.... 170% Southern Ry 34%
De Beers 191* Do pfd f»7%
Den & Rio O 31% Southern Pac fl2%
Do pfd 81 Union Pacific..... 1C9
Erie 38 ,. Do pfd 97
Do- l*t pfd 74%|U S Kteel 27%
• Do 2d pfd...... 56%| Do pfd 88%
Illinois Central... 1R5 I Wabash 21
Louis & Nash 141U Do pfd 43
M. K & T. 30%!SpanIsh 4s 89%
Bar silver — Firm. 23d per ounce.
Money — 1@1% per cent.
The rate of discount jn the open market for
short bills is 2%@2% per cent and for thre«
months' bills 2% per cent. .
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Deo. 13. — To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances shows : Avail
able cash balance, $143,559,428; gold $00
039,050. ' ' ■
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— COTTON— Futures
opened quiet and firm. December offered at
7.55c; January, 7.C0c; February, 7.68c; March
7.79c; April, 7.85c; May, 7.92c; June. 7.98c-
July, 8.03c; August. 8.01c; September, 7.05o
bid.
Futures closed steady. January, 7.67c; Feb
ruary, 7.74c; March,- 7.85c; April, 7.90c; May
7.97c; Juna, 7.90c: July, 8.08c; August. 8.04c.
Spot closed dull. Middling uplands, 8.00c:
middling Gulf. 8.25c. Sales,. 425 bales.
New York Produce Market.
NEW YORK, Dec , 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29.700 barrels; exports, 10,100 barrels; steady
with light demand.
WHEAT— Receipts, 29,000 bushels; spot
steady. No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 21% f.o. b '
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b.j
afloat. Options influenced at first by less fa
vorable Argentine news and steady cables were
strong. With tha exhaustion of shorts, how- '
ever, prices reacted, and in the afternoon be-'
came heavy. Ths market dosed %c lower'
May. closed at $1 12; July. $102%; December,'
$115%. i
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Flrmr
HIDES— Strong. .
PETROLEUM— Steady. i
COFFEE— Spot Rio steady.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER, CHEESE and EGGS— Unchanged
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet. Common. 3%©4c;- prime, 4ViS>4Uc
choice. 5@5%c; fancy. 6®6%c. 7«*i^^c,
PRUNES— Ruled firm. California fruit
ranges from 2c to 6c, according to grade
while Oregon supplies rule as high as 6*ie for
the larger sixes. : . , ■
■ APRICOTS — Are being. fcken at full prices
and rule firm. Choice, 10c; extra choice 10U
©lie: fancy. ll%@15c. . ,•..% *,'',
PEACHES— Remain firm, with choice Quoted
at 9KQiO*ic:' extra choice, 0%*fl0Wc/ and
fancy at 10%^llc. '
New Y'ork .Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 13.— There was a small
decline In the London tin market, with soot
closing at £132 10s and futures at £130 Lo
cally . the market was . quiet, . without showing
any weakness as a result of the slight decline
abroad,- and outside prices were held a little
higher in some cases. Spot closed at $28 85@
*»V 15i ■■ ii.i ..,-"~-''. I
. Copper is more or less unsettled by the de
velopments ; in connectinon with Copper, stocks ':
arid, with business very quiet, quotations lo
cally^ are little more than nominal. Lake is
quoted • at - $14 ST^telS 12>4; electrolytic at
$14 75@13 and casting at $14 50014 75.. -
The London market for copper. was reported
unchanged at £00 for spot, while futures de
clined slightly and are quoted at £6C 5s. .
Lead - waa unchanged at $4 6C@4 70 in ' the
local market, and at £12 17s 6d in London.
Spelter was also unchanged in both markets.
Locally quotations stand at $5 75@5 87 >i. and
spot Is quoted at £24 17s (id in London.
Iron closed at 62s 3d in Glasgow, and at 47s
Cd in Mlddlesboro. iron was un
changed. — . ; „■*'■'
Available^Grain Supply.
NEW YORIC. Dec. 13.— Special cable and
telegraph advices received by Bradstreefs show
the following: changes in • available supplies,
compared with last account:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 1.371,000 bushels; Afloat
for and In Kurope, decrease 1,000,000; total
supply decreased 2,371,000 bushels.
Corn — United Statee and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increase 2.007,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 830.000 bushels. .
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 13. — Wheat traders were in
clined to hold off for Secretary Shaw'a final
decision with regard to the proposed draw
backs on' Canadian wheat mill-eJ in bond. The
decision the traders expected would be an
nounced to-morrow. Uncertainty as to the
effect Impelled cautious longs to unload and
resulted in a loss of %c to >/4c at the opening,
the inilial price of May being $1 CO^g»l 0&%.
Large Northwestern arrivals were also a fac
tor in producing weakness. A report that the
yield in Argentina was blighted to a consider
able extent and the cold weather was retarding
growth caused enough buying to advance the
price of May to $1 10Vi. 'J*he betterment from
this source, however, soon passed and on' the
reaction May sold off to $1 0S%. One of 'the
most important causes of the downward .ten
dency •' of prices waa lack of support. The
close was easy. %<S'%c lower, at $1 08% for
May delivery, 94c above the low point of the
day.
Corn was firm at the opening, but later be
came even weaker than wheat. December
broke sharply, closing l%c lower at 45%c.
May closed Uc lower at 44%c.
Oats were firm. May closed unchanged at
30% c.
Provisions ruled steady. The clot* was un
changed from yesterday.
the leading futures ranged as follow* :
Articles— Open. High. ' Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 106% 107% 1 0694 1 06%
May 1 09% 1 10% 108% 108%
July J 30% 80% 80% 30%
Corn No. 3—
December.. .. 47% 47% 45% 45%
May 44% 44% 44Vi 44%
July 45 45 448 44%
Oats No. S —
December 28% 28V4 28^ 28%
Mav 30%, 30% 30% 80%.
July 30% 80% 80% 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 85 12 85 12 82% 12 85
May 12 62% 12 70 12 60 12 65
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 6 82% 6 82% 8 80 6 82%
May 7 05 7 07% 7 05 7 0Q
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January ."6 <2% 6 45 fl 40 6 42^
May 6 65 6 70 6 62% 6 67%
Cash drain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 13. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, slow. No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 06&1 14; No. 3, $1 02@l 12; No. 2 red,
$1 1O%!»1 13% ; No. 2 corn. 45%@46c; No. 2 yel
low, 4G%@46%c; No. 2 oats, 30%Q30%c; No.
2 'white, 30%@3H4c; No. 3. white, 29$ic; No.
% rye. 76c; good feeding barley, 3D@40%c;
fair to choice malting, 41@4Sc; No. 1 flax
eeed $1 16; No. 1 northwestern, $1 24; prime
timothy seed, $2 70; mess pork, per bbl.,
$11 12%@11 25; lard, per 100 lbs., $7 60@
7 02%; short ribs sides (loose), $6 25® 6 50;
ehort clear sides (boxed), 6%@0%o; '.whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 24; clover, contract
grade. 512 50.
Articles. ' Receipts. Shipments.'
Flour, bbls 82,600 24,200
Wheat, bu 125,900 35,800
Corn, bu 1.012,600 760,000
OatB. bu 199,000 .157,900
Rye, bu 4,000 1,800
Barley, bu 189,500 14,o00
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Dec. 13. — On the Produce Ex
chance to-day, the butter market was quiet;
creameries. 16# 26c; -dairies, 15622c. Eggs —
Kasy at mark, 20@24c. Cheese, ll@12c
CATTIjE, SHEEP' AND HOGS.
. Chicago. \
CHICAGO, Dec. 13. — CATTLE — Receipts,
SOCO; market steady. Good to prime steers,
$U&7 CO; poor to medium, $3 60@5 SO; stqekers
and feeders, $2 20^)4; cows, $1 40@4; heifers,
$2^5; canners. $1 35ig2 40; . bulls, $2(^4 10;
calves, $3 50t&« 75; Western steers, $3 4035 20.
> HOGS — Receipts. 20,000;- to-morrow, 35,000.
Market sttady. Mixed and . butchers, $4 40@
4 UOr good to heavy choice, $4 50m 62%;
rough heavy, $4 30<@4 40: light, $t 35@4 52%;
bulk of sales, $4 45@4 55.
-SHEEP — Receipts, 20,000;. market strong;
.lambs tlrm. Good to choice wethers, $4 60@
6 60; fair to choice mixed, $3 SOig 1 -* 70; West
ern sheep. $3 75 l fi<5; native lambs, $5@6 85;
Western lambs. $5 50#6 75.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 13.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts 12,000; market strong. Native steers,
$3 50a« 50; native cows and heifers. $1 75®
5 li); stackers and feeders, $2 50^4 15; bulls,
$2®4; calves, $3@-6 25: Western steers, $3@5;
Western cows, $1 75@3 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 12.000; market steady. Bulk
of sales, $4 35®4 00; heavy, $4 60@4 67%;
packers. $4 45g4 CO; pigs and lights, $3 90®
4 60.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000; strong to 10c higher.
Muttons, $4 f/5: lambs,- $4 50frrt 25; range
wethers, $4@4 75; ewes, $2 50@4 25. v-^^
Omaha. -
OMAHA, Dec. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4300;
10c lower. Native steers, $3 2&S>6 25; cows
and heifers, $2 60@*5; Western steers, $2 90@
4 75; Texas steers, $2 75(g'3 75; range cows and
htiffirs, $2 40<f?3 50; canners, $1 75@2 35;
stockers and feeders, $2 60!g4; calves, $3®5 50;
bulls, $2@:4.
HOGS — Receipts, 6000; steady. Heavy. $4 40
<g4 45; mixed. $4 40©>4 45; light, $4 45@4 50;
pigs. $4(04 40; bulk of sales, $4 40@4 45.
SHEEP — Receipts. 9000; steady. Western
yearlings. $4 UOfe-5 10; wethers, $4 40@4 80;
ewes, $4@4 60; common and stockers, $2 50@
4 40; lambs. $5<g6 25.
SnSCELLAXEOUS »IARKETS,
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat—' Dec. March. May.
Opening Nom. 7 3% 7 8%
Closing 7 8% 7 3%
PARIS.
Wheat — ■ I>ec. Mar. -June.
Opening 23 80 25 00
Closing 23 75 25 00
Flour —
Opening 31 30 32 50
Closing 31 35 32 65
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Dee. 13.— Business is light in the
wool market, but prices are varying. Terri
tory wools are quiet.
QUOTATIONS.
Idaho— Fine. 18%<319o; heavy fine, 16@17c;
fine-medium. 18%®19c; medium, 22@23c; low
medium. 23#24e.
Wyoming— Fine, 17%@18%c; fine-medium,
17%®18%c. SMBM] - -rr" ■
Utah and Nevada— Fine. 17@18c; heavy fine,
15@16c; fine-medium, 17%©18c; medium, 22©
23c: low-medium. 23®24c.
Montana— Fine, 21@22c; line average, 19®
20c; fine-medium choice, 21@22c; average, 1U
®20c.- ■ ' ■ " - . ;;vA'-\?f ; -o;'"
St. Louis Wool »Iarket.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 13.— WOOL— Steady. Med
ium grades, clothing and combing, 32@29e;
light flne, 18@22%c; heavy fine, 14@18c; tub
washed, 2e@31c. • ■ ■ ■
Northern '-.Wheat -Market.
. OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 13.— Wheat for export:
Walla Walla, 80c; blue stem, 85c For East:
Walla Wa!la, 85c; blue stem. 90c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOJ1A, Deo. 13.— Wheat unchanged. Blue
stem, 88c; club, 85c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Dec. r 13.-knearings, $1,103,733;
balances. $196,399.
TACOMA. Dec. 13.— CTeanngs, $533,»77; bal
ances, $28,900.
PORTLAND, Dec 13.— Clearings. $557,010;
balances, $42,603. .
SPOKANE. ~ Dec 18.— Clearings, $787,163;
balances. $42,842.
LOCAIj >IAKKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver and Sterling Exchange are. higher.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of $1,803,
366 consisting of $7855 in Mexican dollars and
$98,500 in : silver bullion . for Hongkong and
$1,022,236 In gold coin and $674,755 in gold
bullion for Kobe.
■V-. LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 84%@ —
Sterling;* Exchange, sight. ."..... 4 87%@ — ;
Sterling ; Exchange, cables;. . ; . . 4 8SH<8> —
New ■ York ; Exchange, sight. ..." Par @ «
N. Y. Exchange, telegraphic... 02%@
Silver, per . ounce -V.r.^ Z'..t:. ".^7> : : 60% @ ' —
Mexican. Dollars ............... .48%® 49
INTERNATIONAL. -
New York on Paris. .:....... ;..v.5.15%
New' York on Mexico..... ; ..204
Paris on London .: r . v . .~ .v jvrrrrrrrrr. 25 . 15 %
Berlin 1 on London.... ....... . ... ...... .20.37»4
;, v \\Tieat and "Other Grains. ."
- WHEAT FREIGHTS-^Spot rates /remain
nominal,*': with ? charters ■■: few •• and -j. far '^ between
at 17s ; Od. usual • European options. *; The ■ char-
tered Wheat fleet in port has a registered ton
nage, of . 13.9C0. against 20,000 tono on the
same date last year; disengaged. 53,000 tons,
against 94,000; on the way to this port,
176.7C0 tons, against 198,600.
WHEAT — Yesterday was a quiet day. both
here and in other markets and variations were
slight. . The Argentine crisis being considered
past, there is no longer anything hanging over
the market. In this market trade is expected
to "be dull until' after, the turn of the year. •
S CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45@1 52H; California
White Australian, $1 C0@l 62^: Northern
Club.- $1 5O@l 52%. with none offering; North
ern Bluestenv $1 60@l 62%; Northern Red.
$1 47% per ctl. vVv T 3 -'';
• FUTURES.
Session -9 to 11 :30 a. m. •". '.;
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ...$144 $144 $143% $143%
December — No sales.
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 43% bid, $1 44% asked.
BARLEY — The market continues quiet and
without feature, the demand for cash Feed
being normal for this time of the year.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $10S%@l 12%; Brewing and Shipping.
$1 15@1 17%; Chevalier. $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
::;,--. \y, futures.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High." Low. Close.
May .... $1,08% $108% $108% $108%
December— No sales ;,$! 10% bid. $1 11% asked.
2 p. m. Session. . '
May— $1 08% bid. $1 03% .asked.
December — $11114. '..'
OATS— All quotations remain as before.
Dealers continue to report a good demand for
seed, with not much inquiry on local mill and
feed account.
White. $1 42%©1 57%; Surprise ' $1 55®1 $0;
Red for feed. $1 32%@1 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22%@1 30 for No. 2; extra fine, for seed.
$1 42%@1 CO-- Black, $1 3001 35 formfeed and
$1 45® 1 C2% for seed.
CORN — Receipts from State sources are
slowly - Increasing, and as , Chicago continues
to otter freely on thia market th» feeling is
more or less weak. Tha market is quiet and
will doubtless continue so until after the turn
of the year.
Western sacked, $1 40@l 45 for Yellow,
Whit* and Mixed; California large Yellow,
$1 40@l 45: small round do, $1 65®X 80; White.
91 40@l 45; Egyptian $1 30® 1 40 for White
and $1 17%®1 20 for Brown.
RYB— Quiet, with light offerings and an
equally light demand at $1 40^1 45 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 50@l 75 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Business in farinaceous goods is quiet. 'as
usual at the close of the year. There Is the
average demand for Flour. All quotations
stand as before.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual terras; Bakers' Extras. $4 70®8;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are aa
follows: Graham Flour. $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $2 60: extra cream do. $3 CO:
Oat Meal. $4; Oat. Groats, $4 25; Hominy.
$3 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats bbls. $6 75®7 50; In
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,.
boxes, $5 60; Green Peas, $5 50 per 10O lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Hay receivers continue to quote a weak and
unsatisfactory market, with a downward ten
dency in prices. Bran Is firm, but prices show
BRAN— $20622 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25@28 per ton.
SHORTS-^y20<ff22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24®24 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50;
Jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23@24; Cocoa
nut Meal. $24@25; Corn Meal, $31 50^32;
Cracked Corn. $32@32 50; Mixed Feed. $22®
23; Horse Beans, $30@40 per. ton; -Broom
Corn, Feed. 00c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10@14 60; Wheat and Oat.
$10@13 50; Oat. $9@12; Barley and Oat, $S'8'10;
Volunteer Wild Oat. $7®10; stable, J^fflO;
stock. $5 50@7; Clover. $7<glO; Alfalfa, $«@12
per ton. '
STRAW — 35@60o per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Eeans continue dull. The quotations below
represent fair to choice, as damp and stained
lots, which range all the way down to lc per
lb. are not quoted. Most of the dry Beans
have now pa«sed out of first hands, as men
tioned some little time ago. There Is nothing
new In Seeds.
BEANS — Bayos $2 50S3; Pea. - $3©3 50;
Butter, $3@3 25; >mali White, »3«-3 S5;
large White. $2 40@2 00; Pink. $2 75@3 50;
Red. $4 25@4 50; Lima, $4 10@4 20; Red Kid
neys, $3 5004; Blackeyee, $2 50 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 85@2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal — no good
lots offering; Yellow Mustard 3Vi®3%c; Flax,
$262 75; Canary. ,-6%c; ... AUaJlfa.- 12%@13c;
Rape. I%(g2%c: Timothy. 5%L<;* Hemp, 3%<§>,
3%c per Ib; Millet. 2%©3%c; Broom Corn
Seed; . $20@21 per , ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75<@2 50; Green
«Peas, $l/"5@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, . Onions and Vegetables.
All potato handlers report a steady feeling
in the upper grades of Burbanks, a good de
mand being noted from points within the
State. ' There is no movement to speak of In
poor stock and low grade offerings from the
river districts are steadily accumulating. River
Reds are in the market and, are selling
at $1 10(81 20 per cental. Onions rule firm
under HmKed supplies and a steady demand
for locar use and chipping account.
There was a general advance in prices of
garden vegetables, receipts from the south be
ing light, as usual on Tuesday. Old and trashy
offerings of Green Peppers are about cleaned
up and fresh arrivals are doing better.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river 40@
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $l"10@l 42% per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks 75c@$l 10 per ctl; River
Reda, 60@70c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. 60g85c
per ctl.
ONIONS— $2 40^2 65 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 4®5c per lb;
String Beans. 5®7e per lb; Wax Beans, 6SSc;
Lima Beans. 8c per lb; Tomatoes. 75c®? 1 per
box; Summer Squash, 75d£]$l per box; Cab-,
bage. 60c per ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack; Gar
lic, 4%@5c per lb; Egg Plant. 6@7c per lb for
southern; Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Pep
pers. 5C@75c per box; Mushrooms, 20(3'50c per
lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, fSglO per
ton. ' -
Poultry and Game.
Another car of Western Poultry arrived,
making the third for the week, and a fourth
car was reported close at hand and scheduled
for to-day's market. The market was quiet
and unsettled, but dealers were of .the opinion
that the market would Improve before many
days. Five cases of dressed Turkeys were re
ceived, and aa there was very little inquiry,
prices declined. Game was in heavy receipt
and sold rather slowly at 'previous prices.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 21@23c per
lb- Live Turkeys, 18@20c per lb; Geese per
pair $2@2 25; Goslings, $2 251*2 50; Ducks,
$5@5 50 per dozen for old and $C@6 50 for
young; Hens,: $4@4 50 for small and $3@5 50
for large; young Roosters. $5^5 50; old Roos
ters, iWi 60: Fryers. $4@4 50; Broilers $2 60
$3 50; Pigeons $1 25; Squabs. $2@2 50.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $2®2 60 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3; Teal, $1@1 25; Sprig, $1 50<fl
1 75; Widgeon. $l@l 25; Red Heads. $1 60?
small Ducks $1@1 25; Gray Geese, $2@2 50;
White Geese, $1@>1 50; Brant $1©2; Honk
ers $3@5; Snipe, $3 for English and $1 60 for
common; Doves, $1 25; Hare. $1 50; Rabbits,
$2 for Cottontails and $1 50 fw Brush.
Butter, Cheese and
The Butter market rules very n*3>, as fine
creameries , are closely cleaned up . vvlng to
the non- arrival of the . Humboldt a*eamers.
The Corona and Pomona are both barbound at
Humboldt Bay. the former being unable to
get out and the latter unable to get In. As
a result, some dealers are taking advantage
of the situation and exacting . a cent over the
top quotation. •.
Cheese remains as before, the supply about
balancing .the demand. .
Eggs rule firm at the : improved -'quotations
noted ; yesterday, receipts and stocks of ranch
being. light. The medium grades continue to
move off well. ' A sale of store Eggs at 27%c
was reported yesterday.
Receipts were 88, 700 lbs Butter, 460 cases
Eggs and 4000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 23c
for extras and 19@22c for lower to medium
grades: dairy. 17@19c: cold-storage, nominal;
store Butter. 10@14c; -Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed. 15@16c.
-CHEESE — 11®1H4c for choice mjld new and
9@10c for old; cold storage. 10%@llc; Young
Americas. 12@12%c; Eastern. 10@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 36@4Oc for good to fancy and
°S<S35c for common : \t< cold storage, 23@30c ;
Eastern. 25®2Sc for choice. 22®24c for stand
ards and 19@'21o for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Fresh fruits moved a little more freely, ow
ing to the clear weather.- but • trade generally
was of small volume 'fend with the exception
of Apples, which continued steady, all descrip
tions ruled- weak at about previous prices. The
lower grades of Apples aro closely cleaned up
and fancy offerings are. meeting with a bet
ter demand than for some little . w^ille back.
There were a few odd lots of Grapes received
and some fancy lota brought $1 per crate,' but
most of ■. the ; offerings • were poor quality, and
practically - unsalable. » Prices of Strawberries
had , a wide range, ■. a large • portion of the of
ferings ' being poor and unattractive. Thirteen
chests came , in and the best* Malindas brought
$7 and good Longwortha $10 per. chest. There
was very little doing • in Citrus . or . Tropical
fruits. *'.■■■'-■
STRAWBERRIES— $2@10 per chest.
. CRANBERRIES— $9@11 per bbl for East
ern and $2 75@3 per boxfor. Coos Bay.-. < ■;-'
APPLES— 90c©$l 25 per box for fancy and
50® 85c. • f or j- common ■ to -choice; 'Lady Apples.
$1 75#2 25 per box. .
: ' PEARS— Winter Nellls, ' $1 60@l 75 per box;
cooking - varieties, ; 50c®$l' per box.
PERSIMMONS — 50®65c per box.
GRAPES— Nominal
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, Navels,' $1@2 per
box; ''- Seedlings.' 75c$$l ; ■: - Tangerines. 75c for
small ; and $1 for ..large - boxes; ' Japanese
Mandarins, $1@1 25 per box: Lemons. $2 5082 75
for fancy. ■ $1 75<32 25 • for choice - and $J@1 50
for 'standards; .Grape Fruit. $1 75#2 50; Mexl-
can Limes, $4 per cafe; Bananas. $283 per
bunch for Central American and >1©2 for Ha
waiian; 'Pineapples, $1 5C@3 per dozen. "
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins. Iloney.
The market for all descriptions continues
dull and featureless at unchanged quotations.
FRUITS — Apricots, 8@llc : for Royals and
10@12Vic for.Moorparks; Nectarines, OH©" 1^ 0
for'White and 6%©7c for Red; Peaches. 7*i<@
8%c per lb; Pears 7@12c; Plums, pitted, e©
6%c for blacks. 7%(@s%c for red and 7®S%c
for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks. 50c; 3-crown,
55c; 4-crown. 60c:- 6-crown. 65c: bulk white*
,2?i@3c: black. 2%®3%c; Evaporated Apples,
/4%©6%c per lb. *T •
PRUNES— 19s@l»4c per lb for the four sixes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1004 crop f. o. »b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. $2 25<02 50; Dehesa. $1 SO®
1 35; London Layers. &5c@$l; Loose Muscatels.
4-crown, 5@5Vic: 3-crown. 4%c; 2-crown. 30
8%c; Seeded; 4%@(!c; Thompson's Seedless,
4U@4%c; Seedless Sultanas, 3@5c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell 12@l3c; No.
2. 10@llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c:
1 Almond*. 1G5217C for Nonpareils 14@14%c for
I X L. 13%ei4%c for Ne Plus "Ultra and lie
; for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans, UftUIc; Cocoanuts $4 50©3; Chestnuts,
Sit» Der lb for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. 11%<@13c for white and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted, O'jftCc;
light amber extracted. 5@5%c; dark. 3@4%c.
1 BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
ProTislons.
Stocks /of cured Meats and* barreled good*
are ample for the demand, which is quiet,
and prices remain •« before.
CURED t MEATS— Bacon. lOHe per lb for
heavy. lff%c for light medium 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured;,
dry Salt Hides. 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams. 12 to 14 lbs. 12%c: 15 to
IB lbs. 1?.* 17 to 20 lbs. ll%cr California
Hams. ll\c; Mess Beef. $10010 50 per bbl;
extra Mess $10 MS 11; Family. $12312 50;
prime Mess Pork $14 50; extra clear. $22;
Mess. $16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%o per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9a for pure; balf-barrels. pure, 9%c; 10
lb tins. »%c; 6-lb tins. 0%c; 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE— Oce half barrel.- 8%c: three
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8Uc; five tierces, 8%o per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hops, though somewhat lower again, are
more active, a* the decline has stimulated
business. There is also more doing in 1903
contracts at the quotations below. Most grow
ers are holding back for 20c for this business,
but buyers are not wlllinr to pay it. The"lrad»
report that owing to the early rains, fine
weather and high .prices this fall there will
be an immense Increase in the acreage during
the coming year.
Wool Is reported nominal, as the market is
practlcaily cleaned out of stock, and there will
be little more doing until the new clip cornea
forward in the spring. This has been an ex
cellent season for the wool-grower.
Hides' continue firm and in excellent de
mand, with -arrivals kept closely cleaned up.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@le under quotations. Heavy salted
Steer*, lie; medium, 10c; light, »%@10c: Cow
Hides. 9%®10c for heavy and 9%©10c for
light; Stags 7@7%c; Salted Kip. 10%c; Salted
Veal. ll@li%c; Salted Calf 11%@12%c; dry
Hides. 17%@18c; dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, 25j2H0c each; short
Wool, 5O@75c each; medlurt, 00c@$l 10; long
Wool. $1 25@1 75; Horse Hides, salt. $3 for
largo and $2 50 for medium. $1 JO'S'-" for small
and 00c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large and $1 50 for medium, $1 for small, 50c
for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c: dry
salted Mexican, 25c; .dry Central American.
30c;. Goat Skins — Prime Angora*. 75c; extra.
large do $1 25; large. 60c; medium. 35c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%o per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; Grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin and South
ern, 91$llc; Southern", 8@0c; Southern Moun
tain. 9® lie; Middle Counties, free, 12® 14c,
do defective. 10®12c; Northern free. 12iS14c.
do defective. 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo.
cino. 16@18c ijer lb.
HOPS — 1904 crop 26®28c per lb: 1905 crop,
17%'ffl8c.
Meat Market.
The local packers and butchers are reporting
a light demand for all sorts of Meats, and as
supplies are ample prices remain as before
quoted.
DRESSED MEATS
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF — 6<g7c for Steers and 4%g6c per lb
for Cows.
*VEAL— Large. 6%©9c: small. 8g9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 76Sc; Ewes. 6h©7%c
per lb.
LAMB— 8%©9%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%©S%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in Sah Francisco, less AO9
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
"CATTLE — Steers. 7Vi©7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%©6%c: thin Cows 4S5c per lb.
. .CALVES — lJ?4Vic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%®3?ic; Ewes. 3@3&c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50@2 75 per head. .
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 to 250 lbs. 4ai©4T >C ;
130 to 200 lbs, 5«5%c; 80 to 13© lbs. 4%®4*ic;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows. 20 per cent off:
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations. v .
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 6%<S3%c spot and 6@
6%c for next year; Wool Bags, 30@32c; Fleecs
Twine. 7%c
CANNED FRUITS— Following are prices loi
the 1904 pack:
M H 2 ?
- p * '. .
Apples $1 55 $1 30 $1 20 $1 10
Apricots 1 25 1 15 1 05
Blackberries 160 135 125 lift
Cherries, Royal Anne... 2 10 1 80 1 65 ...
Do White 2 00 165 160.....
Do Black «.... 1 80 1 65 1 60
Grapes. Muscat 1 25 1 10 1 00 90
Nectarines 1 50 1 23 1 15 1 05
Peaches. Yellow 1 75 1 S5 1 25 1 15
Pears. Bartlett 190 160 160 130
Plums, Green Gage .... IDS 1 10 1 00 90
Do Damson 1 40 1 15 1 00 1 00
Raspberries 260 2 25 200 190
Strawberries 2 00 175 1 eo 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes 2%-lb.
-standards. 65@70c; gallon standards. $2; 3-lb,
solid pack, S7%@90c; Green Peas — Petlts pols,
$1 35; extra sifted, $1 15; standard «lfted, $1;
standards. 85®90c: Marrowfats 85@37%c f.
o. b. San Francisco.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; New W«l
lington, $8: Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $3 60: Roslyn. $7: Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $8; Cumberland. $13 in bulk
and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh
Lump, $11 50: Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke, $11 50
ft: 1.1 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, $8 50 per short ton.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles. per lb.
4%c; cases, regular. $5 55: cases, extra large,
. 6%c; Eastern stylfc. 6%c; boneless. 6V4c:
' "Norway." 6Kc; "Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Sil
ver King." 7%c; blocks. "Oriental." «%c;
blocks. "Seabright," 7c; tablets. 7V«c; mid
dles. 7@9V4c; fancy boneless, 9Vi©9%c; pickled
Cod. bbls. $8; pickled Cod, half bbls. $4 75.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes aa
follows, 60 days or % per cent (discount for
cash, no sales under 10.000 lbs: Manila, 15c;
Sisal, 10%c; Duplex. 9%c; Bale Rope, 11%9
12Vic per lb.
COFFEE— Costa Rica (nominal), stock C03
bags — 13Q14c for strictly prime to fancy
washed; 11%®12%O for prime washed; 10vW
lie for good washed: ll@12c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 10®llc for good to prime
peaberry; 10011c for good to prime; 8%@9%o
for fair; 6%{?Sc for common to ordinary.
Salvador, stock 335S bags — 12@13c for fancy
washed, nominal;' ll@ll%c for strictly prime
washed nominal; 10@10%c for good to prime
washed; 9@9%c for fair washed; lO^llc foi
fair to prime washed peaberry; »%©10e foi
good to. prime >eml- washed; 9V>®9%c for su
perior unwashed, nominal; 9c for good gresn
unwashed, nominal; 9%@10c for good to su
perior unwashed peaberry; 6V«@Sc for Inferior
to ordinarv.
Nicaragua ! (nominal), stock 340 bags — ll<cj
13c for prime to fancy washed; 9V«@10%o for
fair, to strictly good washed; 8%@9V«e for
good to superior unwashed; 9%Q10c for good
to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala (stock 14,502 bags) and Mexican
(stocK 962 bags) — Ml? 14c for fancy - washed,
nominal;. 11®12%c for prime to strictly prime
washed, nominal; 10ViH10%c for-«trlctly good
washed: 10@10'/iC for good washed; 8^(09^0
for fair washed; 8®8%c for medium; 6@7%o
for Inferior to ordinary; 10Vi<eilHc for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9V4«10c for good
to prime 'unwashed peaberry: 8@9%c for good
to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Is still r firm and active. Sole
heavy. 29fi31c; extra heavy. 31iQ33c per lb
medlum, 28830c; light. 27029c ; Rough Leath
er, 28®30c; Harness Leather, heavy. 35©S7o
for No. 1 and 32934c for No. 2; medium, 30«
37c; light. 29®35c; skirting. No. 1. 40®42c
No. 2. 36®38c; Collar Leather. 15@16c per foot:
Leather, 40@44c; Kip.- unfinished. 40<?J
50c per lb: Veal, finished. 50®60c per lb: Calf
finished, 65c@$l per lb; Wax Sides, 16@17c pec
foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14Q16c; Rough Splits
1 8@10c per lb. - •
TANBARK — Ground. $25©2S per ton; stick
$10 50*918 per cord...
OILS — Quotations are for barrels-" for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
63c for raw; Castor, Oil. In cases. No. 1.- 70s:
Bakers' AA; cases. $1 10@l 12: Luco'l,
5Cc . for- boiled . and 48c for raw;
China Nut., cases, 65£80c per gallon; Cocoanut
Oil, in barrels, 68c -. for Ceylon and 55c for
Australian; ■ extra bleached • winter Sperm Oil
68c; : natural winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whale
Oil. 62c; extra winter strained Lard OU 75c-
No. ' 1 • Lard Oil. '. 65c ; pure Neatsf oot On' ' 73a ;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. ■. 63c: light Herring Oil.
42c;' dark Herring Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil. 34e:
boiled Fish Oil. i 37c; raw; Fish Oil 35c- boiled
Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
" COAL ■ OIL — Water ' White Coal Ol J I n bulk.
13c;' Pearl; Oil.' in case*. * 19 "4c;, Astral 19%c;
Star. 19%c;. Extra Star, 22%c; EJalrie. 2«c;
AUCTION SALES
fe 50 — 50 fe
AUCTION SALE
- — OF
50 HEAD OF HORSES
Wetshiae frcra 1100 to 140O. '
BROKEN AND HALTER BROKEN.
j These horses are yor.nz, blecky built and
suitable for »11 purposes. .
j From FRANK ADAMS' RANCH. MER-
RILL, OREGON.
Sale Takes Place THURSDAY EVENING, *
DEC. 13. 1904. at 7:15.
At Balesyard. 1732 MARKET ST.
Horses at yard Tuesday. Send for catalogs*.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Killip & Co..
Livestock Auctioneer*.
FOR SALE.
BY ORDER OF COURT AT PRIVATE SALS.
STABLE BUSINESS IX SAN FRANCISCO.
Green Valley Stable, 833 Mission St.
Property of Estate of James Hunt, deceased.
Including good will, horses, carriages, harness,
etc. ' About five years' lease on favorable
terms. One cf : the largest and best paying
properties in the stable business in San Fran-
cisco. Must be sold at once to close estate.
Bids must be In writins and may be mailed
I to or left with the undersigned attorney for
! estate. Bids will be opened Dec. 20. 1904.
Property now subject to Inspection on prem-
ises. For further particulars write to' th«
undersigned. . J. J. DWYEH.
y Attorney for Administratrix of Estate of
James Hurst, deceased. Mills Bulldinr. Saa
Francisco-
■fea £r> fe
AUCTION SALE
On WEDNESDAY, December 14, at II a.m.
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH at.
By order of the Overland Freight and Trans-
fer Company I will sell a lot of condemned .
borses and mares; all good workers and weigh
from 1300 to 1C00 pounds; also 12 mules, young
and sound; also 7 first-class saddle and driv-
ing horses from on« of the largest ridlac
academies hi the city; horses can be sees at
our stables any time before sale day.
;--."••• JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
TO ADVEKTISEBS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be .accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M. .
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
Eocene. 21 tjc: Deodorized Btove Gasoline, ia
bulk. 16c; in cases, 224c; Benzine in bulk,
13c: In ca?e«. lSi^c; Ho-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 25c; In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 73c per gallon in cases aad
69c in drums ami Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, t^tt
1\c per lb; White Lead, 7!4®"%c. according
to quantity. >
QUICKSILVER— $40^41 50 for local use and
$38 | S;f> eer flask for export.
SALT — Bales, ftOc for common and $1 for
granulated: Dairy, $5 60 per ton; Granulated.
*t>*i6 5o; Half Ground. 10O-lb bags. J3 25; do.
r.n-ib bags. $1 73; Rock Salt. $2 75-5x3 In 100
ami $3 25 in -50-lb bacs; . Genuine- Liverpool.
Sll W>. $12 50 and $13 6O per ton in- package*
of 224. 110 and 50 lbs. respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Ueflnln* Cora
pany quotes as fallows per lb In 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.23c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, . fine. Cc: Dry Granulated, coarse,
«5c: Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.00c; Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A. O.ROc; Extra C, 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c; "D." 5.30c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 5Oc more: 5O-lh bans.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c: II. & E. Crystal Domino*,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes, $18919; ex
tra size* higher: Redwood. $19*gC3: Lath. 4
fe«t, $3 75©4; Pickets, $17©25: Shingles, $2
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes Hi for
split and $15 for sawn; .Rustic. $33339.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER 13.
Flour qrsks... 11.545'Feed, sks 10
Wheat, ctls.... 14.859' Hay. ton* 813
Barley ctls.... £.315!Wool. bales 20
Oats ctls 4C3' Leather, rolls... 138
Corn' ctls 1.207IHldes. No 4t«
Rye.' ctls 6.'>jPe!ts. bdls 830
Tallow, ctls.... 495! Lime, bbls S«4
Potatoes, sks... 4.«97|Paper, reams.... 635
Onions, ska 4«7i Brandy, gals.... S.25O
Bran sks 2,400] Wine, gals 82,930
Middlings, sks.. l.«20l Rroomcorn. bills. 80
Beans sks...... 43ttRa!slns. boxes. .. 1 1.800
Screenings, sks. 295' Quicksilver, fllu. f $7
Shorts, sks 200!
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.:. 11.3C8|Bran, sks 492
Oats, ctls 4.23Oi Flaxseed. sks... 1.433
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 6001
STOCK 3IARKET.
Xo Xcw Features on Any of the Local
Exchanges.
Business continued quiet oa the Bond Ex
change, and aside from a slight decline la
Hutchinson Sugar to $14 87% there was noth
ing new.
The oil stocks were only moderately dealt
In. The mining shares were about as before,
except Ophir, which sold up to $3 85.
Late assessments are: Troptco Water Co..
£0c delinquent January 5; American Oil A
Reflnlnc Company, 6c. December 19; Liberty
Milt Race Company, $10, January T. \
The Parrot Mining Company, a majority of
whose shares is owned by the Amalgamated
Copper Company, paid a dividend of 50 cents
December 12.
The Atchison. Topeka A Santa F« Railway
Company v has declared a regular semi-annual
dividend of 2% per cent on the preferred
stock, payable Feburary 1.
The American Beet Sugar Company has de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of 1% per
cent on the preferred stock, payable Jan
uary 3.
The. California Title Insurance and Trust
Company haa declared the regular quarterly
dividend (No. 28). at the rate of « per cent
per annum, payablo January 3.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Dec. 13— 2 p. in.
I TWITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 106%106<^ 14s qr cp new.131 131 vi
4s qr reg...lO5S,lC5H!3s qr coup. . .1O4V41O4H
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Ala A W 5s — — IO T Co 6s.. .120 —
Assctd Oil 5s 84 88 Do 3* 113 —
Bay CPC 5b — 102 Do con 5s.lO3%105
Cal C O 5a. — . 103 Oceanic S 5s. — 73
Cal G E & g Ojn Cable 6s. — 124
m & ct 5s. 84% — Pac G Im 4s. — —
Cal-st C 5B..114 — P E Ry 5s.. — 108"4
C C Wat 3s. — W P & C H 69. 10* —
Ed LAP 6s. — 120 IP & O R fa. — —
F & C II Gs.115% — IPowoll-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s. — 83 (Sac EG&R 3».10O% —
H CAS 5%s.lO5 — |S>F & SJV 89.119%119-H
Do 5s lPOVitOl Sierra R 8s.. — —
Hon R T Bs.106% — S PofAte
L A Elec 6«.104 — <1!>C9) lf»ti —
L A Ry 5s..lW t 117 I (1910), HOVi —
L A L Co 6s. — — IS P of C 6s
Do Etd 6s. — — ! (1905)Sr A. 101 1«H
Continued on Page Fourteen.
'. ADVEKTlSEaTENTS.
\$AN F8AMClSt(L |"ig> fi)
n^ 1 6ll?Ia- Wjx/f raANcixo, calj
t/> COMMO/tiy CALLED ., C
YTIiB BIG BOARjy p
£ @@l® F/ELD °l
I JW/nrtG J70CX LISTED " **k
> COM.&t. <*J2*>- J
/ ust or AtrMSfJtJ jz/rr to c
1516
manship, honest " 2^*^ SvIr RE S'| l ] s <£??
, -v -. ' lNlgTlt
MAN SlfrSldMARRETST-HONTCOMEBY Tiri °
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of "work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
BUSINESS MEN
TO CO-OPERATE
The desirability of having a Pacific
Coast man app<iinted by President
Roosevelt as a member of the Inter
state Commerce Commission led to' the
adoption of a. resolution yesterday by
the California State Board of Trade, in
which the commercial organizations of
Ban Francisco were requested to ap
point a committee In conjunction with
the State Board of Trade, to take
proper action.
W. H. Mills suggested that the com
mittee ought not to Indorse any partic
ular person for the commisslonership
and this idea was adopted by the board.
Mr. Mills Bald that he had been in
formed that President Roosevelt fa
vors representation for this coast in the
commission.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
S. LARGEST CUT-RATE /
jPORUG STORE IN THE CITY y
There is a reason for these bargains : A certain
manufacturer needed ready cash. His goods were first-
class and we bought them at a discount of 40 per cent
below the regular wholesale price. We are wiLing to
share this advantage with you. This is an opportunity
you cannot afford to ijmore.
To2et' In *lanrinum, either plain, fancy or figured. / Also'
) In celluloid, stag horn and ebonized. ," Excellent
■ SetS qualities and will make beautiful gifts! . ' ,
\ $ 1 .50, $2.00, $2.50, $3.00, $3.50, $4 00
°* u^y In pink and white, plain white, plain pink, blue and
lOl.et red ce n u ioid. Exceptional values. Gradually ad-
SetS vancing in price from 75c up.
p_. Package and balk goods. All odors of the most pop-
. ular makes. A dainty bottle of perfume makes a
lumes handsome Christmas remembrance. 50c t*O $2. 50
What better can you suggest for a Christmas gift
lOiiei t j iaa a b ox o f daintily perfumed toilet soap? All
SOTTS kinds of the choicest ; soaps of domestic and foreign
\ manufacture! From : 25c a bOX tip. ■■, ■'■ \" w .. .
! A beautiful Bisque Image given free with each pur-
chase of any of the above articles amounting to 50c or. over.
3 38AN04O THIRD STREET C
£ Open All Nidht Phong Bugh 51 jfo
A number of responses from com
mercial bodies in the interior of the
State came to the board relating to re
ceding the Tosemite to the United
States. They were all favorable with
the exception of one from Los Gatos.
President N. P. Chipman was author
ized to appoint a committee on legisla
tion In connection with the Yosemlte
matter.
The board adopted a resolution fa
voring the deepening of the channel to
Oakland harbor from the deep water
in the Bay of San Francisco to give
Oakland harbor twenty-five feet of wa
ter, and also to remove the bar from
the end of the harbor.
L. M. Fletcher, the retiring secretary
of the board, went out of office with
flattering manifestations of apprecia
tion of his services. Director S. F.
Booth moved, and the board so voted,
to accept the resignation and, for good
service, to compliment Fletcher by
making him an honorary member of
the board. Manager A. R. Briggs. Di
rector W. H. Mills, President Chipman
and other members of the board spoke
of Fletcher's good work. A committee
will notify Fletcher formally of the es
teem of the board. Fletcher retires to
engage in business for himself. The
duties of secretary and manager of the
board, by resolution, were conferred
upon Arthur R. Briggs.
Ladles suffering from nervous afflictions find
quick relief In Parker's Ginger Tonic.
Parker's Hair Balram aids the Ijalr growth.*
German Ijecture.
The second of the course of Ger
man lectures by Dr. Julius Goebel on
"Der Neue Lyrlk" will be given In
Century Hall, Sutter street, to-morrow
night.
Expel harmlessly, through the natural
channels, all impuriti«» from the system
(or circulation) with Lash's Bitters. •
OPIUM DEJf RAIDED.— An opium den on
Mission street; near Eighth, was' raided yes
terday morning:. Joseph Roes, aged 22 years;
Abe Williams, aged 21 years, and Hazel How
ard, aged 21 years, were arrested.
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14. 1904.
ELUDE GUARDS
AND GET AWAY
Ten military prisoners made their
escape from the stockade at the Rodeo
rifle range on Monday night. It was
a daring act, well planned, and suc
cessfully carried out.
The prisoners who made the bold
dash for liberty are: Donald Thome,
Clyde Smith, Thomas Mills, Richard
Wells, Claude Paumapeer, George L.
Perry. O. F. Smith; Charles Stuart,
Sam Stevens and William Clark.
At the time of the escape the prison
ers were guarded by men of the Thir
teenth and Tenth Infantry. The night
was very dark and a dense fog was
over the valley. The stockade In which
they were confined consists of a large
inclosure surrounded by a double fence
of barbed wire, fifteen feet high. This
was cut through with some sort of an
instrurhent.
Rodeo rifle range is sltuate&Jn a val
ley about two miles back of Fort Bak
er and a short distance from Bolinas
Bay. The range was constructed early
this year under the supervision of
Lieutenant W. H. Patterson, Twenty
eighth Infantry, and has been in con
stant use all summer. This fall it was
decided to make some improvements
on the range proper, and new roads
are in course of construction. To ac
complish this work the Government or
dered that 100 prisoners be sent from
Alcatraz, and Major Alexis R. Paxton,
Thirteenth Infantry, commander of
that post, was told to select the men
for the detail. This he did about
three weeks ago and the prisoners
were sent to the. range. Major Paxton
says the men selected were those that
were in for minor offenses. Since they
have been at Rodeo they have worked
hard. 'No complaints have been made
by them, and in fact they all seemed
to like the place.
The guard sent to watch the prison
ers was composed of Companies C and
G, Thirteenth Infantry, and Company
M, Tenth Infantry. ' in command of
Captain Arthur Johnson, who was
also in- charge of the camp. .Captain
Johnson is at a loss to understand
how the escape was effected. At the
immediate point where the break was
made there happened to be a recruit
on duty, and it is probably due to^a
lack of vigilance on his part that the
men got away. As s&on as the escape
was discovered, a provost guard of
twenty-flve men was sent In pursuit
of the fugitives, but no trace of them
was found and late yesterday afternoon
the provost guard returned to the
camp." . . * . ' . . ■ ; • . : '*.
The usual reward of $30 the man was
at once posted for the capture of the
fugitives,- with $20 allowance, for travel
ing expenses. . . •
. ' Louis Hughes, constable at San. An
selmo station, . says that early yester
day morning he saw three men prow
ling around that station, but" when ,he
called to them . they . ran off into the
woods. He thinks .they were 'some of
the escapes.;- ' :
Conductor Kennedy of the North
Shore, Railroad says that early yester
day morning Just*- as his train was
near Manzanlta, northward bound,
three men 'attempted to' board it, but
he yelled to. them arid they slunk back
into the' woods. - .
Captain Johnson called a board of
inquiry yesterday to find out who is
responsible for ttie escape.
LABORERS UXEARTII BOXES
OF BODY LONG BURIED
Shovels bf Workingmen Turn Up Skel
eton ' in Lo<t<'at Post- 'Street and
■ . ' . Grant Avenue. ;' ;'
.While excavating to lay founda
tions for a new/buildlnsr at Post street
near Grant avenue* a 'gang of laborers,
unearthed.the skull and several bones
of. a body long buried.. ; The' lot where
the discovery ? was**made is owned by
the Crocker estate.
< A building occupied by the, Cente
meri Glove" Company; and Neal's res
taurant formerly occupied . ■' the site.
•The ghastly find '.was reported I to Po
liceman R. 'Connor,, who > notified. the
Coroner's office. " The police no
Importance : to v^ the "discovery,; as the
bones are (* evidently , very '? old!? f The
skeleton was probably, that of a pio
neer, who died in-the early750's—per
haps before. The bones * were 5 nearly
thirty feet : below. i the/ » level y ; of the
streetr Imbedded : In 'a clay.; bank. '. Dr.
Beck of 303 Suttsr , street • pronounced
the'skull that of*'a white , man. i; y -■;-.-
DAVIS. FEARS
AMES' PISTOL
When Thomas Davis left the United
States District Court room yesterday
his way to liberty he was closely
guarded by United States Marshal
Shine and Deputy Dingley until he had
boarded a horse-car for the ferry.
Davis had just been acquitted of the
charge of making a brutal attack upon
Mrs. A. H. Ames in her stateroom on
the steamer Alliance on October 15 of
last year. This was his third trial, the
former juries having disagreed.
* Mrs. Ames is the wife of a farmer re
siding at . Marshfleld, Or. The indig
nant husband "paced the corridor out
side the courtroom during the trial. He
is a determined looking man, and to
prevent him from' 1 assaulting the pris
oner Marshal Shine took Ames into
his office last Monday evening and dis
armed him of a large revolver. At 3:45
p. m. yesterday, when the Jury, after
having been out since noon, reported
In favor of acquitting Davis, Ames was
at the Winchester Hotel obtaining
medical assistance for his wife, who
was on the verge of collapse.
Beads of perspiration stood on Davis"
face as he stepped out of the
Appraiser's building, at the corner of
Sansome and Washington streets and
looked about him, while his guards
stood about twenty feet on each side
of him on the watch for the vengeful
husband. Not more than a half min
ute elapsed before a horse-car bound
for the ferry came along. Davis
stepped quickly upon the front plat
form and heaved a sigh of relief at his
escape.
Christmas Pictures.
In the new art gallery of Sanborn. Vail
& Co., you will find a most beautiful col
lection of moderate priced pictures — oil
paintings, water colors and pastels in
gold frames. Photographs, etchings and
engravings in Flemish oak and carbon
frames. Our prices are as low as any
body's and our assortment is greater
than everybody's. Come and see the gal
lery anyway. Open evenings.' Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
LiETCHER MAY NOT BE
EXTRADITED TO OHIO
Judge Cook Says That Xo Allegation
of Crime Being Committed Is
.Made in Indictment.
George E. Lechter. the San Jose
business man, who is wanted in Ohio
on a charge of arson alleged to have
been committed in 1884, may be dis
charged from custody to-day, by
Judge Cook, although the Governor
has issued a warrant | for his extra
dition. The arguments on the appli
cation for a writ of habeas corpus for
Letcher's discharge from custody were
heard jj on Monday, and Judge Cook
reserved- his decision till yesterday
morning. When the case was called
yesterday morning the Judge said he
had carefully examined the indictment
issued against -, Letcher, but he had
failed to find any allegation of a
crime. having been committed.
"It may be an error," continued the
Judge.' "in making the copy now be
fore me. . Before giving my j decision
I would like to:se"e the copy on which
the Governor issued his warrant, and
I will continue the -matter till to-mor
row morning to give counsel ■ .an op
portunity to get that copy from the
Governor." . ;v*J r-'~7
Christmas Picture Frames.
The prettiest yet are the shapes and
finish of our new frames. Exquisite de
signs in oval, square <and odd shapes,
finished in dead black, grays and browns,
with ; the daintiest gold top ornaments;
also many beautiful patterns in gold/gilt
lacquers and gold bronzes. Sanborn, Vail
&. Co., 741 Market street. ■> *
FREE . FREE
V . WITH .
SUNDAY CALL
■ ' .-.•-. 'SMALL ADS. v
A Box of
.RAMONA
CHOCOLATE CHIPS .
•- :: V;Or,:the;v
- RAMONA DOMINOES.
Free With Every* Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See ; Small ) Ad; Page - for. Further
Particulars.
SLOW TO BRING
ABOUT THE END
Attorneys in Dolbeer Case
Busy in Final Effort to
Strengthen Contentions
MISS WAGNER ON STAND
Incidentally Gives Defini
tion That Enjoins Use
of Term "Society Girl"
The proponents did not close their'
case In the Dolbeer will contest yes- '
terday, as was expected. It is not cer- I
tain they will conclude to-day, for in |
taking the last survey they may de- '
cide to call one or two more witnesses, ,<
whose testimony* would probably hold
the attention of the court till to-mor- i
row. !
The attorneys for the contestant
were unable to say yesterday how
much time they would take for testi
mony in rebuttal. . While the end is
Impending, the lawyers are slow to re
linquish' their open way to the witness
stand.
To expedite matters Judge Coffey re
fuses to hear argument on the more
trivial objections raised by the attor
neys. "I don't want to restrict coun
sel unfairly, but I do want to finish
this trial some time in the present gen
eration." he announced yesterday.
More testimony was offered to prove
the sanity of the testatrix. The most
important witness of the day was Miss
Helen F. Wagner. Other than Miss
Warren, she was Miss Dolbeer's most
intimate friend, and a bequest of $5000
in the will attests this close friend
ship. The witness was in almost dally
company of the testatrix until the day
of Miss Dolbeer's departure for Eu
rope. . The relations between them
were such that confidences were mu
tually exchanged.
In revealing some of these on the
witness stand much light was thrown
by Miss Wagner on the estimable
character, of Miss Dolbeer. In one of
the numerous confidential chats matri
mony was discussed in a general way.
"I couldn't care for" a man because of
his money," Miss Dolbeer had said. "I
would never marry a title, for I think
that is foolish. Nor could I marry a
foreigner: I would marry none but an
American. Social position has no at
traction for me. The man whom I
would marry must' have a work to do —
he must be a man of active affairs
and accomplish something in the
world. He must have the quality of
earnestness in life. Social position and
money are not enough. I care too much
for the life of k happy home and the
affection in it."
Miss Wagner also described the
many automobile trips, social affairs
and other diversions from which Miss
Dolbeer derived much enjoyment.
In all the intimate relations of their
friendship the witness never detected
a sign of failing mind in the testatrix.
At the time the' will was executed.
Miss Wagner declared, Miss Dolbeer
was undoubtedly of sound mind.
DEFINES "SOCIETY GIRL.
The cross-examination was some
what severe. Among other things,
Miss Wagner denied that Miss Dolbeer
was "a society girl," and when called
on gave the following as her definition
of the term:
"A society girl is one who goes out
all the time, is frivolous, has no serious
thought in life, cares nothing for home
or for love and affection, and is with
out deep feeling or emotion." ■•*
Miss Dolbeer was not such a girl In
any particular, said the witness.
"That's not my. life either," she fur
ther declared, when asked what part
she took in society. 1
Miss Dolbeer wrote several letters to
Miss Wagner after leaving San Fran
cisco • in April, but witness presented
only one of them. It was t written in
Paris a little over a month previous to
the death of the testatrix In New York.
To show that Miss Dolbeer was then
in happy frame of mind and as indica
tive itself of a rational and sane mind
the missive was introduced in evidence.
In the date line the testatrix made a
facetious use of French, with which
she was struggling during her stay in
Paris. The letter tells in a happy vein
how she was enjoying herself and goes
far to deny the contention that she
was in ill-health and disturbed mind
while participating in the gayeties of
the French capital.
William W. Carson, cashier for Dol
beer & Carson Company, told of the
intelligence and good ' judgment ex
hibited by the testatrix in looking aft
er her business affairs. The witness
is a son of William Carson, one of
the heads of the firm, and had been a
ADVEirrfrEMEXTS.
Wilson & Co.
....Furnishers to Men....
"HE" would -appreciate can be.
found in our magnificent stock of ,
Fancy Shirts
Dress Sh:r2s
Neck Dress
Hosiery
Underwear
GsOV€S
Pajamas
Night Shirts
OWCalcio
Umbrellas
Handkerchiefs
Suit Cases, Etc.
Our PRICES are much
the most reasonable in the
city when quality is con-
sidered. __^_v^__ .
Open ' Even njs Until Xmas.
908-910 MAWCET STREET
Between Stccktc n and \ Poweli >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-'—•'—''-''-"-' -----"-■-•'-- %" '" ■
O'CONNOR., MOFFATT <& CO.
A most useful gift for Christmas is a Leather
Handbag or purse. We. are showing the h:.nd-
somest collection to be seen in the city, from the
most inexpensive to the finest leather bags with
silk linings and heavy mountings. Prices are
verv reasonable. Below we quote a few styles:
At $1.25, $1.50, $1.75
Very pretty bags in seal leather, with braided strap han-
dles and moire velour lining. Fitted with card case and
purse. • •
At $2.00, $2.50, $3.00, $3.50
Seal leather bag, with braided handles— the long, pretty
shape ; moire lined. Inside fittings are card case and purse.
A. a rf* A E? fX
At $4.50
Sea Lion Envelope bag, in all the new colors. Fancy silk
lined. Fitted with cein purse and card case.
* At $6.50, $?.00, $8.00
Sea Lion leather bags, double strap handles, silk lined.
Very showy appearance Fitted with card case and coin
purse.
At $9.00 ~
Handsome Sea Lion leather bags, in all colors. Braided
or double-strap handles. Fancy silk lined. Fitted with
card case, coin purse and mirror.
' At $15.00
English Morocco leather bags, envelope shape. Double
compartments. Fitted with shopping tablet, card case and
mirror. A very handsome and stylish bag. In shades of
Reseda, Terra Cotta, Brown, Navy Blue and Black.
Opera Bags
Novelties in Fancy Silk, Japanese Damask, Broadtail Vel-
vet and handsome hand-painted Silk Opera Bags. Prices
$1.00 to $12.50 each. ...;^
Men's .^ Foncy
Neckwear ff£}&£- s*J+ J Belts
have Beautiful
Just opened V^, — — SI Jt d ' • P 1 *' ° r
three cases  t/1 newest swle.
Neckwear— t *ABL«A»* k^^ S* —T^V^ and . Bread-
Four - in- C JIKUUSH^O *&*' CN/L^V-^ tal1 v! v «t-
hand. Teekn 1666 £fr+~* In black and
Z™ nsh •KIP* 1 <J^gO ■£j£W5:
socTVsc HI to 121 Post Street sK* $3.50
and $1.00 each.
friend and companion of Miss Dolbeer
since childhood. For some time he
lived at her home on. Pacific avenue.
Young Carson was a witness to the
first will the testatrix made in 1903. He
knew nothing of the second will, which
was executed In April of the present
year. In March or April, the witness
couldn't remember which, Miss Dolbeer
one evening asked him how to spell
the plural of executrix, which request
he was not able to comply with. ; :■:;
NEW USE OF PHOTOGRAPH.
The proponents introduced a pho
tograph of Miss Dolbeer and It was
scrutinized by the Jury. It Is some
what new in legal practice to employ
photographs to supplement the testi
mony of witnesses as to the appear
ance of a person and the portrayal of
character. Fortified by a New York
decision Judge Coffey granted the re
quest of the proponents.
The opinion of J. Stanley Foster, as
sistant cashier of the Bowery Bank,
New York, that Miss Dolbeer was of
sound mind was added to the heap of
cumulative testimony on this point.
In the deposition read to the jury. Fos
ter, said he was a passenger* on the
Deutschland. on which the testatrix
and Miss Warren crossed to Europe.
Deponent had many conversations
with Miss Dolbeer and she was at all
times rational and coherent.
William G. Mugan. one of the ex
ecutors of. the will, was recalled and
asked if he did not say to Arthur H.
Barendt, then a reporter, on the re
ceipt of the news from New York of
Miss Dolbeer's death that he feared it
was only "too true," Is intimated in
the dispatch, that she had lost her
mind. The witness made emphatic
denial.
The trial will be resumed this morn
ing.
START CRUSADE AGAINST
ILJiEGAIi PRACTITIONERS
Warrants Obtained for the Arrest of
Ten Persons for Practicine Medi
cine Without a Certificate.
Dr. F. B. Carpenter, Dr. George
Rlumer and Dr. Dudley Tait, the ex
ecutive committee . of the County
Medical Society of San Francisco, with
the co-operation of the State Board of
Medical Examiners, are starting a
crusade against men and women who
are practicing medicine without the
necessary certificates. They will di
rect the prosecutions of those arrested,
and Attorney William M. Magulre
will, act as special counsel.
Yesterday afternoon ten warrants
were* obtained from Police Judge
Cabanlss and more will follow. The
warrants are for the arrest of Wong
Him, 667 Geary street: Julian Wal
ler, 131 Seventh street; A. A. Shaw,
Ninth and Howard streets; John A.
Nordin. Hotel Renelier; Mon Way.
37 Brenham place; Nellie Belghle, 906
Eddy street; H. W. Brayton. 594
Castro street; Wong Woo, Clay
street; S. It. ' Chamley. 25 Third
street, arid Tom She Bin. 615 Kearny
street. Some of them have been ar
rested on a similar charge before. -
Chamber or Commerce Meets.
The trustees of the Chamber of
Commerce decided yesterday to ap
point William M. Bunker as the
organization's delegate to the Ameri
can .Forestry Congress which will be
held in Washington, D. C^January
2. The death of Adolph Hromada,
formerly a nrominent member of the
chamber, was officially announced. A
resolution was adopted favoring the
scheme'to have the San. Benito pinna
cles made ■ Into a Government park. '
Will Study . Weber Case.
'Attorney < General U. S. Webb left
yesterday, for Auburn to see how the
land lies before taking charge of the
Drosecution in the .."Weber murder case.
The trial la scheduled to commence
January 28. The several lawyers em
ployed by the defendant will have a
conference at Auburn next week.
Hnrnrtf" Kitrr.ct of Vanilla la tb*
standard •verywhere. Sold by best grocer*. •
ANOTHER DISSOLUTION.— Followtn* th»
lead of the other Comstock mining companies
which are reorganizing the Gould and Curry
Company yesterday filed Its petition for dis
solution. It waa Incorporated June 27. ISO)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Piano that
strikes a chord
of perfect har-
mony in the
praises of all
critical pianists.
New and Original
. Styles Now Being
Shown.
Wouldn't the
family like -a -
Vose for a
Christmas gift?
Open Eveningn.
[Benj-CURTAZWon
16 OTarrcllSaiJ
San Jose • fllaroeda -Fresno
Lundstrom
Hat Orders
Make acceptable Xmas
Gifts. We sell them and
they're good until used. The
recipient will be pleased, for
he'll find a large stock of
good stylish hats to make
his selection from
PACIFIC COAST
HATWORKS
"The Big Busy Hat Shop."
1458 Market* St.,
Opp. Central Theater. ,' 4
: and 605 Kearny St>.
■ \
CUTL1ERY
EVERY BLADE MRRANTED: