LESSON
NO. 4
GROVE'S MUSIC
SIMPLIFIER
Copyrig&t, 19O4, by W. Scott Grove,
• • • ......
Scranton, Fa.
K this, the fourth lesson of the series, the chords are given
for the key of A and its relative, the key of F sharp minor.
They should be learned from the charts, and then songs or
solos on other musical instruments may be accompanied on the
piano without further musical education. It* you wish to keep the
charts over the keyboard you may start at once to play accom :
panmients, even though you never played a piano beforel
The method of using these charts is extremely simple and'
presupposes no previous knowledge on the part of the pupil. -
When the twelve lessons are completed,- if you. follow them all,
you will be able to play the chords of every key of music and will
have acquired a sound basis on which to build up a thorough mu
sical training.
Place one of the charts at right angles with the keyboard,
so that the small letter D. with a dash above it, on the chart is
directly over D on the keyboard. Then the white spaces on -the
chart will be over the white keys and black spaces over the black
keys.
The top, middle and lower sections on the lower chart rep
resent the three chords, a mastery of '.which will enable any one to
accompany on the piano any song or melody in the key of A, and
the upper chart represents the chords of the key of F sharp minor.
The black letters are to be played with the left hand, the
•reel letters vntn u.c ngni iumi. ■ ... •
' Now, having placed the chart on. the piano, play the black
letter on the top section with the left hand and then the three red
letters in unison with the right hand. Next play the. middle sec
tion in the same way, then the lower section, and then return to
the top section. The small letter D with a dash above it, which
gives the chart position, must not be played.
After a brief "practice these chords can be memorized and
you may phy without the use of the chart.
Proficiency requires a little practice, but no previous knowl-
THE SUNDAY CALL'S FREE PIANO LESSONSThis is lt»c foarth Installment
of Anthony Hope's litest novel,
"Double Harness." 'whirl! began
in Tin* Sunday Call on Novem
ber 20. Immediately following
the completion of "Double Har
nrs*"' there will begin II. Rider
Hag-sard'fi latest work. "T!ie
Brethren." a novel of the Crxi
saucs. It L< needless to state
tljut tlie BLUllior pi "She," "iiinz
Solouiun'h Slir.o" ani "Allan
Quartermain" has lost none of
ihe nit whirli lUiidc those boolis
(Copyright by McClure. Phillips & Co.)
IT was strange to him. this new
sorrow for FIbylla. lie had never
felt that yet. It was odd that he
shcwM feel It now— for the veozazn
who hed roraakea her child .-n.l
nought to dishonor h?r husband ana
'on But the fueling was very Etror.g
<_;• him. It found its first utterance in
rvords Of const rained civility. He turn
ed his head back, Bayinc:
"I'm afraid you're very tired?"
She answered nothing.
'"I hope you're not very cold?"
V little shiver of her body ran Into
his. ~ V~
"We shall be home very soon."
"Home!" fhe murmured sleepily.
'•yes, soon home now, Grantley."
"God help me!" he muttered.
He could not make it out. Some
bew his whole conception of her, of
tho situation, of himself, seemed
shaken. This guilty woman behind
h:m (was she not guilty in all that was
of consequence, in every decision of
bet will a::d every impulse of her na
ture 0 ) seemed to accuse not herself.
but him. H» was torn from the judg
ment sent and set rudely in the dock,
peremptorily bidden to plead, not
to sentence, to beg mercy in lieu of
pronouncing doom. Her wandering
wits and drowsy murmurs had inex
plicably wrought thi* transformation.
And why? And how?
Was it because she had been capable
of the fairy ride and able to make it
eternal? Capable— yes, and confident
of her ability. So confident that, in
the foolhardiness of strength, she had
engaged herself to try It with young
Blake— with that poor light o' love,
who was all unequal to the great is
sues which he himself had claimed as
the kernel of the fight. Where lay the
failure of the fairy ride? Where re
sided its nullity? How came it that
the bitter irony of contrast found in It
so fair, so unmatched a field? Who
had turned the crimson of the glorious
sunset to the co!d light of that distant
unrewarding moon?
On a sudden her grasp of him loos
ened; her arm slipped away. She gav<»
a little groan. He wrenched himself
round in the saddle, dropping the reins.
Old Rollo came to a standstill ; Grant
,ley darted out his hands with a quick
"eaper motion. Another second and she
would have fallen heavily to thf»
ground. With a strain he held her and
brousnt her round and sat her in
front of him. She seemed deathly pale
under blue-white moon rays. Her
lips opened to murmur "Grantley!"
and with a comfortable sigh she
wreathed fcer arms about his neck. He
almost ktesed her. but thought of
young Blake and took up his reins
again with a muttered oath.
So they rode down the hill into Mill
dean, old Rollo picking his steps care
fully since the chalk was slimy, and
there were loose flints which it be
hooved a careful and trusted horse to
beware of. The old scene dawned on
Grantley, pallid and ghostly in the
moonlight— the church and the post
office; Old Mill House, where she had
lived when he v.-ooed her; his own
home on the hill beyond. Sibylla's cold
arms close about his neck prayed him
to see it again as he had seen it once —
nay. in a new and intenser light; to se-j
It as the place where his love had been
born, whence the fairy ride had started
and whither returned. He did not try
to loosen her grasp about his neck. She
Feemed a burden that he must carry,
a load he bore home from out the tem
pest of the winds and waves which he
had faced and fought that night. And
ever, as he went, he sought dimly, say
ing. "Why. why?" "How did It come
about?" "Haven't I loved her?"
"Hasn't she had everything?" Or ex
claiming "Blake!" Or again, "And the
child"; trying to assess, trying to Judge,
trying to condemn, yet ever feeling the
Inanimate grasp, looking on the obliv
ious face, returning to pity and to
grieve.
A jrroom was waiting up. for him.
Grantley roused himself from his pon
derinjrs to give the man a brief expla
nation. Mrs. Imason had meant to
etay at Mrs. Valentine's, but he had
wanted to talk to her on business, and
she had insisted en coming back with
him. Unfortunately she had attempted
to walk, and it had been too much for
her; her bag would be sent home to
morrow. He had arranged this with
the gruff innkeeper, and paid' him a
good sum to hold his tongue. But he was
conscious that tongues would not be
held altogether, and that— the groom
was puzzled by the story and certainly
not convinced. This seemed to matter
very little now — as little as young
Blake had mattered. Let them guess
and gossip— what was that compared
to the great unexplained thing between
himself and Sibylla, compared to the
great questioning of himself by him
self which had now taken possession
of him?' What the outside world might
think Eeemed now a small thing — yes.
although he had been ready to kili
"himself and the child because of it.
He bore Sibylla into the hall of the
house. One lamp burned dimly there,
and all was quiet— save for a shrill
fractious cry. The child was crying
fretfully. The next moment old Mrs.
Mumple came to the top of the stairs
carrying a bedroom candle and wrap
ped in a shaboy voluminous dressing
gown.
"You're back, Mr. Imason?" She did
not see Sibvlla and held up her hand.
"Hark to poor little Prank!" she said.
"He's been crying all the evening. I
can't cuiet him. He misses his mum
my EO."
Could words more eorely condemn
Sibylla— the woman who had forsaken
her child? But Grantley gathered her
gently into his arms and began to
carry her upstairs. Then Mrs. Mum
pla saw, and turned on. him eyes full
of wonder.
"She's unconscious, I think," he said.
"She can do nothing for herself. I'll
take her to her room and vou must
put her to bed. She's verv cold. too.
You must make her warm. Mrs. Mum
ple." \
The old wcir.an followed him into the
bedroom without a word. He laid Si
bylla on the bed. For ah instant she
opened her eyes and smiled tenderly
DOUBLE HARNESS
at him: then she fell into oblivion
again. • Mrs. Muniple moved quickly
to her. Standing by her, ranged on
her side In a moment by some subtle
instinct, she faced Grantley with an
air of defiance. *v: •
"1/ave her to me, Mr. Imason. Leave
the :>oor child to me."
"Y<-s." he answered. "Get her to bed
as soon as you can. Good-night,"-
Mrs. Mumble was teeling Sibylla's
fac*>. her hands, her ankles. She began
to unbutton the wet boots hastily.
'What have you done to her?"' she
asked in motherly indignation. "Poor
lamb:"
She pulled off the boots and felt the
damp stocking w *th low exclamations
of horror. She, was in her element,
fussing over somebodv she loved. She
pot a rouch towel and knelt down to
strip off the stockings.
"I can leave' her to you now," said
Grantley, arid he walked out of the
room, c'ofintr the door behind him.
In the silliness of the house he heard
ihe little peevish cry again; the.com-
plair.t in -it was more intense, as
though the thiid missed old Mrs. Murn
plt'e care ar.d feared to be alone.
C'rar.tk-y went ulons the passage and
into ths nurserr. A night light burned
by the cot. The door of the adjoining
room stood o;»en a few inches, but all
was 'dark -ivA cuiet in there. When
Grantley came near the child saw him
and stretched out his little arms .to
him in a gesture which seemed to com
bine welcome and entreaty. Grantley
shook his head, smiling whimsically.
"I reorder what the little beggar
wants! I'm devilish little use," he mur
mured. But he lifted little Frank from
the cut, wrapped htm in a blanket and
carried him to the fireside. "I wonder
if I ousht to feed him?" he thought.
•What's the nurse up to? Oh, I suppose
she's left him to old Mumples. Why
didn't she feed him?"
Then U struck him that perhaps
Frank had been fed too much and he
shook his head gravelv over such a
trying: situation as that. Frank was
lamenting still— more gentlv, but in a
remarkably persevering way. "He must
want something," Grantley concluded;
and his eyes fell on a cup which stood
Just within the fender. He stooped
-down and stuck his finger into it and
found it half full of a warm, thick,
semi-liquid stuff.
"Got it!" he said in lively triumph,
picking up the cup and holding- it to
Frank's lips. The child sucked it up.
"Well, be likes it, anyhow; that's
something. I hope It won't kill him!"
mused Grantley. as he gentlv drew the
cup away from the tenacious little fin
gers.
Frank stuck one of the fingers In
his mouth, stopped crying and in. an
instant, seemingly, was sound asleep.
Grantley got him into a position that
he guessed would be comfortable, ana
lay back in the chair, nursing him on
his knees.
In half an hour Mrs. Mumple came in
and found them both sound asleep in
front of the fire. She darted to them,
and shook Grantley by the shoulder.
He opened hie eyes with. a start.
"My gracious. you might have
dropped him!" -
"Not a bit of it! Look how he's hold
ing on!" He showed a litle hand
clenched tightly round his forefinger.
"He could hang like that,. I believe!"
"Hang, indeed!" muttered Mrs. Mum
ple resentfully. "Give him to me, Mr.
Imason."
'"Oh. by all means! But, by Jove, he
doesn't want to go, you know!"
He did not want to go, apparently,
and Grantley was quite triumphant
about it. Mrs. Mumple was merely
cross and grumbled all the time till ehe
got the little fingers unlaced and
Frank safe in his cot again. ".It's a
mercy he didn't fall into the fire," she
kept repeating, with a lively and ag
gressive thankfulness for escape from
a danger excessively remote. But she
made Grantley ashamed of not having
thought of it. At last she spoke of
Sibylla.
"She's warm and comfortable and
sleeping now. poor lamb!" she said.
"It's time we all were," said Grant
ley, making for the door.
"You won't disturb her, Mr. Iamson?"
He turned round to her. smiling.
"No," he said. . */. ■
Mrs. Mumple moved her fat shoulders
in a helpless shrug. She had made out
nothing about the matter; she was
clear only that Sibylla had somehow
been disgracefully ill-used and that
Frank might very well have fallen into
the fire. Of these two things she was
unalterably convinced. But she spoke
of one of them only; the other was de
clared in her hostile eyes.
Against his will— perhaps against his
promise— Grantley was drawn to his
wife's bedside. He trod very softly.
The only light in the room came from
the bright flickering flames of the flre
They lit up her face and her throat
where he had torn her nightgown apart
He felt the white neck very lightly
with his hand. It was warm — healthily
warm, not feverish. She had taken no
hurt either from storms within or from
storms without She slept deeply now;
she would awake- all well on the mor
row. She would be herself again on
the morrow. He thanked heaven- for
that, and then recollected what it
meant. Herself was not the woman
who murmured "Grantley!" and
dreamed of the gold and the fairy ride-
Herself was the woman who could not
live with him. who had forsaken the
child, who had gone to Walter Blake.
To that self she would awake to-mor
row. Then was it not better that she
should -never awake? Ought he not to
be praying heaven for that— praying
that the death which had passed by
him and his son should, in its mercy,
taken her now?
Aye, that was the easiest way— and
from his heart and soul Grantley de
spised the conclusion. His face set as
it had when he faced her in the dingy
inn and tore her from her lover's ready
arms. His courage rose unbroken from
the ruins of his pride. He would fight
for her and for himself. But how?
There must be a way.
Suddenly she raised herself in the
bed. In an instant he had drawn back
behind the curtains. She neither saw
him nor heard. For a moment she sup
ported herself on her hand, with the
other flinging back her hair over her
shoulderB. Then, with one of her splen
did lithe easy movements, she was out
of bed and had darted quickly across
to the door.
Grantley watched her, holding his
breath, in a strange terror lest she
should discover him, fearful that in
such a case her delusion might still
keep its hold on her — fearful too of
the outrage his presence would seem if
it had left her. She opened the door
wider, and stood listening for fully a
couple of minutes; it seemed to him
that the time would never end. Then
she carefully set the door halfway
ajar, and turned to come back to her
bed. She walked slowly now, and
looked toward the flre, stretching out
her hands toward it for a moment as
she came opposite to it. The flames
illuminated her face again, and he saw
on her lips a smile of perfect happl-
ness. All was well; there was no cry
ing in the house; the child slept. That
was all she thought of, all she cared
about; her brain was dormant, but her
Instinct could not sleep. Now that it
wag satisfied, with a buoyant spring
she leaped on the bed and cuddled the
clothes about her happily. ./
i I?i a , few seconds Grantley stole si
lently from the room. He went down
stairs and he ate and drank: he had
touched next to nothing for twelve
hours. His blood stirred as warmth
and vigor came back to him. He
thanked heaven that he lived, and the
boy lived, that she lived and was with
him still. His head was high and his
? OU1 ?Z* unbroken. He looked on what
ne had been, and understood ; yet he
was not dismayed. Guided by the
smile on her lips, he had found the
vay. He had been right to bring her
back, or she could not have smiled
like that— in all the plenitude of love
for the little child, a love that waked
while reason slept, but would not let
her sleep till it was satisfied. If that
was in her who had forsaken the child
so her love for him. vas in her who
ha<Tleft him to -go to Walter Blake.
If that were true, then there must be
away. . .. >
Somehow, he knew not how, salva
tion should come through the child. His
mind leaped on. to a vision of bonds of
£f 3 v lne i I anew by the link of those
little hands. v
CHAPTER XVIH.
Roseate Hues.
I Tho Raymores were holding up their
heads again— such good reports came
from Buenos Ayres. The head of
Charley's department had written a
letter to Raymore, speaking highly of
the lad's good conduct and ability, and
promising him early promotion. Ray
more showed it to Kate, and she read
it with tears in her eyes. ,
"You see he's going to give him a
holiday at Christmas, . and let him
spend a month with us," said Ray
more," pointing out a passage in the
letter. - .
"Come on a visit, he says." she
looked up with a question glance.
Raymore understood the question. *
"Yea, my dear," he said gently. "He'll
pay us a visit— many visits 1 , I hope —
but his career must lie- over
That'.* inevitable, and best on all
grounds, I think." . He came and took
her hand, adding, "We must' be; brave
about that." '. ; • : 'i"j'
"I'll try," said Kate.
She knew that was the" penalty which
must be paid. Over here the past
would never be utterly burled. Charley
would never be quite safe. from -it. '-He
must buy safety and afresh, start at
the price; of banishment. . His mother
faced the'bitter conclusion.
"We must make the most of the vis
its," Ehe' signed. "And, yes, I will be
brave."
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAIX.
\ - - ■ • ■
"We must give him a splendid time
while he's with us," said Raymore. and
kissed her. "You've been fine about
it," he whispered: "keep it up."
The penalty was high, or seemed so
to a mother, but the banishment was
not all evil. The boy's absence united
them as his presence had never done.
At home he had been an anxiety often,
and sometimes a cause • of distress, to
them. All that was gone now. He
was a bond of union, and nothing else.
And his own love for them came . out.
When he was with them, a lad's ahame
facedness, no less than the friction of
everyday life, had half hidden it. His
heart sr>oke out now from across the
Seas; he wrote of home with longing:
it seemed to grow something holy to
him. He recounted artlessly the words
of praise and • the marks of confidence
hehad.won; he was pleading that they
made him worthy to pay his Christmas
visit home. Whenever . his. letters
came, Raymore and Kate had a good
talk. together over them; the boy's open
heart opened their hearts also to one
another— yes. and to Eva; too. They
paid.more attention. to Eva, and were
quicker to understand her growth, to
see how she reached forward to woman
hood, and to be ready to meet her on
this new. ground. She responded read
ily, with the idea that she must do all
she could to lighten the sorrow and to
make Charley's absence less felt. In
easy-going times people are apt to be
reserved. The trouble and the worry
broke up the . crust • which had formed
over their hearts. ; All of them— even
the boy so far away — were nearer to
gether.
This softened mood, and the gentler
atmosphere which reigned in the Ray
mores' household, had its effect ; on
Jeremy Chiddingfold's fortunes. It
caused both Kate and Raymore to look
on at his proceedings with indulgence.
They were constantly asking them
selves whether they had not been too
strict with Charley, 'I and whether the
calamity might not have been pre
vented if they had : encouraged him to
confide in them more, and to bring his
difficulties to them. They were
nervously anxious to make : no such
mistake in regard to Eva. They were
even in a hurry to recognize that;Eva
must consider herself— and .therefore
be / considered— a young .' woman. » A
pretty young woman,;. to. .bqott And
what 'did.' pretty' young' women, like—
•?# attract? Eva was not repressed;
she was encouraged along the natural
path. And it was difficult to encourage
Eva without encouraging Jeremy too—
that at least was Kate Raymore's opin
ion, notwithstanding that she had been
made the repository of the great secret
a ° out Dora H « ttIn ff. "A boy and
girl affair! * she called it once to Ray
fnore, and made no further reference
Kate was undoubtedly in a senti
mental mood; the small number and
the distant advent of the hundreds a
year from the dyeing works did not
trouble her. Half unconsciously, in
f« e *i? he i r ,« 3o . y ot giving Eva pleasure,
in the delight of seeing her girl spread
her /wings, she threw the young folk
together, and marked their mutual at
traction with furthering benevolence.
"We've been happy, after all," she
said to Raymore, "and I should like to
see Eva happily settled too."
chifd^^ yI " he muttered - *: she ' a a
«,J,n h> m - y dear! " s al <S Kate, with a
smile of superior knowledge; fathers
were always me that.
a £?\ ea 5H! t *? ln the encouragement
and the liberty, trying her wings es
saying her power with timid tentative
flights. Yet she remained very young
her.innocence and guilelessness did not
l « av V. her '-" She - did not seek to shine,
■he '.did -not try to flirt. She had not
Anna Selford's self-confidence, nor her
ambition. Still she was a young
woman, and eince Jeremy was very
° . n w, •* hand « and se emed to be a
suitable 1 subject, she. tried her wings
on 3 him. Then «. Kate Raymore would
nod secretly and significantly at her
husband. She also observed that Eva
was beginning to show a good deal of
character. This might be true In a
sense, since all qualities go to charac
ter, but it was hardly true in the usual
sense. Christine Fanshaw used always
to say that Eva was as good as gold
and there she would leave the tonic
without further elaboration. ' \ '
B&SSS!"? Was the sort of rl Jeremy
liked. He saw in himself now a man
of considerable experience. Had he not
grown up side by side with Sibylla her
whims and her tantrums? Had* he not
watched the development of Anna Sel
ford's distinction, and listened to her
sharp tongue? Had he not cause to re
member Dora Hutting's- alternate- co
quettishness and scruples, the one sure
ly rather forward (Jeremy had been
revising his recollections), the other al
most inhuman? Reviewing, this wide
field of > femlne varietv Jeremy felt
competent to form a valid judgment;
and he. decided that gentleness,„trust
fulness and fidelity were' what a man
wanted. He said as much to Alec Tur
ner, who told him,, with unmeasured
scorn, that his ideas were out of date
and sadly retrograde.
"You want* a slave," said Alec with
eringly. . ._, .
"I want a helpmeet," objected Jer
emy.
"Not you! A helpmeet means an
equal— an intellectual equal." Alec in
sisted hotly. He was hot on a subject
which did not seem necessarily to de
mand warmth because he too had de
cided what he wanted. He had fallen
into a passion which can.be described
only as unscrupulous. He wanted to
marry clever, distinguished, brilliant
Anna Selford— to marry her at a reg
istry office and take her to live on two
pounds a week (or thereabouts) In two
rooms up two pairs of stairs in Batter -
Fea. Living there, consorting with the
people who were doing the real think
ing of the age, remote from the batted
bourgcolse. she would really be able to
Influence opinion and to find a scope
for -her remarkable gifts and abilities.
He sketched this menage in an abstract
fashion, not mentioning the lady s
name, and was much annoyed when
Jeremy opined that he "wouldn't find a
girl in London to do it."
"Oh, as for you, I know you are go
ing to become a damned plutocrat,"
Alec said, with a scornful reference to
the dyeing works.
"Rot!" remarked Jeremy, but he was
by no means so annoyed at being ac
cused of becoming a damned plutocrat
as he would have been a year earlier,
before he had determined to seek
Fpeedy riches and fame in order to daz
sle Dora Hutting, and when he had
not encountered the gentle eyes of Eva
Raymore. Whatever. else plutocrats (if
we may now omit the epiphetus or
nans) may or may not do in the econo
my and service of the commonwealth,
they can at least give girls they like
fine presents, and furnish beautiful
houses (and fabrics superbly dyed) for
their chosen wives. There are, in short,
mitigations of their lot. and possibly
excuses for their existence.
Jeremy's state of mind may easily
be gauged. The dyeing works were
prominent, but, the experience of life
was to the front too. He was working
hard— and had his heart in his play
besides. For his age it was a healthy,
and a healthily typical, existence. The
play part was rich in complications not
unpleasurable. The applause of large,
admiring brown eyes is not a negligible
matter in a young man's life. There
was enough of the old Jeremy surviv
ing to make the fact that he was fall
ing in love seem enough to support an
excellent theory on the subject. But.
on the other hand, he had meant the
fame and riches for Dora Hutting— to
dazzle her anyhow — whether to satisfy
or to tantalize her had always been a
moot point. In imagination Jeremy
had invariably emerged from the pro
cess making wealth -and fame either
unalterably faithful or Indelibly mi
sogynlstic — Dora being the one eter
nal woman, though she might be
proved unworthy. It had never oc
curred to him that he should label the
fame and riches to another address.
To be Jilted may appear ludicrous to
the rest of the world, but the ardent
mind of the sufferer contrives to re
gard it as tragic. A rapid transference
of affection tends to impair the dignity
of the whole matter. Still, large brown
admiring eyes will count— especially if
one. meets them every . day. Jeremy
was profoundly puzzled about himself,
and did not suppose that just this sort
of thing had ever occurred before.
Then a deep sense of guilt stole over
.him- Was he trifling with Eva? He
hoped not. But of course there is no
denying that the !dea of trifling with
girla has its own attractions at a cer
tain age. At any rate to. feel that you
might— and could — is not altogether an
unpleaslng "sensation. However Jere
my's moral sense was very strong— the
stronger (as he was in the habit of
assuring Alec Turner) for being based
on pure reason and the latest results
of sociology. Whenever Eva had been
particularly sweet and admiring, he felt
that he ought not to go to Buckingham
Gate again until he had put his rela
tions with Dora Hutting on an ascer
tained basis. He would knit his brow
then, and decline to be enticed from
his personal problems by Alec's invi
tations to general discussion. At this
stage of his life he grew decidedly
more careful about his dress, not aim-
Ing at smartness. - but at a rich and
sober effect. And all the while he
started for Romford at 8 In the morn
ing. He was leading a very fin© ex
istence.
"These are very roseate hues, Kate,"
Christine Fansbaw observed with deli
cate criticism as she sipped her, tea.
Kate had been talking about Eva' and
hinting benevolently about Jeremy.
"Oh, the great trouble's always be
hind. No, it's not so bad now, thank
heaven! But if only he could come
back for good! I'm sure we want
roseate hues!"
"I daresay we do," said Christine,
drawing nearer the fire. It was au
tumn now, and she was always a chilly
little body.
"Look at those wretched Courtlands.
And . somehow I don't believe that
Grantley's marriage has been alto
gether successful."
She paused a moment, and there had
been a questioning inflection in her
voice; but Christine made no comment.
"For myaelf I can't complain "
"And you won't get enything out of
me, Kate."
"But we do want the young people to
—to give us the ideal back again."
"I suppose the old people have al
ways thought the young people were
going to do that. And they never do.
They grow into old people — and then
the men drink, or the women run
away, or something."
"No, no," Kate Raymore protested.
"I won't believe it, Christine. There's
always hope with them, anyhow.
They're beginning with the best, any
how!"
"And when they find It isn't the
best?"
"You're — you're positively sacrilegi
ous!"
"And you're disgracefully senti
mental." • »
She finished her tea .and sat back, re
garding her neat boots.
"Walter Blake's back In town," she
went on. .-• 'J.- ■■
\ "He's been yachting, hasn't he?"
"Yes, for nearly two months. I met
him. at the Selfords*."
A moment's pause followed.
"There was some talk " began
Kate Raymore tentatively.
"It was nonsense. There's some talk
about- everybody."
Kate lauehed. "Oh, come, speak for
yourself, Christine."
"The Imasons are down in the coun
try."
"And Walter Blake's -in town? Ah,
well!" Kate sighed thankfully.
"In town— and at the Selfords'." She
spoke with evident significance.
Kate raised .her brows.
"Well, it can't be Janet Selford, can
it?" smiled Christine.
. "I -think. he's a. dangerous man." ...
"Yes— he's so silly."
< "You do mean— Anna?"
"I've said all I mean, Kate. Anna
has come on very much ot- late. I've
dressed her. you know." "■ ■ . , ;
"Oh, that you can do!"
"That's why I'm such a happy worn-
an. Teach Eva to dress badly!" >."• ■«;-'.
Again Kate's brows ro3u In remon
strance or Question.
''Oh,* no, I don't mean it, of course.
What would be the pood, when most
men don't know the difference?"
"You're certainly a £on<3 corrective
to idealism."
"I ought to bo. Well. veil. Anna can
look alter herself."
"It isn't as if one positively knew
anything against him."
"One might mind one's own business.
even if one did." Christine observed.
"Oh, I don't cuite agree with you
there. If one saw an innocent girl "
"Eva? Oh, you mothers!"
"I suppose I was thinking of her.
Christine, did Sibylla ever — — ?"
"Not the least. 1 believe." said Chris
tine with infinite composure.
"It's no secret "Walter Blake did."
"Are there any secrets?" asked
Christine. "It'd seem a pity to waste
anything by making a secret of it. One
can always get a little comfort by
thinking of the pleasure one's sins have
given. It's really vour duty to your
neighbor to be talked about. You
know Harriet Courtland's begun her
action? There'll be no defense, I sup
pose!"
"Has she actually begun? How
dreadful! Poor Tom! John tried to
bring her round, didn't he?"
A curious smile nickered on Chris
tine's lips. "Yes, but that didn't do
much good to anybody."
"She flew out at him, I suppose?"
"So I understood." Christine was
smiling oddly still.
"And what will become of those un
happy children?"
"They have their mother. It nature
makes mistakes in mothers, I can't
help it, Kate."
"Is she cruel to them?" .
"I expect so — but I daresay It's not
so trying as a thoroughly well conduct
ed home."
"Really, it's lucky you've no chil
dren," laughed Kate.
"Really it is, Kate, and you've hit
the truth," Christine agreed.
Kate Ravmore looked at the prett7
and still youthful face, and sighed.
"You're too good, really, to say that."
Christine shrugged her shoulders im
patiently. "Perhaps I meant lucky for
the children. Kate," she smiled.
"And I suppose it means ruin to
poor Tom? Well, he's been very silly.
I met him with the woman myself!"
"Was she good looking?"
"As if I noticed! Why, you might be
a man! Besides it was only decent to
look away." -"-:
"Yes, one looks on till there's a row
— and then one looks away. I suppose
that's Christianity."
"Now, really, I must beg you, Chris
tine "
"Well, Eva's not in the room, is she.
Kate?"
"You're Quite at your worst this aft
ernoon." She came and touched her
friend's arm lightly. "Are you un
happy?"
"Don't! It's your business to be good
and sympathetic— and stupid," said
Christine, wriggling under her affec
tionate touch.
"But John's affairs are ever so much
better, aren't they?"
"Yes, ever so much. It's not John's
affairs. It's Good gracious, who's
this?"
Something like a tornado had sud
denly swept into the room. It was
Jeremy in a state of high excitement.
He had a letter in his hand, and
rushed up to Kate Rayinore, holding
it out. At first he did not notice Chris
tine.
"I've had a letter from Sibylla "
he began excitedly.
"Any particular news?" asked Chris
tine quickly.
"Oh, I beg your pardon. Mrs. Fan
shaw! I — I didn't see you." His man
ner changed. Christine's presence evi
dently caused him embarrassment.
"No; no particular news. It's — it's not
about her. I mean."
"I'll go if you like, but I should
dearly like to hear." Sh© looked Im
ploringly at Jeremy: she was thinking
that after all he was a very nice boy.
"Give ma the letter, Jeremy. Show
me the place," said Kate Raymore.
Jeremy did as she bade him, and
stood waiting with eager eyes. Chris
tina made no preparations for going;
she thought that with a little tact sh*
might contrive to stay and hear th»
news. She was not mistaken.
"Dora Hutting engaged!" said Eats,
with a long breath.
Jeremy nodded portentously..
"Good gracious me!" murmured
Kate.
"To a curate — a chap who's a. curate,"
said Jeremy. His tone was full of
meaning.
"Wasn't she always High Church?**
asked Christine sympathetically.
"Why, you never knew her, Mrs.
Fanshaw?"
"No, but most curates ar* High
Church now, aren't they?"
"It's very curious, isn't it. Jeremyf*
asked Mrs. Raymore. "Met htm at
her aunt's, I see Sibylla says."
Jeremy stood before the flr» with
knitted brows. "Yes, at her aunt's,"
he repeated thoughtfully.
"Why is it curious, Kate?"
"Oh. you know nothing about it.
Christine."
"I'm trying to learn — if Mr. Chid
dlngfold would only tell me."
"It's nothing. It's— it's Just a girl
I used to know, Mrs. Fanshaw."
"Ah. those girls one used to know,
Mr. Chiddlngfold!"
Jeremy laughed— he laughed rather
knowingly. -cVT? ■'■■' . ' ; <
"And shs's consoled herself?" pur
sued Christine.
"Oh. come now, I say, Mrs.. Fan
shaw!"
"It's no use trying to be serious with
her, Jeremy. We'll read all about it
when she's gone."
"Yes, all right. But to think—! Well.
I'm dining here, am I not?"
"Oh, yc5," said Christine reassur
ingly.
"Christine, you're very impertinent.
Yes, of course. Jeremy, and we'll dis
cuss it then. Why don't you find Eva?
She's in the library, I think."
"Oh, is she? Then I— I might as well,
mightn't I?" He spoke listlessly, al
most reluctantly. And he did not leave
the room by a straight path, but draft
ed out , of it with an accidental air,
fingering a book or two. and a nick
nack cr two on his devious way. Chris
tine's eyes followed his erratic course
with keen amusement.
"You wicked woman!" she said to
Kate as the door closed. "You might
have, given him one afternoon to dedi
cate to the memory of Miss Dora —
what was her name?"
"She was the rector's daughter down
at Mllldean. Well, I'm really glad! I
fancy she was a flighty girl, Christine."
"Oh, dear me. I hope not," ■ said
Christine gravely. "What an escape
for the poor dear boy!"
"Yciu . shan't nut roe .out of temper,"
beamed Kato Raymore.
' "I should think not. when your
machinations are triumphing!"
"He's too nice a boy to be thrown
away. And I don't think he was quite
happy about it."
"I don't suppose he deserved to be.""And now he can "
"Oh* I won't hear any more about it!
As it is, I've heard a lot more than
cjiybody mecnt me to. I suppose." She
pot up. "I must go home." Ehe said,
with a little fro^n. "I'm prlad I came.
I like you and your silly young people.
Kate."
"Ch. no. stay a little." Kate begged.
"I want to ask you about a frock for
Christine was jrlad to talk about
frocks— :i was the craft whereof she
vas mistress— and plad. too. to stay a
little longer at the Raymorcs.' There
was youth in the air there, and hope.
The sorrow that was lifting
seemed still to enrich by contrast the
blossoming joy or the young lives
■which had their center there. Her
chaJT covered ro keen a sympathy that
she oould not fafely do anything but
chaff. The thought of the different
state of things which awaited her at
home oid as much to make her linger
as her constitutional dislike of leav
ing a cheery fire for the ttread dusk
vutside. Once she was near confiding
the whole truth to Kate Raymore, so
core a desire had she for sympathy.
But in the ead lit-r habit of reticence
won the day. and she refused to betray
J^erself, just as she had declined to b'f
false to Sibylla's secret. What could
Kate Raymore do for her? To speak
of her trouble would only be to cast
a shadow over the joy of a friendly
heart.
When she did go chance tempted her
to a. very mean action, anil she fell be
fore the temptation without the least
resistance. The lights were not yet
turned up on the staircase or ln the
hall, and Christine. left by her own re
quest to find her way downtsairs,
found the library door open — it grave on
to the hall. The room was not lighted
cither, except By a bright fire. She
eaw two fiprures Fitting by the fire, and
drew back into the gloom of the hall
v.ith a smile on her lips.
Eva was wondering at Jeremy. Of
course he had said nothing of the
news to her; indeed, she knew nothing
explicit of Dora Hutting— she had
heard only a hint or two from her
mother. But this evening there was
a difference in Jeremy. Hitherto an
oir of hesitation had hung about him;
v.h"n he said anything— well, anything
rather marked— he would often retreat
from !t, or smooth it down, or give it
'fome ordinary (and rather disappoint
ing) explanation in the next sentence.
He alter:irued between letting himself
gr- and bringing; himself up with a jerk.
This demeanor had its interesting side
for Eva. but it had also been rather
disquieting; sometimes it had seemed
almost to rebuke her for listening to
the first sentence without displeasure,
since the first had been open to the in
terpretation which the second so hasti
ly disclaimed. In fact, Jeremy's con
science had kept interposing remarks
between the observations of another
faculty in Jeremy. The result had not
been homogeneous. Conscience spoils
k-ve making ; it should either let it
alone, or in the proper cases prevent it
altogether.
This evening thing's had % changed.
His chagrin ur.d his relief— his grudge
against Dora and her curate and his
sense of recovered liberty — joined
forces. He did not let the grass grow
under his feet. He engaged in the
primeval srt of courting without hes
itation or reserve. His eves sjioke in
quick frinnces. his fingers sought ex
'•usis for transient toucbes. He criti
cized Eva. obviously meaning praise
uhere with mock audacity he ventured
o.i depreciation. Eva had been work
ing at embroidery — Jeremy must have
the process explained and be shown
how to do it (to be sure it was rather
dark— they had to lean down together
to get the firelight). His fingers were
very avkward indeed, and needed a
lot of arranging. Eva's clear laugh
rang^ out over this task, and Jeremy
pretended to be very much hurt. Then,
BOddesIjr, Eva paw a line on his hand
and had to tell him what it meant
They started on palmistry and Jere
my enjoyed himself immensely. The
last «'hristine saw was when he had
started to tell Eva's fortune and was
holding her hand in his. inventing non
sense, and not inventing it very well.
Well or ill. what did it matter? Old
or new, it mattered- less. The whole
thin? was very old, the process as well
ascertained as the most primitive
method tver used in Jeremy's dyeing
works. "Poor children!" breathed
Christine as she stole softly away to
ward the hall door. She could not
stand there and look on and listen any
more. Not because to listen was mean,
but because it had become intolerable.
She was ready to sob as she let'her
self out silently from the house of love
into the chilly outer air. She left them
to their pleasure and set her face
homeward. But her mind and her
heart were full of what she had seen
— of the beauty and the pity of it; for
must not the beauty be so short lived?
, Had not she, too, known the rapture
of that advancing flood of feeling —
yes, though the flood flowed where it
should not? How the memories came
back — and with what mocking voices
they spoke! Well had it been for her
to stand outside and look! For of a
surety never again might she hope to
enter in.
A man came full beneath the light
of a street lamp. It was a figure she
could never forget nor mistake. It
was Frank Caylesham. He saw her,
and raised his hat, half stopping, wait-
Ing her word to stop. She gave an in
voluntary little cry, almost hysterical.
"Fancy meeting you Just now!" she
gasped
cil\iti:r xix.
In the Corner.
Christine had neither desire to
avoid nor strength to refuse the en
counter. Her emotions had been stir
red by what she had seen at Kate
Raymore's; they demanded some ex
pression. Her heart went forth to a
friend, forgetting any bitterness which
attached to the friendship. The old
attraction claimed her. When Cayle
shum said that it wns quite dark and
there was no reason 'why he should
not escort her she agreed readily and
was .*50on babbling: to him about Eva
p.nd Jeremy. She put her arm in his,
talking merrily and seemed very
young and fresh as rhe turned her
face up to his and Joked fondly about
the y%ntng people. None of the em
barrassment which had afflicted her
visit to his- flat hung about her now.
She had somebody she could talk to
freely at last and was happy in his
eociety. It was a holiday — with a hol
iday's irre-sponsibility about it. He
understood her mood; he was always
quick to understand at the tinie,
though very ready to forget what the
feeling must have been and what it
must continue to be when he had
gone. He shared her tenderness, her
pity and her amusement at the youth
ful venturers. They talked gayly for
a quarter of an hour, Christine not
noticing which way they went. Then
a r>ause came.
Are we going right*" she asked.
"Well, not quite straight home," he
laughed.
"Oh. but we must," she said with a
sigh. He nodded and took a turn
leading more directly to her house.
"I hear things are much better with
John. I met Grantley and he told
me they were In much better shape."
"Thanks to Grantley Imason -and
you. Yes, and you."
"I was very glad to do it Oh. it's
nothing. I can trust old John, you
know." '
"Yes, he'll pay you back. Still it
was good of you." She lifted her eyes
to his. "He knows, Frank," she said.
"The devil he does!" Caylesham was
startled and smiled wryly.
"I don't know -why I told you that
T suppose I had to talk to somebody.
Tes, Harriet Gourtland told him — you
remember she knew.' He made her
angry by lecturing her about Tom
and shp told him."
"He knows, "by Jove, does he?" He
pulled at his mustache! _she pressed
his arm lightly. "But, I say. he's tak
en the money!" He looked at her in
a whimsical perplexity. , .'7 j.v 1
"So you may imagine what It was to
me." -v- "'*
"But he's taken U12 money!"
"How could he refuse it? It would
have meant ruin. Oh, he didn't know
when he sent me to you — he'd never
have done that."
"But he knew when he kept it?"
"Yes, he knew then. He couldn't
let it go when once he'd got it, you
see. Poor old John!"
/ "Well, that's a rum thing!" Cayle
sham's code was infringed by John's
action — that was plain; but his hu
mor was tickled, too. "How did he —
well, how did he take it?"
"Awful!" she answered with a
shiver.
"But I say, you know, he kept the
money, Christine."
"That makes no difference — or
makes it worse. Oh, I can't tell you!" y
"It doesn't make it worse for you
anyhow. It gives you the whip hand,
doesn't it?"
She did not heed him; she was set
on pouring out her own story.
"It's dreadful at home, Frank. Of
course I oughtn't to talk to you, of all
people. But I've had two months and
more of it now."
'He's not unkind to you?" •
"If he was what do I deserve? Oh,
don't be fierce. He doesn't throw
things at me, like Harriet Courtland,
or beat me. But I " She burst Into
a little laugh. "I'm stood in the corner
all the time. Frank."
"Poor old Christine!"
"He won't be friends. He keeps me
off. I never touched his hand, or any
thing."
A long-dormant jealousy stirred in
Caylesham.
"Well, do you want to?" he asked
rather brusquely.
"Oh, that's all very well, but imagine
living like that! There's nobody to
speak to. I'm in disgrace. He doesn't
talk about it, but he talks round it, you
know. Sometimes he forgets for five
minutes. Then I say something cheer
ful. Then he remembers . and — and
tends me back to my corner." Her
rueful laugh was not far from a sob.
"It's awfully humiliating," she ended,
"and — and most frightfully dull."
"But how can he ?
"One good scene would have been so
much more endurable. But all day and
every day!"
Caylesham was amused, vexed, ex
asperated. •
"But, good heavens, it's not as if it
was an ordinary case. Remember what
he's done! Why do you stand.it?"
"How tan I help it? I did the thing,
didn't I?"
His voice rose a little in his im
patience. .'"■"■•*»•
"But he's taken my money. He's
living on it. It's saved him. By gad,
how can he say anything to you after
that? Haven't you got your answer?
Why don't you remind him gently of
that?"
"That would hurt him so dreadfully."
" "Well, doesn't he hurt you?"
'He'd never be friends with me
again."
"He doesn't seem particularly friend
ly now."
"I feel quite friendly to him. I want
to be friends." f
"It does you credit then," he said
with a sneer.-
She pressed his arm lightly again,
pleading against his anger and his un
wonted failure to understand.
"It would be an end of all hope if I
threw the money in his teeth. He's un
happy enough about it as it is." She
looked up as she added, "I've got to
live with him, you know, Frank."
Caylesham gave her a curious quick
glance.
"Got to live with him?"
"Yes; all my life." she answered. "I
suppose you hadn't \hought of that?"
It was not the sort of thing which
Caylesham was in the habit of think
ing about, but he tried to follow her
view.
"Yes. of course. It would be better to
be friends. But you shouldn't let him
get on stilts. It's absurd, after what
he's done. I mean — I mean he's done a
much qut?erer thing than you have."
"Poor old John! How could he help
it?"
He glanced at her sharply and was
about to speak, when she cried, "Why,
where are we? I didn't notice where
we -wore going."
"We're just outside my rooms. Come
in for a bit."
"No, I can't come in. I'm late now.
and— and— really I'm ashamed to tell
even you! Well, I'm always questioned
where I've been. I have to give an ac
count of every place. I have to stand
with my hands, behind me and give an
account of all my movements, Frank."
He whistled gently and compassion
ately.
"Like a school girl!"
"How well you follow the metaphor,
Frank! So I can't come in. I'll go
home. No, don't you come."
"I'll come a bit farther with you.
Oh, It's quite dark." *•,. V:
"Well, not arm-in-arm!"
"But doesn't that look more respect
able?"
"You're entirely incurable," she said,
with her old pleasure in him all re
vived.
"It's Infernal nonsense," he went on.
"Just you stand up for yourself. It's
absolute humbug in him. He's de
barred himself from taking up any
such attitude — just as much as he. has
from making any public row about it.
Hang it, he can't have it both ways,
Christine!"- v.vV
"I've got to live with him, Frank."
"Oh. you said that bafore."
"And I'm very fond of him."
'What?" He turned to her in a
genuine surprise and an obvious vexa
tion.
"Yes, very. I always was. We used
to spar, but we were good friends. We
don't spar now; I wish we did. It's
Just iciness. But I'm very fond of
him."
"Of course, if you feel like that **"•
"I always felt like that, even — even;
long ago. I used to tell you I did. I
suppose you thought that humbug?"
"Well, ' it wouldn't have been very
strange if I had."
"No, I suppose not. It must have
looked like .that. But it was true — and
it is true. The only thing I've got
left to care much about in life is get
ting to be friends with John again— and
I don't suppose I ever shall." Her
voice fairly broke for a moment.
"That's what upset me so much when
I saw those silly children at Kate Ray
more's."
C/tylcsham looked at her. There was
a roguish twinkle in his eye, but he >
patted her hand in a very friendly'
sympathy.
"I say, old John's cut me out after
all!" he whispered.
"You're scandalous! You alyvays
were," she said, smiling. "The way
you put things was always disreput
able. Yes, it was, Frank. But no; it's
not poor old John who's cut you out —
or Ht least It's John in a particular
capacity. Life's 1 cut you out— John as
life. John, as life, has cut you o*ut of
my life — and now I've got to live with
John, you see."
Caylesham screwed up his mouth
ruefully. Things certainly seemed to
shape that way. She had to live with
John.. John's conduct might be un
reasonable and unjustifiable, but people
who must be lived with frequently
presume on that circumstance and be
have as they would not venture to
behave if livlns with them were op
tional. John really had not , a : leg to
stand on, if it came to ah argument.
But arguing with people you have to
live with does not conduce to the com
fort of living: .with them — especially if
; you get the, better of the argument.
He was exceedingly sorry for Christine,
b'i|t ha didn't see any way out of it for
hit.
"Of course ther's a funny side to it,"
she said with a little laugh.
"Oli/ycs. there Is," he admitted. "But
It's deuced rough luck on you."
"Everything's deuced rough luck."
She mimicked his tone daintily. "And
I don't suppose it's ever anything worse
with you, Frank! It was deuced rough
luck ever meeting you, you know. And
sd It wan that John wanted money and
sent me to you. And that Harriet's got
a temper, and, I suppose, that we've
got to be punished for our sins." She
took her arm out of his — she had
slipped , it in again while she talked
about John as life. "And here I am,
just at home, and— and the corner'*
waiting for me, Frank."
"I'm devilish sorry, Christine."
"Yes, I'm sure you are. You always
meant to be kind. Frank,- if ever I do
make friends with John, be glad, won't
you?"
"I think he's behaved like a—" ■
"Hush, hush!* You've always been
prosperous— and you've never been
good." She laughed and took his hand.
"So don't say anything against poor
old John."
"I tell you what— you're a brick,
Christine. Well, good-by, my dear."
"Good-by, Frank. I'm glad I met
you. I've got some of it out, haven't 1?
Don't worry — well, no, you won't — and
If I succeed do try to be glad. And'
never a word to show John that I've
told you he knows!"
"I shall do just as you like about
that. Good-by, Christine."
He left her a few yards from her
house, and she stood by the door
watching his figure till it disappeared
In the dark. He had done her so much
harm. He was not a good friend. But
he was good to talk to and very kind
in his indolent, careless way. If you
recalled yourself to him he was glad to
see you and ready to be talked to'. " A
momentvof temptation came upon her
—the temrtation to throw up every
thing, as Tom Courtland had thrown
everything up, to abandon the hard
task, to rive up trying for the only
thing she*vanted. But Caylesham had
given her no such' invitation. He did
not want her— that was the plain Eng-
lish of it— and she did not want him in
the end either. She had loved the thing
and still loved the memory of it; but
she did not desire it again, because in
it there was no peace. She wanted a
friend — and John would not be one. No
body wanted her — except John; and be
cause he wanted her he was so hard
to her. But Frank Caylesham had been
in his turn too hard on John. She was
the only person who could realize John's
position and make allowances for him.
Yet all the light died out of her face as
she entered her home.
John was waiting for her. His mind
was full of how well things were going
in the city. In the old days this would
have been one of their . merry, happy,
united evenings. He would have told
her of his success and "stood" a dinner
and a. play, and brought her home in
the height of glee and good companion
ship, laughing at her sharp sayings and
admiring her dainty little face. All-thi3
was just what he wanted to do now,
and his life was as arid as hers for
want of the comradeship. But he would
not forgive; it seemed neither possible
nor self-respecting. That very weak
point in his case, with which Caylesham
had dealt so trenchantly/ made him a
great stickler for.. self-respect; nothing
must be done— nothing more— to make
her, think that he condoned her offense
or treated it lightly. It was part of her
punishment to hear nothing of the re
newed prosperity in the city, to know
nothing. of .his thoughts or his doings,
to bi locked out of his heart. This was
one side: the other was that obligation
to make full disclosure of all she did,
and of how her time was spent. She
must be, made to feel the thing In
these two ways every day. Yet he con
sidered'that he was treating her very
mercifully; .he .was anxious to do that,
because he was all the time in his heart
afraid that she would throw Cayle
sham's money — the money which was
bringing the renewed prosperity— In his
face. ;
She faced the punishment with her
usual .courage and her unfailing humor.
There was open; irony in the mi
nuteness with which she catalogued
I - . • ■ . '
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALLl
her day's doings; she did not sit down,
but stood on the other side of his writ
ing table, upright and with her hands
.actually behind her— because she -liked
the school girl parallel which Cayle
sham had drawn. John saw the humor
and felt the irony, but he was helpless.
She did what she was told; he could
not control' the manner in which she
did it.
"And then I walked home — yes, walk
ed. Didn't take a bu3, or a tram, or a
steam engine. I just walked \ on my
two, legs, going about three miles an
hour, and — o'h, yes— taking one .wrong
turn which makes me five minutes later
than I ought to be. Quite a respecta
ble turn— Just out of the way, that's all.
May I go and get myself some tea?"
He did so want to tell her about the
successes in. the city. And in fact he
admired the courage* and liked the
irony. They were her own, and of her.
Doing justice was very-hard, with that
■provoking dainty face at once resent
ing and mocking at it. But justice
must be done; his grievance should not
be belittled. .
"I'm not stopping you getting your
self tea. Is it a crime to ask where" my
fife's been?"
It's mere prudence, I'm sure. Only
what makes you think I should tell you
the truth?"
She. had her tea now — a second tea —
and was sipping it leisurely.
"At any rate I know your account,
and if I heard anything different "
• "That's the method? .\\ see. '.' Her
tone softened. • "Don't \leUs
What's the^good? Had a good day' in
the city?"- , •:••.
"Just like other days," grunted John.
"Nothing particular?" • ,
"No." . :
"There never is now, is there?"
He made no answer. Opening the
evening paper, he began to read tit.
Christine knew what that meant.'^ Sav
ing what was unavoidable, he would
talk' to her no more that: night. ' t ;"■■
The wound to her vanity, her thwart*
ed affection, her sense of the absurdity
of such a way of living together, all
combined to urge her to take Cayle
sham's view of the position, and to act
lipon.it— to make the one reply, the one
defense, which was open to her. .-The
very words Vhich she would use came
into her. mind as she sat opposite to
John at dinner. Living on Caylesham's
generority — it would be scarcely an ex
aggeration to say that. And from. what
motive came the bounty? It would not
be hard to find words— stinging words —
to. define that. John could have no an
swer to them;they must shame him to
the. soul. At every sullen short word,
at every obstinate punitive silence,, the
temptation grew upon her. Knowing
that she knew all, how could he have
the effrontery to behave in this fash
ion? She steeled herself to the fight;
she was ready for it by the time dinner
was done and they were left alone,
John sitting in glum muteness as he
drank his port, Christine in her smart
evening frock, - displaying a prettmess
which won no approving glances now.
It was insufferable— she would do it!
Ah, but poor old John! He had been
through so \many worries, he had so
narrowly escaped dire calamity. He had
been forced Into a position so terrible.
And they had | been through so many
things together; they had been com
rades in fair and foul weather. . What
would be the look in. his | eyes when , he
heard that taunt from her? He would
say little, since there would, be little
to say — but he would give her a look
of such hopeless fierce misery. No;
in the end she was responsible for the
thing, and she murt bear the burden
of it. Caylesham's view might be;, the
man's view, perhaps the right view for
a man to take. It could not be the
woman's; the wife was not justified in
looking at it like that. . No, she couldn't
"do it. ,-'■ -V y.} .:"-■ ■■ \ . ':. 'V'-
But neither could- she go on living
like this. .Her. eyes rested thoughtfully
on him.' He was looking tired and Told.
Poor old John! ;f He wanted livening up,
some merriment, -'a little playful petting
to VwhichV he ..might • respond ; in his
roughly jocose, affectionately 'i homely
fashion— with his "old girl" and "old
lady" and so on. He never called her
"old girl" now. Would she hate it as
much now? She longed for it extraor
dinarily, since it would mark happiness
and forgetfulness Ln him. But it
seemed as if she would never hear it
again. Suddenly she broke out with a
passionate Question: .
"Are we to live like "this always?"
He did not seem startled; he an
swered slowly and ponderously; *"What
have vou to complain of? Do I say
anything?. Do I reproach you? Have I
made a- row? Look at .what I might
have done! Some people would think
you were very lucky."
"It makes you miserable as well as
me."
"You should have thought of all that
before." * , . •
He. took out a cigar and lit it, then
turned his chair ' half ' way . round from
the tableland began to read his paper
again. - Christine could not bear it; she
began to sob softly. He took no visi
ble notice of h»r; his eyes were fixed
on a paragraph and' he was reading
it over and over again, not following
in the least' what it meant. She rose
and walked toward the door; he re
mained motionless. • She came back to
ward him in a hesitating way.
"I want to speak to you," she said,
choking, down her sobs and regaining
composure. r ' »
He looked up now. There was fear in
his eyes, a hunted look which went to
her heart." At the least Invitation she
would have thrown herself on her_
knees by 'him and sought every. means
to comfort him. She was thinking only
of him now, and had forgotten Chyles
ham's gay attractiveness. And in face
of that look in his eves she could not
say a word about Caylesham's money.
"I'm going away for a little while,
John, I'm gpir.g to ask Sibylla to'let
me come down to Milldean for a bit."
"What do you want to go away for?"
"A change of air," she answered^
smiling decisively. "I can't bear this,
you know. It's . intolerable — ami . it's
absurd." . n ,
«l'Am I to blame for it?" '
"I'm not talking about who's to
blame. But I must go away." ■£:£-.
"How long do you want to stay
away?".
"Till you want me back — till you ask
me to .come back.'' He looked at her
questioningly. "It must be one thing
or the other," she went on.
"It's, for me to decide what it shall
be."
"Yes; which of the two possible
things. It's for you to decide that. But
this state of things isn't possible. If
you don't want me back, well, we must
make arrangements, rlf you ask me to
come back, you'll mean that you want
to forget all this wretchedness and be
really friends. Her feeling broke out.
"Yes, friends again," she repeated,
holding her arms out toward. him.
"You seem to think things are very
easily forgotten," he growled. s
, "God knows I don't^think so," she
said. "Do you really think that's what
I've learnt from life. John?"
"At any rate I've got to forget them
pretty easily!"
. She would hot trust herself to argue,
lest in the heat of contention the one
forbidden weapon 'should leap into her
hand. ,
"We can neither of. us forget. But
there's another thing," he said.
He would not give up his idea, his
theory of what she deserved and of
what morality demanded.
"You may go for a visit. I shall «x
pect you back in two or three weeks."
., : "Not?;back to this," she insisted. _.
He shrugged . his shoulders and held
the : paper up ;. between ' them.
" "If . you : don't want me back, well, I
shall -understand, that. But I shan't
comeback to this." She walked to. the*
door. and looked b,ack; she could > not
see , his ; face ; for the paper. , She made
a' little despairing .movement, with her
hands, but turned away again without
saying more and stole quietly out of
the room.
John Fanshaw dashed "his paper to
the ground and sprang to his feet. He
gave a long sigh. He had been In
mortal terror— he thought she was go-
Ing to talk about the money. That
peril was past. He flung his hardly
lighted cigar into the grate and walked
up and down the room in a frenzy of
unhappiness. Yes, that peril was past
—she had said nothing. But he knew
it was in her heart; and he knew how
It must appear to her. Heavens, did
it not appear like that to him? But
ehe should never know that he felt like
that about it. That would be to give
up his grievance, to abandon his su
periority, to admit that there was little
or nothing to choose between them—
between her, the sinner, and him, who
profited by the sin, whose salvation
the sin had" been, who knew, it had
been his salvation and had accepted
salvation from <it. No, no; he must
never acknowledge that. He must stick
to his position. It was monstrous to
think he would own that his guilt was
comparable to hers.
He sank back Into his chair again
and looked round the empty room. He
thought of Christine upstairs, alone
tco. What a state of things! "Why
did she? My God, why did she?" he
muttered, and then fell to lashing him
self once more into a useless fury,
pricking his anger lest it should sleep,
setting imagination to work on recol
l?ction, torturing himself, living again
through the time of her treachery, elab
orating all his grievance — lest by
chance she should seem less of a sin
ner than before, lest by chance his own
art should loom too large, lest by
chance he might be weak and open his
heart and find forgiveness for his wife
and comrade.
"By God, she had no excuse!" he
muttered, striking the table with his
fist. "And I— why. the thing was set
tled before I knew. It was. settled, I
say!" Then he thought that If things
went on doing well he would be able to
pay Caylesham sooner than the letter
of his bond demanded. Then, when he
had paid -Caylesham off — ah, then the
superiority would be in no danger,
there would be no taunt to fear. Why,
yes, he would pay Caylesham off quite
soon. Because things were going so
well. Now, to-day, in the city, what
a stroke he had made! If he were to
tell Christine that—! For a moment
he smiled, thinking how she would pat
his cheek and say. "Clever old John!"
in her pretty half-derisive way; how
she would —
He broke off with a groan. No, by
heaven, he'd tell her nothing! His life
was nothing to her— thanks to what
she's done — to what she had done. Oh,
he did well to be angry!— Even to think
of what she had done—!
So he struggled, lest perchance for
giveness and comradeship should win
the day.
CHAPTER XX.
The Hour of Wrath.
As soon as the first shot was fired
Tom Courtland struck his flag. There
was no fight in him. His career was
compromised, and *by now his affairs
were seriously involved. He resigned
his seat; he wasn't goins to wait to be
turned out, he said, either by divorce
or by bankruptcy, or by both at once.
He never went home now. As a last
concession to appearances, he took a
room at his c'.ub. Airs. Bolton now
ursed him to fight— since things had
Cone so far. Of course he would have
to tell lies; but there were ,circum
stances in which everybody told lies.
She was ready to back him through
thick and thin. If they could get Lady
Harriet into the box and cross-examine
her thoroughly, they could rely on a
great deal of sympathy from a jury of
husbands.' It was really a. good fight
ing case— given the lies, of course. She
urged" fighting, -which was unselfish of
her from one point of view, since an
undefended case would do her little
real harm, while a cross-examination
in open court could not be a pleasant
ordeal for her, any more than it ought
to be for Harriet Courtland. But she
liked Tom — although incurable habit
had caused her to make his affairs so
involved— and she hated that Harriet
should "have a walkover." She was an
gry with Tom because he gave in di
rectly, and took it all "lying down." as
she said. But Tom was broken; he
could "only, mutter that he did not
"care a damn" what they did; it was
all over for him. . His bristly hair be
gan to turn a dull gray in these trou
blesome days. When he was not with
Mrs. Bolton he was haunting -, the
streets and parks, hoping he might
meet his girls taking their walk with
the maid or with Suzette Bligh. Such
stray encounters were his only chance
of seeing them now — the only chance of
ever seeing them in the future, he sup
posed, unless the court . gave him "ac
cess." And much pleasure there would
be in access, with Harriet to tell them
the sort of man he was before every
*uch visit as the law might charingly
dole out to him! He grumbled discon
solately about everything — the suit, his
affairs, his children, the access, all of
it— to Mrs. Bolton, but he did and at
tempted nothing. He was in a condi
tion of moral collapse.
Harriet Courtland's state was even
worse. She was almost unapproach
able by the children and Suzette Bligh
— -and none other tried to approach her.
She had no friends left. Not -one of
Tom's set was on her side; she had
wearied them all out. The last to keep
up the forms of friendship had been
Christine Fanshaw. -Now that was at
an end, too. She had heard nothing
from Christine. From the day of
John's visit there had been absolute
silence. She knew well what that
meant # She brooded fiercely over what
she had done to Christine— her one re
maining friend — had done not because
she wanted to hurt Christine or to lose
her friendship, had done with no rea
sonable motive at all, but just in blind
rage, because In her fury she wanted
to strike and wound John, and this had
been the readiest and sharpest *veapon.
She could not get what she had done
out of her head; she was driven to see
what a light it cast on the history of
her own home: it showed her the sort
of woman she was. But she held on
her way, and pressed on her suit.
Realizing what she was bred in her no
desire to change. There . was no
changing such a woman as she
was— a crushed woman, as • she
called herself again, and again.. So
there she sat, alone in her room,
save when her nervous children
came perforce to cower before her — alone
in the ruin she had made, in bitter
wrath with all -about her, in bitterest
wrath with herself. She was a terror
in the house and knew it. Nobody in
the house loved her now— nay, nobody
in the world. It had come to this be
cause of her evil rage. And the rage
was not satiated; it had an appetite
still for every misfortune and every
shame which was to afflict and dis
grace her husband. In that lay now
her only pleasure;* her so-le joy was
to give paini. Yet the thought that her
girls had ceased to love her, or had
come to hate her. drove her to a frenzy
of anger and wretchedness. What had
they to complain of? How dared they
not love her? She exacted signs of love
from them. They dared not refuse a
kiss for fear of a blow being given in
its place; but Harriet knew now why
they kissed her and accepted her kisses.
"Little hypocrites," she would* mut
ter when they went out, accusing the
work of her own hands. But they
should love her — aye, and they should
hate their father. She swore they
should at least hate their father, even
if they only pretended to love her. The
woman grew half mad at the idea that
in their hearts they loved their father,
pitied, him. thought him ill used,
grieved because he came no more; that
they were in their hearts on 'their
father's side and against her. She
wished they were older so that they
could be told all about the case. Well,
they shoukkbe told even now, if need
be, if that proved - the only way of
rooting the love of their father out
of their hearts.
An evil case for these poor children!
They had no comfort save in gentle
colorless Suzette Bligh. To all her
friends she had seemed a superfluous
person. She used to be invited Just to
balance dinner parties, or on a stray
impulse of kindness. But fate had
found other work for her now. The
once superfluous woman was all the
consolation these three children had;
any love they got she gave them. She
stood between them and desolation. She
warned them what te nper their mother
was in, whether it were safe to ap
proach her, and with wliat demeanor.
More than once her love gave the
meek creature courage, and she stood
between them and wrath. Lamentable
as the state of affairs was, Suzette had
found a new joy in life. She took these
children into her life and her heart,
and became as a mother to them. Grad
ually they grow to love her.
But none the less— perhaps all the
more — they tormented her, bringing to
her all the doubts and questions which
were ri$c in their minds. The porten
tous worc^'dlvorce" had come to their
ears— Harriet was not careful in her
use of it. They connected It quickly
with their father's now continuous ab
sence. Whatever else it might mean —
and they thought it meant something
bad for their father, to be suffered at
the hands of their mother— they under
stood it at least to mean that he would
be with them no more. Suzette knew
nothing at all about "access," and
could only fence feebly with, their
questions; they ventured to put none
to Harriet. They grew clear that their
father had gone, and that they were to
be left to their mother.
One and all they declined such a coo*
elusion. They loved Tom; • they did
not love Harriet. Tom had always
been a refuge, sometimes a buffer. They
had no doubt of what they wanted.
They wanted to go to their father, and
to take Suzette Bligh with them. That
scheme conjured up the vision of a
happy' home, free from fear, where
kisses would be volunteered, not ex
acted, and the constant dread would
be nt> more.
"But we daren't tell mamma that."
said Sophy, in a tremble at the bare
idea::
Lucy shook her head; Vera's
eyes grew wide. They certainly
dared not go to Harriet with any
such communication as that. They
had been shrewd enough to see that
they were expected to hate their father.
Vera had been roughly turned out of
the room merely for mentioning hi3
name.
After much consultation, carried on
In a secrecy to which not even Suzette
was privy, a pian was laid. Thay would
write to their father and tell him that,
whether he were sentenced to divorce
cr not, they wanted to come and live
with him— and to bring Suzette if they
might.
"We • won't say anything about
mamma. He'll understand." Sophy ob
served.
Vera piped out in terror:
"But when mamma finds out?"
"We shall be gone, don't you see?"
cried Lucy. "We shall ask papa, to
meet us somewhere and he'll take us
with him and then just write and tell
mamma."
"He can say we're sorry when he
writes to tell mamma."
"Oh, yes, I see," said Vera. "It will
be splendid, won't it? I wish we could
tell Suzette!"
The elder girl3 were dead against
that. Suzette was a dear, but she was
t«o much afraid of mamma; the great
secret would no 4 be safe with her and
if it were discovered before they were
out of reach — significant nods expressed
that situation with absolute lucidity.
So Sophy — who wrote the best hand
squared her elbows and sat down to
her task in the schoolroom. A scout
was posted at the foot of the stairs,
another at the top. On the least alarm
the letter was to be destroyed and. the
scribe would be discovered busy on a
French exercise.
"Dearest papa," Sophy wrote, "we all
send our love and, please, we do not
want to stay here now that you have
gone away. Please let us come and
live with you. We promise not to be
troublesome and Suzette might come,
too, might not she, and look after us?
Dearest papa, do not make us stay
here. Because we love you and we
van^jo come and live with you. Please
tell us where to meet you and we win
make Suzette bring 41s and you can
take us home with you. Please let it
be soon. We do so want to see you.
Please do not make us stay here. We
each of us send you a kiss and are
your loving daughters."
The signatures were attached, the
letter closed and addressed to Tom's
club; they knew where that was, be
cause he had taken them to see it one
Sunday morning and they had admired
the great armchairs and all the won
derful big books. The same afternoon
Lucy broke away from SUzette. ran
across to a pillar post and dropped the
important missive in. She came back
with an air of devil-may-care triumph,
nodding at her sisters, frankly refusing
to tell Suzette anything about it. \
"You'll see Very soon," she promised
in mysterious triumph, and that even
ing the three had a wonderful talk over
the letter, speaking in low cautious
tones, agreeing that their manner must
be carefully guarded, that meekness
and affection toward their mother must
be tha order of the day and that ona of
them must always be on the watch for
the postman's coming, lest by chance
Tom's answer should fall Into the
hands of the enemy.
"Would she open It?" shuddered
Vera.
I expect she would." said Sophy.
They saw the danger and the hours
were anxious. But they tasted some
of the delights of conspiracy, too. And
hope was on the horizon. One more
"row " could be endured if after that
tho doora were open to freedom.
Tom's heart was touchsd by tha
little scrawl, written on a sheet torn
from a copy book. In his broken
down ■ state he was inclined to
be maudlin over it. He carried
it to Mrs. Bolton and showed it to her.
saying that he could not be such a bad"
chap after all if the little ones loved
him like that, pitying them because
they were exposed to Harriet's tempera,
bewailing his own inability to help them
or to comply with their artless request.
"I shouldn't be allowed to keep
them," he said ruefully, trying to
smooth his bristly hair.
Mrs. Bolton made a show of sympa
thy, and was in fact sorry for him.
but she did not encourage any idea of
trying to take or keep them. He sug
gested smuggling them out of the Ju
risdiction. She was firm, if kindly, in
asking how he meant to support them.
Anyhow Lady Harriet could feed them!
Tom waa very much under her influ
ence and had no longer the strength of
will needed for any venturous plan.
The conclusion that he could do noth
ing was not long in coming home to
him.
"Bat I must write to the poor little
things," he said, "and tell them I shall
come and see them sometimes. That'll
comfort them. I'm glad they're so fond
of me. By Jove. I haven* t been a bad
father, you know!" He* read Sophy's
letter over again and laid it down on
Mrs. Bolton's mantelpiece. When he
went back to the club he forgot it and
left it there.
There Mrs. Bolton's friend. Miss Pat
tie Henderson (she was not married, to
Georgie Parmer.ter yet— negotiations
were pending with his family) found it.
and it was from her that a suggestion
came which appealed strongly to Mrs.
Bolton. As she drank her glass of port
Miss Henderson opined that it would be"a rare score" to send the letter to Har
riet Courtland. "It'll make her properly
furious," said Miss Pattie, finishing
her port with hearty enjoyment.
Mrs. Bolton caught at the notion.
Harriet was putting her to a great deal
of annoyance, and so was Tom's re
fusal to stand up tc Harriet. It was
meet and right that any person who
was in a position to give Harriet a dig
rhould give it. Neither of them thought
of what might be entailed on the little
folk who had dared to send the letter;
in the end they, had a very Inadequate
idea of the terror Harriet inspired. Mrs.
-Bolton laughed as she contemplated the
plan.
"Just stick in a word or two of your
own," Miss Pattie advised. "Something
spicy!"
Mrs. Bolton at once thought of sev
eral spicy little comments which would
add i>oin4 to Sophy's letter. One was
so spicy, so altogether satisfying to
Mrs. Bolton's soul and to Miss Pattie
Henderson's critical taste, that It was
Irresistible. It— and Sophy's letter
were posted to Harriet before lunch
that day. and Mrs. Bolton's eyes were
only opened at all to what she had
done when she told Caylesham (who
had dropped in In the afternoon) and
heard him exclaim:
"But, by Jove, she'll take It out of
thcie unhappy children, you know! I
cay, you don't know Harriet Courtland
or you'd never have don* that!"
His concern seemed so great that
Mrs. Bolton's heart was troubled. If
she did not upbraid herself, at any rate
Ehe denounced Miss Hendarson. But
what was to be done? Nothing could
be done. By now the letter must be al
ways in Harriet Courtland's hands.
Caylesham said a few plain words about
the matter, but hi* words could not
help now. They had. however, one ef
fect—they made Mrs. Bolton afraid to
let Tom know what she had done, and
che persuaded Cayleiham not to betray
her. When Tom next came she told
him that she had accidentally burned
Sophy's letter in mistake for one of her
own.
"Well, I've sent them an answer.
poor little beggars— under cover to Su
zette Bligh," said Tom. "But I'm sor
ry. I should have liked to keep that
letter of theirs. Flora."
"I know. Of course you would. I'm
eorry," said Mrs. Bolton, now feeling
very uncomfortable, although she had
not lost her pleasure at the idea of giv
ing Harriet such a fine dig.
Tom's letter reached its destination
first, and Suzette read it to the little
girls. He told them to behave well to
ward their mother, and to love her. He
said he was obliged to be away from
them now, but presently he would see
them and hoped to eee them very often,
and that they were not to forget to go
on loring him, because he loved them
very much.
Suzette's voice broke a little over the
letter, and the children listened in an
Intent and rather awed silence. They
were divided between relief tbat an an
swer had come safely, and depression
at what the answer was. But they un
derstood — or thought they did— that if
they were good they would presently be
allowed to see their father very often.
•That's what he means, isn't it?"
Lucy asked Suzette.
"Yes, dear, that's it," Suzette told
her, not knowing what elsa to tell her.
-We'd better burn papa's letter."
Sophy suggested.
•ihere was- no difference of opinion
about tlutt. Vera was accorded the
privilege of putting it in the fire, and
of stamping carefully on the ashes aft
erward.
"Because," she said, justifying this
precaution, "you remember the story
where the man was found out Just be
cause he didn't stamp on it after he'd
burnt it, Sophy!"
•'This was the last day on which
Tom Courtland was entitled to put a
defense to his wife's suit. He bad made
no sign. Harriet was the fiercer against
him. His ruin was not enough; she de
sired herself to see it made visible and
embodied in a trial whose every word
and proceeding should aggravate his
Ehame and satisfy her resentment. She
had nursed the thought of thato mak
ing pictures or him and of the woman
undergoing the ordeal and being brand
ed with guilt while all the world looked
on. Now Tom refused her this delight;
there would be no trial, because he
would not fight.
It was a fine moment for the letter to
arrive. The mine was all laid, only the
match was wanting. Harriet was
dressing for dinner when it came; her
maid Garrett was doing her hair beforfe
the glass. As she read, Garrett saw a
sudden change come over her face — one
quick flush, then a tight ratting of her
lips. Garrett knew the signs by expe
rience. Something in that letter had
upset her ladyship. Warily and gently
Garrett handled her ladyship's hair; if
she blundered in her task now, woe to
her, for her ladyship's temper was up
set- •
"Dearest papa, do not make us stay
here. Because we love you and we
want to come and live with you" —
'Please do not make us stay here."
"That was the truth of Ht. that was
what they really thought, those little
hypocrites, who came and kissed her
so obediently every morning and even
ing, those meek little creatures with
their "Yes, mamma dear," "No, dear
mamma," accepting all her commands
so docilely, returning her kisses so af
fectionately! All that w&s a show, &
sham, a device for deluding her, fpi
kepping her quiet, while they laid their
vile plots — none the less vile for being
eo idiotic — and sent their love to "dear
est pppa" — to that man, to Flora Bol
ton's lover — while they gave Flora Bol
ton the means of mocking and of tri
umphing over h«r.
She sat very still for awhile, but Gar
rett was not reassured. Garrett "knew
that the worst fits of all, took a little
time in coming. They worked them
selves up gradually.
"Is that to your ladyship's satisfac
tion?" asked Garrett as- she put the
laEt touches to her work. v
"No. it isn't," snarled Harriet. "No,
don't touch me again. Let it alone,
you clumsy fool."
Garrett went and took up the even
ing dress. Harriet Courtland rosa and
eiood for a moment with Sophy's let
ter to Torn in her hand.
"I'm going to the schoolroom for «a
few minutes. Wait here," Bhe said to
Garrett. and walked out of the room
slowly, taldns the letter with her. An
other slip of paper ehe tore into Bhreds
as she vent; that was Mrs. Bolton's
comment on the situation, as "spicy"
and as vulsar as Eh«s and Miss Pattie
Henderson could make it. Yet Har
j Jet was not now thinking of Mrs. Bol
ton.
Garrett stood where she was for a
moment, then stole cautiously after her
mistress. She knew the signs, and a
morb'.d curiosity possessed her. She
would have a sensational story to re
tail downstairs, if she could manage to
see or hear what happened— for beyond
a doubt something had put her lady
ship in cue of her tantrums. Pity for
the children struggled with Garrctt's
seductive anticipations of a«Vscene.".
Suzette Bligh was reading a story
aloud in the schoolroom when Harriet
marched in. She held the letter in her
hand. The children could make, and
had leisure to make, no conjecture how
the catastrophe had come about, but in
a flash all the little girls knew that it
was upon them. The letter and their
mother's face told them. Thev sat
looking at her with terrified eyes. <
"So you don't want to stay here?"
she eald sneeringly. "You want "to go
to your dearest papa? And you dare
to write that! Who wrote it? Was it
you, Lucy?"
"I— I didn't write it, mamma dear,"
siad Lucy. . : •'
Suzette rose in -distress.
"Dear Lady Harriet — " she began.
"Hold your tongue. So you wrote it,
Sophy? Yes, I see now it's your writ
ing. Oh, but you were alt in it, I sup
pose? So you love your papa. ••
• Garrett had stolen to within two, or
three yards of the door -now, and it
stood half open. She could hear all and
see something of what happened.'
"So you love your papa?" '-
Eophy had most courage. Desperate
courage came to her now.
"Yes. we do."
"And vou want to go to him?"
"Yes, mamma."- - . ■:
. "And you don't love me* You don't
want to stay with me?"
Sophy glanced for a moment at her
sisters.
"Papa's so kind to us," she said.- ; •;-
"And I'm not kind?" asked Harriet
with a sneering laugh. "When you're
older, mv dears, you'll thank mi for
having been kind— really kind. It's
really kind to teach you to play, these
tricks— these mean disgraceful little
tricks."
All the children rose slowly and
shrank back. They tried to g«t be
hind Suzette Bligh. Harriet laughed
again when Bhe saw the maneuver.
"You needn't stay, Suxette/' she said.
"I know how to manage my '.own chil
dren." ':-j-.;, v
Suzette was verv white, and was
trembling all over; It seemed as If her
legs would hardlv support her.
"What are you going to do?"
"It's no business of yours. . They
know very well. Leave me alone with
them."
It was a terrible moment for timid
Suzette. But love of the children had
laid hold of her heart a"nd gave her
strength.
"I can't go. Lady Harriet," she said
in a low voice. "I can't leave you alone
with them — not now." ■
"Not now?" cried Harriet fiercely.
"You're— you're not calni now. You're
not fit— "•
"You'd stand between, me and my
own children?" :■•■'
"Dear Lady Harriet, I— I can't go
away now." For she remembered so
vividly all that the children's reminis
cences, their nods . and „ nudges, had .
hinted to her; she realized all the
things which they had not told her;
and she would not leave them now.
Her resistance set the crown to Har
riet Courtland's rage. After an in
stant's pause she gave a half articulate
cry of anger and rushed forward.* .Su r
zette tried to gather the children be
hind her. and to thrust the angry wo-,
man away- But Harriet caught Sophy
by the arm and lifted her midway' in
the air. Garrett came right up to the
door and peeped through.
"So you, love papa and not me??
Sophy turned h^r. pale,. terrified little
face up to her mother's. The worst
had happened and the truth came out.
"No, we — we. hate you. . You're cruel
to us; .we hate you and- we love papa;"
Harriet's grip tightened on the child's
arms— Sophy's very audacity kept her
still for a moment. But at the next
she lifted her higher in the air. Suzette
sprang forward with a cry, and Gar
rett dashed into the room, shrieking,
"Don't, don't, my lady!"
They were too late. The child was
flung violently down; her head struck
the iron fender; she rolled over and
lay quite stljl, bleeding from the" fore
head. Suzette and Garrett caught Har
riet Courtland by the arms. A low
frightened weeping came from the
other two little girls. .„
Harriet stood for a moment in the^
grasp of the two women who soughf
to restrain her and would have thrown
themselves upon her had she tried to
move. But restraint was no more nec
essary. Sophy had ransomed her sis
ters, and lay so quiet, bleeding from
the head. In a loud voice Harriet-
Courtland cried, "Have I killed her?
Oh, my God!" and herself broke into a
tempest of hysterical sobbing. She fell
back Into Garrett's arms, shuddering, ,
weeping, now utterly collapsed.
Suzette went and knelt by Sophy.
"No, she's not dead, but it's no fault
of yours." she said. , •'
Harriet wrenched free from Garrett
and flung herself on. her knees by the
table, stretching her arms across ic
and beating her forehead on the wood.
The two children looked at her, won
dering and appalled.
CHAPTER XXI.
An Uncompromising Expression.
On the morning of her attempted*
flight and enforced return . a leaden
heaviness had clogged Sibylla's brain
and limbs. Her body was quick to re
cover; her thoughts were for long
drowsy and numb. . She seemed to '
have died to an old life without find*
ing a new one. Blake was to her as
a dead friend; she ;would see and
hear of him no more: she harbored
no idea of meeting him' again. The
bonds between them were finally rent. ■
This attitude toward him saved his
character from criticism and his
weakness from too close an examina
tion, while it left her free to * brood
in the security of despair oh all that
she had thought to find in him and on
the desolation his loss had made. The
instinctive love for her child, which,
had asserted itself while her intellect
was dormant, could , not prevail
against the sullen preoccupation of
reawaklng thoughts, or, if it . could .
penetrate into them, came no more
fresh and pure, but tainted with the
sorrow and the anger., which circled
round that innocent head. She was
tender, but in pity, not in pride; she
loved, but without Joy. The shadows
hung so dark about the qhild's cot.
They still hid from her eyfes the sin
of her own desertion, and hindered
the remorse which might best lead
her back to love unalloyed. Still she
arraigned not herself.- but ,only
Grantley and the inevitable. Grant-,
ley was the inevitable; there stood
jthe truth of it: she bowed her head
to the knowledge, but did not incline
her hdart to the lesson it . .had " to
teach. ' ■ , < .
Tet the knowledge counted; she
looked on Grantley with different eyes.
The revelation of himself, wrung from .
him by overwhelming necessity, did
its work. The resolve he had then
announced, presumptuous beyond the •
ri^ht of mortal man, less than human
in its cruelty, almost more than hu
man in its audacity of successful re-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
volt against destiny,.. might leave -him
hateful stiJLl, but showed him not neg^
lierible.. He could riot .be put on one
side, discarded, j eliminated : from her
life. . He was too biff for that.
Against her will he attracted her at?
tention and constrained her. interest!
The thought of what lay beneath his
suave demeanor sometimes appalled,
sometimes' amused and always fasci
nated her now. She saw that, her old
conception had erred;] it had been
too. negative in character; what ;he
could not do pr be or give;had seemed
the whole of the matter to her. In
the light of the revelation this was
wrong. The positive — a very consid
erable - positive — must be taken into
account. «. The pride she had loathed
was. not a barren self-conceit, nor
merely a sterile self-engrossment. It
had issue in an assurance almost su
pernatural and a courage above mor
ality. Sibylla's first relief came in the
reflection that, though she might have
married a: monster, at least she had
not given herself to a stick or a stone;
she was clear as to her ■ preferment
when the choice was reduced to that
alternative. • ■ , . ,
His behavior appealed to her hu
mor, too — that humor which could not
save, her from running away with
Blake under the spell of her Ideas,
but would certainly have made her
want to run away from him when the
glamour of the ideas had worn off.
The old perfection of manner found
a new ornament in his easy ignoring
of the whole affair. He referred to it
once only, then indirectly and because
he had a reason. He suggested apolo
getically that it would be well for
them to exchange remarks more freely
when the servants were waiting on
them at meals.
"It will prevent comment on recent
events," he added, as though that were
his- only reason. • % .
Sybilla '•' was deceived at first, but
presently detected another and more
Important . motive. The suggestion
marked the beginning of a new cam
paign on which his inexhaustible per
severance engaged. He. understood that
his wife accused him of hot taking her
into his confidence and of not making
her a partner* in. his life. ' He, was no
more minded than before that she
should have even plausible for
complaint. Starting, then, from-gen
eral topics and subjects arising -out of
the Journals of the day, he slid placidly
and dexterously" into frequent discus
sions of his own plans and doings, his
business, his work on the County Coun- '
cil, his Parliamentary ambitions, his
schemes for improving the property at
Milldean. Sibylla acknowledged the
cleverness of v these tactics- with a rue
ful, smile? She' had claimed 46 share'
his life; yet more of thesip topics hap
pened to seem to- hef^rather tedious.
But she was debarred from saying that
to Grantley; his retort' was so obvi
ous. She was often bored,' but she was
amused that boredom 'should be the
first result of the new method.
"I hope all this interests you?"
Grantley- would inquire politely. ,
"Of course, since it concerns you,"
equal politeness .obliged her to reply—
and not polIteness?only. ?)f . j She had to "be
interested; it had^been her theory, that
she would be.fher grievance- that 'she
had been denied the opportunity of be
ing. Nor could she make but whether
Grantley had any inkling of her sup
pressed Indifference to the County
Council. jftpdssp forth. Was he ■?exer
cising Aaisi^hiimor, too? Bbpgiio'nVSC;
not tell/Jjutjcurios^y ana amtiB^m^ii^i
tempered, tHeifaoldness of her
They ,£pC'bn?.really very weli<£iaft'JH~n-'
ner, and^efpeclally while thejeefvaot^
were iij/therrqpm; there was'sorttietim'<£«.-;
an awkward pause Just after tljeyjwere'"
left alimer'r But on the whole-tttefjrtfl
ing daily Intercourse went better "than
before Sibylla's flight — went indeed
fairly well, as it can generally be made
to if people, are well, bred and mod
erately humorous.
The great quarrel remained untouch
ed, no span bridged /the great chasm.
Grantley might consent to talk about
his County Council; -that was merely;
a polite Concession, invoiving'no admis
sion of guilt and acknowledging no
cuch wrong to his wife as could for a
moment Justify her action. When it
came to' deeper matters he was afflicted
with a. shame and helplessness which
seemed to paralyze him.. To gloss over
the absence of Jove, or.even of friend
ship, was a task at which he was apt
and tactful; to gain it back was work
of the heart— and here he -was* as-: yet
at a standstill. His instinct had told
him to work through' the child. But
if he caressed the child in order to con
ciliate Sibylla he: would do "a mean
thing, and yet not succeed in his decep
tion; he would admit a previous fault
and- gain no absolution by a calculated
and interested confession. " He could
not bring* himself to it. His .manner
to the child was as carelessly kind as
ever; and when Sibylla was there the
carelessness was almost more appar
ent than the kindness. Grantley's na
ture, was against him;. to do violence
.to it was a struggle. Ever ready to
be kind . he disliked to show emotion.
He ffilt it was being false to himself,
being a sham and a hypocrite. To be
gushing was abhorrent to him; to pre
tend tot gush surely touched a more
profound depth? His efforts achieved
no success; and he did not let Sibylla
perceive even the. efforts themselves.
For once his will, strong as it was, and
his clear perception were both power
less before his temper and the instincts
of his nature. The result was a dead
lock. Matters could not move.
Such was the Juncture of affairs when
Christine - Fanshaw "came to Milldean.
Perhaps, .only her resolve to escape
from the atmosphere of disgrace at
home could have brought her; for she
came in some trepidation, rather sur
prised that Sibylla had welcomed her,,
wondering whether the welcome was
of Sibylla's own free will. Had not
she betrayed Sibyllla? Was not she
resppnsible for the' frustration of the
great plan?- Yet an acute curiosity
mingled with and almost overpowered
her apprehensions, And she was pre
pared, to defend herself. The rumors
about t Walter Blake would be a
weapon, if she needed one—a weapon
effective, if cruel. As regards her own
treachery, '' she made haste- to throw
herself on Sibylla's mercy.
"Of cours.e you must have known it
was through me?" she ended.
"Oh, yes, I knew that, of course."
"Here's your letter — the one you
sent me to hand on to Grantley. He
wired me not to send it."
"Oh, I thought he'd read it," said
Sibylla thoughtfully
She took it and put it in her. pocket.
Christine looked at her with a smile.
"And yet you ask me to stay!" she
remarked. . •'. '■.'■■
Sibylla smiled mockingly.
"Since this household owes all its
happiness to you, it's only, fair that
you should come' and look at it."
"That's" not at all a 'comfortable
thing to say, Sibylla." \ - '
"No, it isn't, and it departs from our
principle, which.ds to, say ; nothing."
"That's, not always very comfortable
cither." ,
Christine was giving a thought to
her own affairs here.
"And we won't say anything more
about.what you did." Sibylla went on.
"We won't discuss whether you were
right, or whether I'm grateful, or any
thing of that sort."
"You ought to be."
"Or even whether I ought to be —
though, of course, you'd want to think
that." . >"v. r , ' '
Christine was -disappointed. In her
heart she had rather hoped to be put
on her defense- just enough to entitle
her to use her weapon and to tell some
of the truth about Watelr Blake.
Sibylla's attitude $ave her no exceuse.
Though she would say nothing
more about what Christine had done,
Sibylla waa easily, persuaded to break
the principle of silence about the main
affair. Christine's curiosity lost the
zest of difficult satisfaction; she had
the whole history for the asking. She
heard it, marveling at the want of re
ticence her friend displayed, seeking
how to reconcile this seeming im
modesty with the rest of her impres
sion of Sibylla. She recollected being
very shy and ashamed (in the midst
of her exultation) when she had let
Harriet Courtland worm out the seoret
of her love for Caylesham. Sibylla
was not ashamed — 6he was candid.
Sometimes she was excited, sometimes
she played the Judge; but she was
never abashed. Christine's wits sought
hard for an explanation of this. Sud
denly It 'came to her as she gazed on
Sibylla's pure face and far-away eyes.'
"My dear, you were , never in love
with him!" she cried.
If she hoped to surprise, or even
to win a compliment on her penetra
tion, she was utterly deceived.
"Oh, no!" said Sibylla. "In the way
you mean I've never been in love with
anybody except Grantley."
"Then why did you? Oh, tell me
about it!" Christine Implored.
"He appealed to my better feelings,"
Sibylla smiled back to her, mocking
again. "l'd give the world that' we
hadn't been stopped! No, I can't say
that, because— —"
"Well?"
"I think Grantley would have done
what he. said."
Christine was the last woman in the
world to. rest ignorant of what Grant
ley had said. Sibylla was again dis
appointingly ready to tell the whole
thing without any pressure worth men
tioning: ■ •
a "And you really, believe he would
have?" Christine half whispered when
.she had heard the story. -/V. . .
"If, I didn't believe it with my
whole' heart I shouldn't be here. I
should - be— well, ; somewhere— with,
Walter Blake."
"Thank God .you are not!" s V :.
"Why do you say that? The pro
prieties, Christine?" • • ■
"Oh, only partly; but don't you
think lightly of., them, all the same!
And the rest of the reasons don't mat
ter." Christine got up and walked
across ; the room and back again be
fore she' came to a stand opposite Si
bylla. "I call that a man worth being
in love with,", she 'said. ' ■"■ '. - -i
"Walter?" " .
"Heavens,; no! Grantley Imason.
Oh, I know he's your husband! ..But
still—"
Sibylla broke into 1 a gentle laugh.
"It has the attraction of the horri
ble," i Bhfe"admJtted. "He'd- have . done
it, yoii'khpwi" , /■•■■^•k\f.%
"It's } imedleval," saiclV\' Christine
fondlyiV i.'jAnd you were gofog," away
with" Walter Blake!" She'.drew^her
little :• finger up straight.."'^"Sibylla,
youVfe np- 4 >rwoman if you><Jdn't man
age^a^hifthriike that in the.'end.'>-He's
worth 'it, t'you know."; ;
."You mean, if I don't' let' him man
age me?" Sibylla was a little con
temptuous. "I don't care about tyr
rany, even - tempered by epigrams,"
she explained.
"Well, not when you only do the
epigrams," smiled Christine.
"That's not true. . I only ask a real
partnership." -
"You must begin by contributing all
you have." *
"I did. But- Grantley — "
, "Paid a composition? Oh yes, my
dear; men do. That's as old as By
ron anyhow." She came suddenly to
Sibylla and kissed her. "And you'd
be adorable, properly deluded."
• "You, shan't put It like that, Chris
tine."
'" "Yes;- 1 .will— and I r know '• he-* loves*
you." ; /
"He can't love anything — not re
ally."
"I shall watch him. Oh, my dear,
what a comfort to watch anybody be
sides John! Oh yes, I supposed you'd
better have my story, too. You'vs
had most of it before — without the
name. -But look away. I've no the
ories you know— and — well, I was in
love/'v.v; .\* :-".'=' -t.Y'';
She laughed a little, blushing red.
But her composure returned when she
had finished her confession.
"And now what do we think of one
another?" she asked with her usual
satirical little smile. "You don't
know? Oh, yes! You think me
rather wicked and I think you very
silly; that's about what it cornea to."
"I suppose, that is about it." Sibyl
la laughed' reluctantly.
"But I've repented, and you're only
going to repent."
'."Never!"
."Yes, you are! I take no credit for
having done it first. It's much easier
to repent of wickedness than of non
sense. The wickedness is much pleas
anter at the time and so seems much
worse afterward." .
"And you're in love with John?"
"Good heavens, no!" She pulled
herself up. "Well/ I don't know. If
I'm in love now it's not what I used
to mean by it. One gets to use words
so differently as time goes on."
"I, don't think I shall ever learn
that."
Destiny assumed Christina's small,
neat features for a moment in order
to answer sternly:
"But you must!"
It was the worst way of dealing
with Sibylla.
"I' won't!" she! answered in overt
rebellion, her cheek3: flushing, now as
her confession had not availed *to
make it flush. -- .
Christine did not fail to perceive the
comic element in the case — strong
enough, at all events, to serve as a re
lief to conversation, almost piquant
when Grantley conscientiously related
all .manner of uninteresting things in
order that Sibylla might be at liberty
to take an interest in them. But this
aspect , did not carry matters very far
or afford much | real consolation. Sub
stantially no progress was made. The
failure endured and. seemed to Chris
tine as complete as the devastation
wrought, In ,her own life. Nay, here
there was an aggravation. In her home
—she almost;. smiled to use the word
now— there was no child.' Here there
was' the boy. Her mind flew forward
to the time when he would wonderirigly
surmise, painfully guess, at last grow
Into knowledge.
And already the mind stirred in little
Frank. His intelligence grew, his af
fection blossomed as the first buds of a
flower. "He was no more merely a pas
sive object of love and care. He began
to know more than that he was nursed
and fed, more than th,at his right was
to 'these ministrations. The idea of the
reason dawned in him. He stretched
forth his hand no longer for bounty
only, but for the lnspirer of bounty—
for love. Strung to abnormal sensi
tiveness, Christine deluded herself with
the fancy that already he felt the
shadow over the house, that his young
soul was already chilled by the clouds
of anger and vainly cried for the sun
shine of sympathy. If she did not truly
see, yet she forsaw truly. Seeing and
foreseeing thus, she asked where was
the hope. And on this, with a bound,
her thoughts went back to her own
sorrow and back to poor lonely old
John' in London, all. by himself, with
nobody to talk to, nobody to congratu
late him on the success of his business,
nobody to open his heart to, alone -with
his grievance against her, alone with
the thought , that, notwithstanding his
grievance, he had taken Prank Cayle
sharn's money and grew prosperous
again;by the aid of it. '■•>■
When Christine had been at Milldean
a fortnight or so, business carried
Grantley to town. The change his de
parture made' was instantaneous and
striking. A weight was off the house,
the clouds dispersed. Sibylla was full
of gayety, and in that mood she could
make all about her share her mirth.
Above all, her devotion to Frank was
given full peln. The child was always
with her and she knew no happiness
save in evoking and responding to his
love. She was now open and ostenta
tious about it, fearing no frigid glances
and no ltiplied criticism of her fond
folly. Christine might well have found
new ground for despair, so plainly did
Sibylla display to her the blighting In
fluence of Grantley's presence. He it
was who froze up love — bo Sibylla de
clared with an impetuous, aggressive
openness. But Christine would not de
spair. A wholesome anger rose in her
heart and forbade despair. Her man
ner took on a coldness exceeding'Grant
ley's indifference. She would not be a
sharer in the -games, a partner In the
merriment, a sympathizer in the love.
Sibylla was hot slow to see how she
stood off and drew herself away. Quick
ly she sought for reasons. Was it that
Christine would not Join In what seem
ed .to be a league against Grantley? Or
■was there another reason? She had
told Christine how it-was through Wal
ter Blake's horror and not through her
scruples that little Frank had not been
left to : his fate. Did her love then
seem hypocrisy? That was not true-r
though it might be true that remorse
now had a share in it. The more the
child grew to life, the more horrible, be
came the thought that he might have
died. After a day or two of smolder
ing protest, she broke out on Chris
tine.
"You think I've no right to love him,"
she asked, "after what I was ready to
do? Is that what you think? Oh, speak
out plainly! -I see you've got something:
against me."
Christine was cold and composed.
Never had her delicately critical man
ner been more pronounced.
'/I'm sure I hope you repent," she
observed meditatively; "and I hope you
thank heaven' that man was what he
turned put to be." • ' •
"Well, call it repentance then. I sup
pose rl've a right to repent? You can't
understand hew I. really feel. But if it
is repentance .why need you discourage
it?",,
"I, don't discourage repentance, and
I'm glad you're beginning to see that
you ought to repent. But it's not that
I'm thinking of." ;./'.• ;%'* :
"What are you thinking of, then?"
cried Sibylla , in unrestrained impa
tience. ,. . • : •
"You're -prepared for an open quar
rel?" .-.. . . , . _
Her smile was rather disdainful.
"No, you won't quarrel with me; I'm
not, of enough importance to you! I'm
very glad I'm not, you know. Being
important to you doesn't seem to be
consistent <wlth being an independent
creature." * . ■ ... . „ .v
Sibylla glanced at her in arrested at
tention. . >" ; ; ---i-i- ."■ '•'; \r'/
"What do you mean by that?" ' she
asked in low, quick tones.* The charge
.was so strangely- like that which she
was forever formulating against
Grantley. Now Christine leveled it at
her. ■ , ■"■.-.'•• -'.-:■:
"You call Grantley selfish." Christine
went on. "You're just as bad yourself.—
yes, worse. He is trying to be different,
I believe. Oh, I admit the poor man
doesn't do it very well— he gets very
little encouragement. But are you try
ing? No! You're quite content with
yourself. You've done no wrong. Well,
perhaps it was a little questionable to
be ready to leave Frank to die! But
even that would be all right if only I
could understand it!"
"You'd better go on now,"- said Sibyl
la quietly.
•'Yes, I will go on; I am gping on.
You were ready to leave the child. to
die sooner than go on living as you'd
been living? Isn't that how you put it?
You were willing to give his life to pre
vent that? Well, are you willing to give
any of your own life, any of your way
of thinking, any of what you call your
nature, or your temperament, or what
not?. Not, a bit of it! You can love
Frank when there's no danger of
Grantley's thinking it may mean that
you "could" forgive him! As soon as
there's any danger of that, you draw
back. You use the unhappy child as a
shield between Grantley and yourself,
as a weapon against Grantley. Yes,
you do, Sibylla. Whenever you're in
clined to relent toward Grantley, you
go, and sit by that child'e cot and use
your love for him to fan your hatred
against Grantley. Isn't that true?"
Sibylla sat silent, with attentive
frightened eyes. This was a new pic
ture—waa It a true one? Ona feature of
it at least struck home with a terribly
true : seemlng, likeness of her own mind.
She used her love for her child to fan
her hatred against Grantley!
"You complain," Christine went on in
calm relentlessness. "of what Grantley
is to the child. That's a sham most of
the time. You're, thinking of what he
is to you. And even where it's true,
don't you do all you can to make him
feel as he does? Hevy is he to love what
you make the stalking-horse of 'your
grievances?" She turned on Sibylla
scornfully, almost fiercely now. "Your
husband; your son! the whole world,
aren't made for your emotions to go
sprawling over, Sibylla! You muat have
caught that idea from young Blake, I
think."
She walked/ off. to the window and
stood there, looking out. No "sound
camefrom Sibylla. Presently Christine
looked round rather nervously. She
had gone a little too " far, perhaps!
That phrase aboiit emotions "sprawl
ing" was— well, decidedly uncompro
mising. -She met Sibylla's eyes. They
wore a haunted look — as though some
peril walled her in and she found no
way to escape. Her voice trembled
as she faltered:
"Is" that what you really think of
me. Christine?"
"A bruised, reed thou shalt not
break." Christine had the wisdom to
remember that. Remorse must fall
short of despair, self-knowledge of
self-hatred, or there remains no pos
sibility of a rebound to hope and ef
fort. Christine came across to her
friend with hands outstretched.
"No, no. dear," she said, "not you
— not yourself! But the mood of
yours, the way you're going on. And,
true or false, isn't it what you. must
make Grantley think?"
Sibylla moved her hands in a rest
leas gesture, protesting against the
picture of herself — even thus soft
ened — denying its truth, fascinated by
it. . ■ •; y
"I don't know,", she murmured, "t
don't know. Christine, it's a horrible
idea!"
Christine fell on her knees bestda
her.
"If only you hadn't been so absurd
ly in love with him, my dear," she
whispered. • • j ,
CHAPTER XXII.
Aspiration and Common Sense.
Rumor spoke truly. Youngr Walter
Blake was back In town with an en
tirely new crop of aspirations matur
ing in the ready soil of his mind.
The flrit crop had not proved fortu
nate. It had brought him into a po
sition most disagreeable and humiliat
ing to reflect upon, and Into struggles
for which he felt himself little • fit. He
had been given time to meditate and
to cool — to cool even to shuddering
when he recalled that night in the
Sailors' Rest and pictured the tragedy
for which he had so nearly become re
sponsible. His old desires waning, his
aspirations were" transfigured at the
suggestion of a new attraction. He
had been on the wrong tack— that was
certain. Again virtue seemed to tri
umph in this admission. He no longer
desired to be made good— It was (as he
had conceived and attempted it) such a
stormy and soul-shaking process. Now
he desired to be kept good. He did not
now want a guiding star which ho was
to follow through every peril, over
threatening waves and through the
trough of an angry sea. The night at
the Sailors' Rest disposed of that meta
phor and that ideal. Now he wanted
an anchor by whose help ha might ride
out the storm, or a harbor whose placid
bosom should support his gently sway
ing bark. Strength, constancy and
common sense supplanted Imagination,
ardor and self-devotion as the requi
sites his life demanded. '.
Again Caylesham showed tact. He
would not' ask the lady's name. But
when Blake next dined with him, he en-
Joyed the metamorphosis, and silently
congratulated ; Grantley . Imason. ! i
"So it's St. George, Hanover Square,
and everything quite regular this time,
is It?" he asked with an Indulgent hu
mor. "Well, I fancy you're best suited
to that, Only take care!"
"You may be sure that the woman I
marry will be — ~" Blake began.
"Perfection? Oh, of course! That's
universal. But It's not enough." He
lay back comfortably' in his armchair,
enjoying h(s cigar: ''Not enough, my
boy! I may have two horses, and you
may have two horses, and each of my
horses may. be better than either of
your horses, but when we come to drlv-.
ing them, you may v have the better painT
Two good *uhs don't always" make a
good pair." He grew quite interested
In his snbject— thanks, .-perhaps, to thd:
figure In which. he. clothed it. "They've 1
Sot to match,, both in their paces ami
their ways. They've got to go kindly
together, to like the feel of one an-'
other; don't you know? Each of 'em
may be as good as you like single, but'
they may. make — by Jove, yes! — the
devil of a bad pair! It's double.har
ness we're talking about, Blake, my
boy. Oh, you may think I know noth-'
ing about it. but I've seen a bit — Well,
that's not" a thing to boast about; but I
have seen a bit, you know." '.-"?;-. :.*,
"That's Just. what I've been think
ing'," said young Blake sagaciously. Ha
referred to Caylesham's doctrines, not
his experiences.- i.; ••■••-••• -.-,..•
"Oh, you've been thinking, have you?"
smiled Caylesham. "Come, a mUcker
then, I suppose?"
"I— I miscalculated. Well, we must
all learn by experience."
"Deuced lucky if we can!"
"There's no other way," Blake in
sisted. . V. -• . ..■
"Have I said there is?" He looked at
Blake in an amused knowledge. "Gol&s
In for the straight thing this time?"
Half in pride, half in shame, Blake
answered:
"Yes."
"Quite right too!" Caylesham was
very approving. m*ty
"Well, if, you say so—" began Blake,
laughing.
VQuite right for you, I mean." There
was a. touch of contempt somewhere in
his tone. "But don't, forget what I've
been saying. It's double harness, my
boy! Pace, my boy, and temper, and
the feel— the feel! All the things a fel
low never thinks about!"
"Well, you're a pretty preacher on
this subject!"
"I've heard a lot of things you never
have. Oh. well, you may hav« once,
perhaps." His glance was very acute,
and Blake flushed under it. "You're
well out of ttfat affair," Cayleaham
went on, dropping his mask of ignor
ance. "Oh. I don't want to know how
it happened. I expect I can guess." -
"What do you mean?" Blake's voice
sounded angry.
"You flunked it— eh?"
. It was a strong thing to say to a man
in your own house. But a sudden gust
of impatience had swept Caylesham
away. The young man was In the end
so . contemptible, so incapable of
strength, such a blarney over his weak
ness.
"Now don't glare at me; I'm not
afraid. You tackled* too big a Job, I
fancy. -Oh. I'm not asking questions,
you know." He got up and patted
Blake's shoulder. "Don't mind me.
You're doing quite right. Hope you
won't find it impossibly dull!"
Blake's bad temper vanished. He be
gan to laugh.
"That's right," said Caylesham. "I'm
too old to convert, and nearly too old
to fight; but \'U be your best man,
Walter."
"It'll keep me straight. Caylesham."
"Lord- bless you, so- it will:"
He chuckled in irrepressible amuse
ment. •-•'•-- • "j - - V -*—!■;*>
"The other thing's no go!" v
"No more it Is. " It needs No, I'm
not going to be immoral any more. 'Go
ahead! You're made for double harness,
Walter. Choose her 4 well; you'll have
to learn her paces, you know."
''Or she mine?"
Blake was a little on his dignity
again. . -' .
"Have another whisky and soda "
said Caylesham, with admirable tact
His advice, meant as precautionary
proved provocative. Memory worked
with it— the carklng memory of a fall-ore of courage. Blake might blarney
as he would about awakened conscience,
but Caylesham. had put his finger on
the sore spot. Pleasure's potentiality
of tragedy had asserted itself. It had
bter-. supremely disconcerting to dis
cover and recognize its existence.-
Yctngf Blake was for morality now —
not so much because its eyes were
turned upward as for the blameless
security of Its embrace. He had-suf
fered such a scare. He really wondered
how Caylesham had managed to stand
the strain of pleasing himself — with
the sudden tragic potentialities of it.
He paid unwilling homage to the qual
ities necessary for vice— for candid un
masquerading vice; he knew all about"
the other species.
Yet he was not hard on Sibylla. He
recognized her temperament, her un
hap- - circumstances, and his own per
sonal attractions. What he did not
recognize was the impression of him
self which that night in the Sailors'
Rest might leave on her. He conceived
an idea of his own magnanimity rest
ing In her mind— yes. though such a
notion could gain no comfortable foot
ing in his.
Caylesham let him go without more
advice — though he had half a mind to
tell him not to marry a pretty woman.
'"Oh. well, in his present mood he
won't; and It would do him lots of
good if he did." the impenitent, clear
sighted, good-humored sinner reflected,
with all the meaning which his experi
ence could put into the words. He was
of opinion that for certain people the
only chance of salvation lay in suffer
ing gross injustice. "If what a fellow
brings on himself is justice," he used to
say. He always maintained that fel
lows brought it on themselves — an ex
piring gasp of conscience, perhaps.
Gossip and conjecture had played so
much with Walter Blake's name that
Mrg. Selford had at first been shy of
his approaches and chary of her wel
come. "We muet think of Anna," she
had said to her husband. But think
ing of or for Anna was rapidly becom
ing superfluous. The young woman
took that department to herself. Her
Stylishness grew marvelou/ly. and im
posed a yoke of admiring submission.
It was an extraordinary change from
the awkward, dowdy, suppressed girl to
this excellently appointed product. The
liberty so tardily conceded was making
up for lost time, and bade fair to trans
form itself into a tyranny. JThe parents
■were ready subjects, and cast back
from the theories of to-day a delusive
light on the practices of the past. They
concluded that they had always in
dulged Anna, and that the result was
most satisfactory. Then they must in
dulge her still. So Blake's visits went
on, and the welcome became cordial.
For Anna was quite clear that she at
least had nothing against Blake. His
attraction for her was not * what had
been his charm in Sibylla's eyes. Her
For the purpose of encouraging California and Western writers. E-3Ch Week for the Best* = XT . ■ . ' .
by offering a consideration for short stories equal to that paid by the • .No story wnl be considered that is less than 2500 nor more than
best magazines, and for the purpose of bringing young and unknown _F% « W **&, «=fc S»B%> 0* AA _#^ TOfc «S m £? 0 .° * oras »n -lexiKth. The length of the story must be marked in
writers to the front, the Sunday Call announces a weekly fiction con- TO^ jL JS £[^m jjlw H >fflj. M B-^U EUP plain ngures.
test in which a cash prize of $50 will be paid each week for the best "^ HlH & Sf SflL U ». l3 *1 W S 0T%V. E t »u 1 .- e •„ t^ ,
story submitted. There is no section of America more fertile in ma-' \J? £ £ A^ & V^ & «^» A . In the selection of stones names will not count. The unknown
tcrial for fiction or more prolific in pens gifted to give spirit to the ' writer will have the same standing as the popular author.
material at hand than is California and the West. Therefore the Sur.- « l ll1
day Call offers $50 for the best story submitted each week by a West- . _Sj- • ,^, JB&S3& As one oi thc °bi e cts of the Sunday Call is to develop a new corps
em writer. Stories of Western life end Western characters will, as a y^PsJ&ifflk *i<EKs&4S^_» 48&?£&&k °* T<^ cstcrn writers no stories under noms de plume will be considered,
rule, be given thc preference, but Ml strong stories, and especially Ha fclaiPti 'sSfMala a story earn s publication it will be well worth the writer's name,
strong stories by new writers, will receive careful consideration. IftsSsJ^^ «v®££tik. " 1^9' WM - 'Wv&rll^ »; I V/ -.-.._-
Each story will be iudsed strictly upon its literary merit. Type- »*5^>Iis - 'fjjgi' * Stories not accepted will be returned at once. Those selected
written copy is the easiest to re4d and will receive the first consider- jPSli W« sH f&SL jPI HneSI W1 -' c P UD^ s^- e d one each week.
ation from the editor, but do not hesitate to send a story in hand- «§¥L-Jtlsa t^fjfcjJSM * ':¥?'■+ -^"- '* ■'■?■' V/
writing if you cannot afford to have it typewritten. '^MBIEaiar * TftMaatJ This fiction contest will be continued indefinitely. •
Fifty dollars in cash for a story of not less than 2500 words and «K^Kr Wmsw.y iflB_U_yr . \/I
not more than 3.S00 words is approximately S17 per thousand words. " - ../ . An author may submit as many manuscripts as he desires, bat no
or 1.7 cents per word. The hiehest price paid by the leading magazines . one writer will be permitted to win more than three prizes during the
for the work of any but the very best writers is rarely more than ==SublIUtteu tO the ■ - contest.
two cents a word, more often one cent and- a ha!f, and generally one • V/II
c?nt. With the majority of magaziner. the writer, after his story is ac- _p^ «? V «Qv y 'SPx ''Bk. V _j^\ Sk W W Always inclose return postage. No manuscripts will be returned
cepted, is compelled to wait, until the publication of his story before H 1 j^J H« JT&. ■ MyL N nl unless accompanied by " return postage.
he is paid, .a period of seldom less than six months, and usually from %*JH I \§ Jl_y K^L It jPtL H. ._# sL^ <S Will
nine months to a year. Thc stories accepted in this contest will be VrfP A \l 6»s& A &--/A;,: A 4k A&;mrif y Write on one side of Daper only; pu v name and address legibly on
paid for immediately upon publication, end will be published on the jast page, and address to the SUNDAY EDITOR OF THE CALL.
first Sunday following the iudring of the week's manuscripts. • SAM PRANr.TSCOf.AL
Zp 3 U Zp D U
impulse w not to reform;, it was to
conquer. But gossip and conjecture as
to his past life were as good incentives
to the one task as to the other. His
good looks, his air of fashion, his
comfortable means, helped the work.
He widened the horizon of men
for her, and made her out of
conceit with her first achievements.
She was content that Jeremy should
disappear from her court; she became
contemptuously impatient .. of Alec
Turner's suit. She was fastidious and
worldly 'wise.
Again Mrs. Selford rejoiced. She
had been in some consternation over
Alec Turner's now dbvious attachment,
coming Just at the time, when. Anna
had established the right'' to, please
herself. Suppose her nrst:,iise of lib
erty had been to throw hefself.away?
For to what end be stylish if you are
going to marry on £15O a year? But
Anna was quite safe-^strangely safe,
Mr?. Selford thought in . her heart,
though she rebuked the wonder. Al
most unkindly safe, she thought some
times, as she strove to soften the blows
■which fell on poor Alec — since, so soon
a* he ceased to be dangerous, he be
came an object of compassion.' 1
"Anna is so sensible," she said to
Selford. "She's quite free from the
fcilliness that girls so often show," but
she sighed Just a little as she spoke.
"She'd make a good wife for any
mart," declared Selford proudly — 3.
general declaration in flat contradic
tion to Caylesham's theories about
double harness. - '
Anna paid »no heed to opinions or
comments. She went about her busi
ness and managed it with Instinctive
skill. It sometimes puzzled poor Alec-
Turner to think why his presence was
EC often requested, when his arrival
evoked so little enthusiasm. He did
not realize the part he played in Anna's
scheme, nor how his visits were to ap
pear to Walter Blake. Anna's general
ship had thought all th^s out. The ex
hibition of Alec was a subsidiary move
in the great strategic conception of
rapturing Walter Blake on the re
bound from Sibylla. _., '..-
But the pawn was not docile, and
obje ted violently so soon as its func
tion began to be apparent. Anna pre
cipitated what she did not desire— a
passionate avowal in which the" theme
of her own gifts and fascination was
intermingled with the ideal of influenc
ing *".e trend of public opinion from a
modest home and on a modest. Income.
She was told that she could be removed
from the vanities of life and. be her
true, her highest • self. When -, she
showed no inclination to accept the op
portunity thus indicated, Alec passed
through incredulity t« anger. Had he
cast his pearls before — well, at lnappre
ciatlve feet? At this tone Anna became
excusably huffy; to ■ refuse a young
man is not to deny all the higher moral
obligations. Besides Alec annoyed her
very much by assuming persistently
that the dictates of her heart called her
toward him, and that worldly consider
ations alone inspired her refusal.
"Oh, you're silly!" sh.e cried. "I tell
you it's nothing of the sort.".
The dusk of the afternoon softened
her 'eatures; the light of the fire threw
up in clear outline the stylish well
gowned figure. Poor Alec, in his shab
by mustard suit, stood opposite her,
his hands in his pockets, in dogged
misery and resentment, with all the
helpless angry surprise of a first ex
perience of this kind, fairly unable to
understand how it was that love did
not call forth love, obstinate in cling
ing to the theory > f another reason as
the sole explanation. Things did not
exist in vain. For what was his love?"
"But— but what am I to do?" he
stammeredf
Rather puzzled— after all, rather flat
tered—Anna prayed him to be sensible
and friendly. He consented to hope for
her happiness, though he was obvious
ly not sanguine about it. For himself
all was over! So he said as he flung out
of the room, knowing nothing of what
lay before him on the path of life; dis
cerning nothing of a certain daughter
of a poor old political writer— a little
round \vom-.n who made her own
gowns, was at once very thrifty
and very untidy, was inclined to think
that the rulers of the earth should be
forcibly exterminated, and lavished an
unstinted affection on every being, hu
man or brute, with which she was
ever brought into contact. And if she
did not greatly influence the trend of
public opinion— well, anyhow she tried
to. Just now, however. Alec knew
nothing about her; he was left to
think hopelessly of the trim figure and
.the lost Jdeals— the two things would
mix themselves up in his mind.
To his pathetic stormy presence there
succeeded Walter Bluke, with all his
accomplishment in the art of smooth
love making, with his aspirations
again nicely adjusted to the object of
his desires (he was so much cleverer
than poor Alec over that!), with his
power to flatter not only by love but
still more by relative weakness. He,
of course, did not run at the thing
as Alec had done. That would be
neither careful of the chances nor eco
nomical of the pleasure. Many a talk
was needed before his purpose became
certain or Anna could show any sign
of understanding it.
He dealt warily with her; he was
trying, unconsciously, perhaps, to per
form the task Caylesham had indi
cated to him— the task of learning her
paces and adapting his thereto. It was
part of his theory about her that she
must be approached with great cau
tion; and of course he knew that there
was one very delicate bit of ground.
How much had she heard about him
self and Sibylla? It Was long before
he mentioned Sibylla's name. At last
he ventured on throwing out a feeler.
Anna's- unruffled composure persuaded
him that slie knew nothing of the facts,
but her shrewd analysis of Sibylla
shewed. In his judgment, that she quite
understood the woman. It was the
dusk of the afternoon again (Anna
rather affected that time of day), and
Blake, with a sigh which might be
contidered as in the nature of a con
fession, ventured to say:
"I wish I could read peorle as you
can. 1 should have avoided a lot of
trouble."
I "You can read yourself, anyhow,
can't you?" asked Anna.
/'By Jove, that's good— that's very
'good! No, I don't know that I can.
But I expect you can read me. Miss
Selford. I shall have to come to you
for lessons, shan't I?"
"I'll tell you all the hard bits," she
laughed,
"You'll have to see a lot of me to
do that!"'
Anna was not quite so sure of the
need, but she did not propose lo stop
the game. * '.4
•' "Do I seem so very reluctant. to see
a lot of you?" she inquired.
Blake's eyes caught hers through, the
semi-dcrkness. She was aware of the
emotion with which he regarded her.
It f.und an answer in her, an answer
which for the moment upset both^Jier
coolness and her sense of mastery. She
had a , revelation, that her dominion,
not ' seriously threatened, would be
pleasantly ! checkered . by intervals of
an instinctive submission. This feel
ing almost smothered the element of
contempt which had hitherto mingled
in her liking for him and impaired 1 the
-pride of her. conquesL : ", '
"I was judging you by myself. Com
pared with me, you seem reluctant,'.'
he said in a low voice, coming a little
nearer to her. "But then it does me
a lot of ■ good to come and see you.
It's not only the pleasure I come for,
though that's very great. You keep
up my Ideals."
. "I'm so glad. The other day I was
told I'd ruined all somebody's | ideals.
Well, I oughtn't to have told you that,
I suppose; but it slipped out."
Things will slip out, if one takes care
to le%ve the door open.
She, was standing by the-table and
Blake was now close by her.
"Since I've known you—','
"Why, you've known me 'for years,
Mr. Blake!"
"No. I only knew a little girl till— till
I came back, to town this time." He
referred to that yachting cruise on
which he had ultimately started alone.
"But since then I've been a—different
sort of fellow. I want .to go on being
different, and you can help me." His
voice trembled; he was wrapped up in
his emotion and ■ abundantly sure, of
its sincerity.
Anna moved away a little, now
rather nervous, since no instinct, how-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
ever acute, can give quite the assur
ance that practice brings. But she was
very . triumphant, too, <i:;d moreover a
good deal touched. That break in
young Blake'fe voice had done him good
service before; it never became arti
ficial or overdone, thamts to his facul
ty of coming quite fresh to every new
emotional crisis; it was always most
happily natural.
"Anna!" he said^ holding out his
hands, with those skillfully appealing
eyes of his just penetrating to hers.
With a long drawn breath she gave
him her hand. He pressed it and be
gan to draw her cently toward him.
She yielded- to him slowly, thinking at
the last moment of what she had de
cided she would never think about an&
would show no wisdom in recalling.
The vision of another woman had shot
into her mind and for. a few seconds
gave her pause. Her hesitation was
short and left her self-confidence un
broken. What she had won she would
keep. The dead should bury its dead
— a thing it had declined- to do for
Chrixtine Fanshaw. "V* -
"Anna!" he said again. "Do you
want me to say. more? Isn't that say
ing it all? I can't «ay all of it, you
know."
She let him draw her slowly to him;
but she had spoken no word and was
not yet in his arms when the door
opened and she became aware of a
man standing on the threshold. Young
Blake, all engrossed, had noticed noth
ing, but he had perceived her yielding.
"Ah", my Anna" he whispered rap
turously.
"Hush" she hissed, drawing her hand
sharply away. "Is that you, Rieh-
Kichards was the Selfords' man scr
'a The man laughed.
"If you'd turn the light on, you could
not mistake me for auyoody so rcspec
ta.ble as Richards," he said. "I've been
with your father 1 in the study and he
told me I would find your mother here."
Anna recognized the voice.
"Mr. Imason, I didn't know you were
in London. ii -- v
"Just up for the day and I wanted
to see your father."
Anna moved to the switch and turned
on the light. She glanced hastily -at
young Blake. He had not moved; his
face was rather i - ed and he looked un
happy. Anna's feeling was one of pro
nounced anger against Grantley Ima
son. His appearance had ail the effect
of purposed malice; it made her feel
at once jealous and absurd. But it was
on her own behalf that she resented
it. She was not free from a willingness
that Blake should be made uneomfort-
able; so much discipline would be quite
wholesome for him. For her own part,
though, she wanted to get out of the
room. .
"May I ring for the real Richards
and — Oh, I bag your pardon, Blake,
how are you? May I ring fc-r the real
Richards and send word / to . your
mother, Anna?"
Grantley was, as usual, urbane and
unperturbed.
"I'll go and find her for you. I think
she's lying down."
'"Oh, .well, then— — "
"No. I know she'll want to see you,"
and Anna ran lightly out of the room.
Graiitley strolled to an armchair and
sank into it. He did not look at Blake,
nor, his formal ! greeting given, • appear
to be conscious of his presence.
Young Blake was. in a turmoil; He
hated to see Grantley; all the odious
thought of his failure and defeat was
brought back. He hated that Grant
ley should- have seen him making J.ove
to Anna Selford. for. in. his heart he
was conscious that he could not cheat
an outside vision as he could manage
to cheat himself. But both these feel
ings, if not swallowed up ln:fear, were
at least outdone by it. His £reat de
sire had been to settle . this" matter
finally and irrevocably before, a hint
of it came to the ears. either 5 of Grant
ley; or Sibylla. What would Grantley
do now?
"You saw us?" he asked in a sullen
anxious voice.
"I couldn't help it. I'm sorry," said
Grantley in colorless politeness. .
"Wen?" v>; ■■ . ;■;.
"I really don't understand your ques
tion, Blake. At least you seem to mean
it for a auestion," . .
"You do know what I mean. I'm not
going; to ask any favors of you. I only
want to know what you intend to do?"
"About what?" :, ~t;0 I
"About what you saw— and heard,
too, I suppose?"
Grantley rose' from his chair in a
leisurely fashion and stood with his
back to the fire. He was looking at
young Blake with a slight smile; Blake
grew redder under it. .
"Oh, I 'can't beat about the bush,"
Blake went on impatiently. ."You
might, if you chose, tell Miss Selford
what you know."
"Well?" said Grantley in his turn.
"And — and oh, you see what might
happen as well as I do. I— I meant to
—to explain at my own time;. but — '-"
"I shouldn't let \ the time come In a
hurry, Blake. It'll be a very awkward
quarter of an hour for both of you, and
quite unnecessary.'.*
"Unnecessary?" ;
There was a ring of hope in Blake's
voice; he liked to be told that any such
confession was unnecessary, and would
have welcomed such an assurance even
from. Grantley's hostile lips.
"Certainly; and equally unnecessary
that I should tell Anna anything." He
paused' a moment and then went on.
"In a different case I might think I had
a different duty— though, being what
you. might call an interested party, I
should consider carefully before I al
lowed myself to act on that view. But
as matters stand you -yourself hare
made any action on my part superflu
ous.". -Jy ..',•;
"I have?" " . .t:/"^'.--; :
"Oh, yes! You so far injured the
fame of the woman for whom you had
not afterward the pluck to fight • that
It's not necessary for me to .tell Sel
ford lhat you were in love with her
a few months before you made love
to his daughter, nor that you tried to
run away with her, but that in the end
you ftinked the job. I needn't tell him,
because he know?— and his wife- knows.
You took care of. that." . "
Young Blake said nothing, though he
opened his lips as if to speak;
"And I needn't tell Anna, either.
That's unnece?sary for the same rea
son. She knows just as well as her
father and mother know."
"She knows nothing, -I tell you. She
hasn't an idea " .. - -
"Did you see her face when she saw
thru 1— wasn't Richards?"
."I tell you — . She was embarrassed,
at course—But "
"She 'khc-svs «.uite wpII, 'Blake. .Oh,
r.ot the . details, but the main thing.
She knows that quite well. And she
will have made, her decision. There's
no duty incumbent on me."
"You'll say .nothing then?"
"I shall. say nothing at all." ■
' Grantley it-lapsed into «i>ence — a most
easy pelf-possessed silence. . His eyes
were on -young Blak? no. mere, but rest-'
ed placidly on one of Selforcl's best pic
tures on the opposite 'wall. Wake clear
ed his throat and shifted uneasily from
one fotrt to the ether. 4 .
"Why do you stay?" asked Grantley
mildly. "Wouldn't it be better to con
tinue your interview with- Anna elre
ivhere? Mrs. Selford's coming in here,
you see."
Biake broke out: ,. .": i~
"God knows, Imason. It's difficult. 'for
v me to say a word to you, but— : — ','
Grantley raised his hand a little.
"It's Impossible." ho said. J "There
can be no words between you and ms
about that. And what doe? it matter
to you what- 1 think? I shall hold my
tongue. And you'll feei sure I've no
real cause of complaint — quite sure if
only I hold my tongue. And I think
Anna will hold her tongue." Then you'll
forget she knows and go, on .posturing
before her with entire satisfaction to
yourself." He turned his eye? on him
and laughed a little. "As long as you
can humbug yourself or. anybody ejse.
or even' get other people^ to let you
think you're humbugging them you're
quite happy, you know."
Blake looked at him once . or twice,
but his tongue found no words. He
turned and walked toward the, door.
"Wait in the dining-room," said
Grantley. .^;. V . ■: J :.^'.^;\;yi
Blake went out without turning or
seeming to hear. After a: moment or
two Anna's step came down the stairs.
"Mamma'll be down directly, Mr. Im
ason," she /called as' she. reached ■ the
door. Then her eyes tc-ok in the room.
"Mr.— Mr. Blake?" she asked, .with a
sudden quick rush, of color to her
cheeks. ....
"I think you will find him in the din
,Ing-room," said Grantley, gravely.
■ She understood— and she did not lack
courage.' She had enough for two— for
herself and for Blake, rthe met Grant
ley's look fair and square, drawing up
her trim stylish figure to a. stiff rigid
ity, and setting her lips In a resolute
line. Grantley admired her attitude and
her open defiance' of him. He. smiled
at her in a confidential. mockery.
"Thanks, Mr. Imason, I'll took for
him. You'll be all right' till mamma
comes?" : ',
"Oh, yes, I shall '. e all right, thanks,
Anna." v <
He sn.iled still. Anna gave ' him an
other look of defiance.- •••-"" •'■-•
"I Intend to go my own way; I know
what I'm about. I don't care a pin
what you think." \ The- glance seemed
to Grantley as eloquent as Lord Burgh
ley's nod. And no more than Lord
Burghley did she spoil its effect by
words. She cave it to Grantley full
and square, then 'turned on her heel
and swung jauntily out of -the room.
Grantley's . smile vanished. He
screwed up his lips as4f he had tasted
something rather sour. ? '.
CHAPTER XXIII.
A Thing of Fear. . :
Grantley Imason had Intended .to go
down to Milldean that same evening,
but a summons from Tom Courtland
reached him, couched in such terms
that he could not hesitate to obey it.
He sought Tom at his club,the moment
he received the message.- Tom had
been sent for to his own- house in the
morning, and had heard what - had
happened there. ■ He had :■ seen 'the
wounded child and the other two ter
rified little, creatures.- Suezctte Bligh
Gave him her account. The doctor
told him that. Sophy was no longer in
danger, but that the matter was a
grave one — a very serious shock and
severe local injury; the child -would
recover with-care and with quiet, but
would always bear a mark " of the
wound, an ineffaceable scar. That was
the- conclusion, half good half bad,
reached after a. night of doubt whether
Sophy would not die . from the vio
lence and the shock.
"Did you see. your wife?" Grantley
asked. - ;<Vv y -• '-■-/-•'■
"See her? I should kill her if I saw
her," groaned Tom.
"But— but what's being done?"
, "She's In her room — she's been there
ever since it happened. Suzette's seen
her— nobody else. Nobody else will go
near her. Of course while. there -was-* a
doubt aboilt I Sophy— well, the doctor
made it a condition that she should
confine herself to her room, till the
thing took a definite turn. I hope
she's frightened at last. I don't know
what to do. The woman ought to be
hanged, Grantley." --• t ' -'■
But wrath and horror ; at his wife
were not the only -feelings in Tom's
mind; the way the thing had hap
pened raised other thoughts. He was
prostrate under the sense that the
fury which had smitten poor little
Sophy had been aimed at him; his
acts had inspired and directed it. He
had made his children's love for him
a -crime in their mother's eyes. All his
excuses.'-both false and real, failed him
now. His own, share in the tragedy of
his home was heavy and heinous in hi
eyes. ■ • l*."-':
"I ought to have remembered the
children," he kept repeating desperate
ly. He. ought to have stayed and
fought the' battle for and with them,
however hard the battle was. But he
had run away— to Mrs. Bolton— and
left them alone to endure tfie increased
fury of Harriot's rape. "I've been a
damned coward over it," he said, "and
this is what comes of it, Grantley!"
It was all true. Tom had not thought
of the children. Even though he loved
th?m, he had deserted them treacher-
ous.':-. because he had considered only
his own wrongs, and had been wrapped
up in his own personal quarrel with his
wife. What he had found unendurable
himself he had left those helpless lit
tle creatures to endure. All the argu
ments which, had seemed so strong to
justify or to palliate his resort to the
<Bolton refuge sounded weak and mean
to him new— and to Grantley too, who
had been used to rely, on them, lightly
accepting them with a man of the
world's easy philosophy. His friends
had almost encouraged Tom in his
treacherous desertion of his children;
they too had looked a.t nothing but the
merits of his quarrel with Harriet,
putting that by Itself in a false isola
tion from the total life of the family,
of. which it was in truth an integral
indivisible part. So Grantley meditated
as he listened to Tom's laments; and
the meditation was not without mean
ing and life for him also.
' Tom had a request to make of him —
that he would go round" to the house
and spend the evening there.
,"[ daren't trust myself near Harriet,"
he said, '•yul I'm uneasy with only
th<- servants there. They're all afraid
N of her. She was cowed, Suzette says,
while there was danger; but she may
break out again— anything might start
her again. If you could stay till she's
safely in bed "
"I'll stay all night, if necessary, old
fellow," said Grantley promptly.
"•It'll take a weight off my mind —
and I've got about enough to bear. I'm
going: to stay here, of course; so you'll
know where to find me if I'm wanted,
though I don't see what can happen
now."
.Terror brooded over the Courtlands'
house. , Grantley rejoiced to see how
his coihlng did something to lift the
cloud. The two children left Suzette's
side, (they loved her, but she seemed
to them a defense all too frail), and
came to him, standing on either side
of his knee and putting their hands in
his. The listening: strained look passed
out of their eyes as he talked to them.
Presently little Vera climbed up and
nestled en his knee, while Lucy leant
against his shoulder, and he got them
to prattle about happy things, old holi
days and bygone treats to which Tom
had taken them. At last Lucy laughed
merrily at some childish memory. The
sound • Vt'tnt - straight to Grantley's
heart: a great tenderness came upon
him. As he kissed them, his thoughts
flew to his own little son — the child who
had now begun to know love, to gTeet
It and to ask for it. How these poor
children prized even a decent kindness!
Grantley . seemed to himself .to have
done a fine day's work— as fine a day's
work as he had ever done in his life —
when ho sent them off to bed with
smiling lips and eyes relieved of dread.
"You s won't go away to-night, will
you?." Lucy, whispered as she kissed
him good night:
"Of course he's not going!" cried lit
tle Vera, bravely confident in the
strength of her helplessness.'
"No," I'll stay all night — all the whole
night," Grantley promised..
He made his camp in the library on
the ground floor, and there presently.
Suzette Bttgh came to see him. She
gave a good account of the wounded
child. Sophy slept; the capable cheery
woman who had come as nurse gave
her courage to sleep.
"We must get her away to the seaside
as soon as possible, and she'll get all
right, I think; though there must be a
mark always. And of course the per-
■*vTV
mancnt question remains. Isn't It all
hopeless, Mr. Imason?"*
"It's a terrible business for you to
be involved in."
"Oh, I can only thank heaven I was
here! But for me I believe she'd have
killed the child."
"What state is she in now?"
"I really den't know. She won't
speak to me. She sits quite still, just
staring at me. I jry to stay with her,
but. It's too dreadful. I can't help hat
ing her — and I think she knows it."
Grantley had some experience of com
ing: to know what people feel about
him.
"I expect she does," he nodded.
"What, will happen. Mr. Imason?"
"J don't know — except that the chil
dren mustn't stay with her. Is she
afraid of being prosecuted, do you
think?"
"She hasn't said anything about it.
No, she doesn't seem afraid;" I don't
think that's her feeling. But— but hep
eyes look awful. When I had to tell her
that the doctor had • forbidden her to
come near the children, and said
he would send the police into the house
if she tried to go to them — well. I've
never seen such an expression on any
human face before. She looked like —
like somebody in hell, Mr. Imason."
"Ah!" groaned Grantley with a jerk
of his head, as though he turned from
a fearful spectacle.
"I've just been with her. I persuaded
her to go to bed — she's not slept since
it happened, I know — and got her to le.£
mo heli> her to undress. Her maid
won't go to her, she's too frightened. I
hope she'll go to sleep, or really I think
she'll lose her senses." She paused and
then asked: '•Will this make any differ
ence in — in the proceedings?"
"Well, It gives Tom something to bar
gain with, doesn't It? But you can't
tell with her. The ordinary motives
may not appeal to her, any more than
the natural feelings. I hope it may be
possible to frighten her."
"Anyhow, the children won't have to
stay? You're sure of that?" .
"We must try hard for that," said
Grantley.
But Tom had Tnade even that more
difficult, because he had considered only
his own quarrel, and not thinking of
the children had run away to refuge
with Mrs. Bolton, saving his own skin
by treacherous flight.
Suzette bade Grantley good-night.
She, too, must sleep or her strength
would fail.
"You'll keep the door open?" she
asked. "And her room Is just over this.
You'll hear if she moves, though I don't
think she will. It is good of you, Mr.
Imason. We shall all sleep quietly to
night/ Oh, but how tired you'll be!"
"Not I." he smiled. "I've often sat up
till daylight on less worthy occasions.
You're the hero! You've come through
this finely."
Suzette's cheeks flushed at this praise.
"I do love the poor children," "she
said, as Grantley pressed her hand.
He sat down to his vigil. 0
[Continued Xext Sunday.]
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
Wise Mothers
AND
ObservmgFathers
Have Their Children Wear
Teddy Roosevelt*
Or
The Rough Rider
STOCKINGS
Made of the best double-
twisted American Thread; rein-
forced heel and toes and knee;
extra length; Jersey ribbed; in
summer and winter weight; vel-
vet finished; stainless black;
made right and fit right; a com-
fort giver to sensitive feet.
Should be called everlast-
ing; they wear that way.
All Sizes 25C
ONLY TO BE HAD HERE.
In& R-osen&erg
•* V^ 816 Market St.
And 11 O'Farrell StI
Mail Orders Solicited.THE SUNDAY CALL'S $50 A WEEK PRIZE STORY
Frank Cottria Kudr'iffr. author of
the prize i*orj* tor this week, "Ren
tuck Randall's lv«tau»." is a newspa-
P«t iiinn by training r.Ithonjrli at pres
mt occupying the position of chief of
title records in the Central Pacific
land department In this city. Mr.
IladelitTe. who comes of a family of
newspaper men. was at one time edi
tor of the Colusa Herald and later
was with the Sacramento Bee.
Len Low, author of "The Adoption
of IJttle Bell." the winner of last
week's prize. Is a resident of Sacra
xneato.
PARADISE FLAT was excited;
likewise disgusted. For the
third time within a year the
Marysvllle stage had been dis
seized of its valuable contents by a
gentleman who had employed on each
occasion the assistance of a stentorian
voice and a large, fat shotgun. The
persuasive eloquence of the voice and
the respect inspiring appearance of the
gun had always* produced their effect
fit the same spot, some ten miles below
the Flat, and invariably on a trip
when the stage was carrying a heavy
consignment of dun to Marysville. On
these bits of evidence, as well as the
further indubitable fact that "No two
fellers on this yerth could holler like
that ," Driver Hank
Dillard had based his conclusion that
"the same identical galoot done all
the Jobs."
Inasmuch as Wells.Fargo & Co. had
concluded after the successful termina
tion of the previous affairs that they
could no longer afford to conduct an
eleemosynary institution for the benefit
of peripatetic arsenals, they had dis
continued their service on Hank's line
and the third loss had fallen directly
upon the contributors of dust from the
Flat. This fact, coupled with. the In
formation that a traveler on the late
stage had so far upset the traditions
of modern Dick Turpinism as to have
taken a parting long-distance shot at
the highwayman, with the result that
he believed he had "winged him," did
not tend to allay popular excitement
in camp.
As soon as it was light on the fol
lowing morning the vigilance com
mittee had discovered a trail of blood
beginning at the scene of the alleged
"winging" and leading over a hill and
up a ravine that paralleled the Para
dise and Marysville road. Four miles
from town the blood had .ceased to
bo visible, but the foottracks continued
onward until they lost their Identity in
a well-worn trail, which led directly
into Paradise.
An hour later the "doctor" had re
ported to the committee that he had
just finished dressing a gunshot wound
iu the leg of "Kentuck" Randall, the
worthless proprietor of a worthless
claim at the lower end of the Flat.
During his residence in camp Ken
tuck's distinguishing: but Incongruous
characteristics had been a disinclina
tion to work and a surprising ability
in producing funds with which to buck
against "Parson" White's faro bank.
The doctor said Kentuck's Injury, ac
cording to hla own story, had been
sustained while he was extracting a
load from his gun, but he had seen
the weapon and he didn't allow that
shotguns ordinarily carried 41-caliber
bullets, and the doctor's practice being
largely confined to casualties inflicted
with this class of projectiles, his words
vere not without weight.
Two hours later, while a portion of
the committee commiserated with the
luckless Kentuck, another section of
that righteous body succeeded in un
earthing. Just back of his cabin, a
email but varied assortment of cans
and bags, all filled with dust and each
bearing the private mark of some res
ident of the Flat.
Three hours later Randall had mads
a full confession of. his iniauitous
course and the Jury had retired to con-
Eider of and concerning its verdict,
leaving a guard at the malefactor'*
door. The disgust heretofore mentioned
became apparent during the retirement
of the Jury.
"Ef the dern skunk had gone over
and robbed the Placervllle stage it
wouldn't have been so bad," said Par
son White, who, by common consent,
was the leader of the committee, "but
he must be ongrateful enough to steal
from gents he has been iivin' with and
which has always treated him white."
The verdict of the self-constituted
jury was such a foregone conclusion
that its retirement was a. proceeding
more perfunctory than necessary and
the arbiters of Kentuck's destiny soon
returned to the cabin.
"Kentuck," said Parson White, "the
committee, sittin' In Its wisdom, has
decided that you've done the meanest
thing on earth— you've stolen from
your friends."
"The special meanness consistin* of
the fact that I got their stuff before it
went Into your brace game." Interrupt
ed Kentuck. •
"The remarks is irrelevant and im
material," said the Parson, who was
not legally inexperienced, "but the
court is not disposed to deal harshly
with the defendant conslderin' he is of
few days and full of trouble. "Which I
was sayin', Kentuck, the Jury has
found you guilty of a heenious offense,
but these gents has got their money
l>ack, thanks to your foresight In bury
in* it where It could be found, and they
'will be lenient. Paradise Flat has
never hanged a man and don't want
to begin now "
"Tour sentiments does you credit,''
interjected the prisoner.
"So we've decided .vou can be shot
like a gentleman." continued Parson
While without noticing the interrup
tion.
"1 suppose there ain't no appeal,"
suggested Kentuck.
"There might be if there was anybody
to appeal to," responded the Parson,
adding apparently as an afterthought,
'•which there ain't."
"No, 1 thought not," said Randall,
meditatively. "Anyhow, I extend a
vote of thanks for your kindness.
Which one of you gents starts me ud
the flume, if it's any of my business?''
"That's been a sticker with the bovs.
Kentuck." answered the Parson. "You
see, none of 'em Jikes to plug a feller
what ain't allowed to draw in self
defense. It kinder seems like murder."
"It might have that appearance to
one who didn't understand the circum
stances," assented Kentuck.
"And so we've concluded as how
you'd better shove your own buck."
continued the representative of the
Flat's moral sentiment. "Any of the
boys will lend you a gun."
"Much obliged for the loan," said
the condemned man.
"Don't mention it," politely respond
ed the Parson. "You'd do as much
for any of us. Now don't think for
the world as how we are hurryin' you,
but It's gettin' late and most of the
boys has their chores to do." ,'.
"I understand," said Randall, t'and
I don't want anybody to be kept wait
in' on my account. Doc, will you
please tell me exactly where my giz
zard is?"
"Right here," said the doctor, step
ping forward and placing a finger on
tho blue woolen shirt directly over
Kentiick's heart.
"Thanks," said Randall. "I beg
your pardon, Doc, for havin' you fix up
my leg:, which I wouldn't have had it
dene If I'd knowed I wasn't goin' to
need it no more. By the way, I don't
suppose any gent has brought his bot
tle with him."
"Don't get sarcastic," said Parson
"White, as each man present promptly
offered a flask to the condemned.
Kentuck accepted the one proffered
by Bill Diggs, proprietor of the El Do
rado saloon, remarking that for once
in his life he believed he would like
bugjuice that wasn't half water, took
a long pull at its contents, then re
ceived from the Parson's hand a big
navy revolver and placed its muzzle on
the spot Indicated by the doctor.
"Good-by, boys," he said cheerfully.
"Here's hopin' for better luck next
There was a sharp report, a puff
of blue smoke ascended to the black
ened celling of the little cabin and the
crowd slowly and silently wended its
way to the El Dorado.
"From the spludge he's makin', Hank
must have a high-toned load on to
day," said a lounger in front of the
El Dorado one evening about two
months after the committee had in
duced "Kentuck" to effect his own de
mise. A few minutes later the speak
er's claims to prescience were fully
recognized, for Hank rattled up to the
door of the Flat's only hotel, threw his
lines to a hostler and, jumping down,
assisted to terra firma, with many a
gallant flourish, the daintiest morsel
of humanity Paradise had ever seen.
First a little foot was firmly planted
on the wheel, then about a sixteenth of
an inch of a bewitching ankle became
visible as Hank swung Its owner to
the ground, and as "Mam" Roberts
conducted her into the hostelry the
boys saw a petite figure and a profu
sion of golden curls, the whole appari
tion being clad In somber black.
Hank was Immediately Invited to
drink by the visible population of the
camp, and as the crowd lined up to the
bar the query, "Who Is Bhe?" as-
Balled him from all sides, but he wait
ed until the foothill dust was washed 1
from his capacious throat before he<
spolre.
"You fellers has got into & nice
box," he finally remarked, as he leaned (
his back against the bar. "She's Ken- (
tuck Randall's daughter and she's
come to look after her pap's estate." (
"Oh, Lord," groaned Bill Diggs. "Have \
another, boys; It's on me." .
"And you gents wants to treat her
white," Intimated Hank, accepting the I
Invitation, but taking no further notice .
of the interruption. "She's been tellln*
me all the way from Marysvllle what a <
good man her pap was, and, of course, \
I kinder had to agree with her, and I.
allow as how you fellers will stand in'
too when she ooens her bazoo. 8he(
says a kind friend of her pap wrote,
her about his passin' in his checks, but'
she didn't mention no names." /
"Fill 'em up again, Bill,", said Parson '
White. "I may as well tell you now,(
boys, It was me as wrote the little gal. (
I was chinnln' with the late lamented]
one day and learned as how he had an'
old woman and a kid in the States, and <
after his untimely takin" off I was look- /
in' over his things and found the gal's <
address. I didn't think it was any use
sayin' anything to you boys -about it,
but I Jest set down and wrote her as
how her dad had had an accident with
a shootin.iron and had blew hisself to
kingdom come, but, of course, I "didn't
calculate on her comin' out to take
charge of his property— which, between
me an' vou, ain't much. 'T any rate,
we'll have to let her down as easy as
we can."
The creater- portion" -of _the campi
boarded itself, but that: night every
mlner in the Flat evinced a determina
tion to sup at the hotel, and for an hour
Mosc Jacobs, .whose trade had hitherto
been confined mainlx to bacon and rub
l>er boots, was kept 'busy disposing of
bis six shopworn white shirts at fabu
lous prices. In fact, the demand for
these linen evidences of civilization so
far exceeded the supply that a bargain
was entered into with Mam Roberts,
who agreed to detain the young lady at
the table as long as she in conscience
rould, and there was not one of the
newly purchased garments that did not
da duty a second time, somewhat to
its detriment but greatly to the edifica
tion of its fortunate wearer. Then the
Flat, conscious of the fact that it had
done itself proud in a sartorial way,
drank long ar.d deep at Bill Diggs'
well-springs of joy and waited in tre
mendous anxiety for the' morrow.
The next morning Miss, ■' Randall,
through Mam Roberts, expressed " a de-'
sire to meet Parson White, ■ who " she
understood, was the lea*ling/Citizen;^of.
Paradise Flat, as well as ajfew- more
of the prominent inhabitants/There
fore an hour later the Parson, with five
lesser lights (there being only six white
shirts in camp), marched: into the little
parlor, where each man exerted him
self to get behind his fellow,- the ■ re
mainder of the Flat waiting the while
at the El Dorado to hear the result of
the conference. When the landlady, in
her best style, had performed the intro
ductory ceremonies the young lady,
who to the deputation of leading citi
zens bore the appearance of a blue
eyed, golden-haired angel, murmured a
few broken words of thanks to them
for the kindness which she knew from
their appearance they had extended to
her poor, dear papa, whereat each
member of the delegation felt strongly
disposed to exercise his pedal extremi
ties, not only on himself, but upon his
neighbor as well, as his mind reverted
to the past.
"Now to business," she finally re
marked. "Poor papa sent us so much
money while he was alive that'mamma
and 1 knew he must have left quite
an estate, so I concluded to brave the
hardships of the journey and come
out to take charge of it. Do you
know which bank he put his money
in?" •
"Parson White's" — began one of the
boys, but he was interrupted by a kick
in the shins and a volley of ferocious
looks and discreetly subsided.
"The gentleman was about to remark
that they had appointed me to be
spokesman." said the Parson. "I don't
really think your father put his money
.into any bank. You see, we ain't got
no banks here and the boys mostly
takes care of their own money."
"When they are lucky," muttered
one of the delegation.
"Then pqssibly papa burled his 1
money," suggested Miss Randall.
"Possibly/* gravely assented the en-"
tire crowd.
"He was successful, was he not?"
queried the girl.
"Well, fairly," said the Parson.
"When the other boys done well, he
done well." I
"But didn't he have & good claim?"
asked Miss Randall.
"Well, it wan't the best In camp,"
answered Parson White, "and so he
occasionally relieved the other gents
and made a little that way, but h«
were not of a savin' disposition, gen-
, O-f FRESH and suggestive phrase
f I has recently come from the pen
r~"| of the brilliant young Scotch
I writer, John Kelman, who
speaks of life as an affair of
honor. How fruitful in suggestiveness
It Is. Do you mean to say, Mr. Scotch
man, that these commonplace and often
listless days of ours are to be regarded
from that point of view, that this dull
routine — eight hours for sleep, eight or
ten for labor and the rest of the day
spent chiefly upon inconsequential mat,
ters— goes toward the making up"of a
record as honorable as that of the sen
tinel guarding a redoubt, the soldier
pressing hard upon his. foe, the Em
bassador charged with large responsi
bilities. -
' Yes, indeed, life is an affair of honor.
> Infinite trust is reposes In us mor
| tals. We are granted large liberty of
thought and action. We are not un
>der the lash of the overseer or the
} constant espionage of the scboolmas
> ter. We are not treated as servants'
'or as children. We are put Into this
(world, given our capacities, our free-
I dom, our opportunity, and left in large
measure then to ourselves, to our own
» honor, to our own sense of what' is
\ right and fair. The Creator repo:es
in us an almost . Bublkje ; confidence
' that we will play a man's part. '
i How different .this conception of life
from the theory that we are creatures
of fate tossed and buffeted hither and
thither with 'little power of initiative,
with hardly any real freedom. How
different also from the theory that goes
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
er*Iy speakin*. and so I don't think he
left much." •_•..,»<
"Oh, but I am sure he did," insisted
the girl, "and that is what I desired to
talk to you about. I am not well
\'ersed in business affairs, but I know
that such kind-hearted gentlemen as
you will assist me. Would you aid me
to the opposite extreme and looks upon
each man as the sole arbiter of his
own destiny, his life meaning nothing
to a higher power than himself, never
to account to that power for the use of
his time, talents and opportunity. And
again, how different Is this theory from
the butterfly conception, of human life
that we are here to flit aimlessly from
one soft resting .place to another: that
we are to make no provision for the
morrow; that to brim to-day's cup with
LIFE
AS AN
AFFAIR
OF
HONOR
happiness Is to be 'our sole endeavor. *
Far nobler it is to conceive of life
as an affair of honor. For that concep
tion Is, first of all, an appeal for forti
tude. Because we are \ placed here to
work out our own' salvation we ; are
not , to ,whlne when misfortune . comes
nor to shrink from losses, : defeats : and
disappointments. We are to bear ud
under them as the soldier, calmly en
dures hardship - and peril. - We are • to
burn our own smoke, because It would
be 'dishonorable^in^us ". toj doj anything
■* v *
this afternoon in making -a search
through his effects?"
"Certain," vociferously shouted the
entire six. In fact they would hav»
cheerfully undertaken the task or
jumping across the canyon if she had
requested It. Then they returned to
the El Dorado with the understanding
else,' recreancy, to- what Is expected
of us. •
Again It Is • an appeal for magnani
mity.. If we are . really here to play
the part of honorable men and women
we can afford to overlook . apparent
slights and wrongs, because all these
when, meekly taken strengthen and
perfect character. We can refrain
from answering back, from returning
unkindness for unkindness. What Is
shabby treatment, what are baseless
accusations, compared with keeping
our own record clean and . fine and
magnanimous? . .
-And; still again this conception of
life as an affair of honor Is a mighty
appeal for achievement. Just because
we are given such large latitude, just
because we are made In the image of
God with divine capacities, Just be
cause we are permitted to think and
talk -and act : as , we ■ please, ■ we ' are
bound to do something and think
something from day. to .day that is
worth -while.; We are bound -to be
doers, ■ not parasites or drones. No
matter if life is short/ and the -years
ny, swiftly and we are not as gifted as
some others are and the circle of,' our
Influence is small, we can- still rise to
the level of this conception of life
which .has. been .expressed so beauti
fully, by a poet. Edward R. Sill, who
was on earth only a few years when he
wrote V , \ ■.:;■••
Forenoon and afternoon and night. -
Forenoon *nd afternoon and nlrht, : _
Forenoon and — - ■ • ■ • ' • ,
What! • - .-: ■ ' -• • ; ' '■■;
The i empty lay repeats Itself no mere? Tea,'
that la Me: •'■.■•■
Make ' this torenoon Bubllme, ■ this / al ttreooa ' a
.,■ psalm, .this nl»ht a prayer, •■"-, ■
And, Time 1^ conquered^ and thy. crown is won, '
that in the afternoon they would es
cort her to her deceased parenfi late
residence.
"Well, rm damned.- ejaculated one
° tS e sIx as tbey «ol**mnly walked in
to Diggs* place and Invited th* assem
blage to imbibe.
"There's only ona way out of this
thing," said Parson White, after the
story had been told. "In course, Ken-
didn't leave no estate, leastways
or his own, and so he's got to have one
made to order. I'll start it with a
hundred."
So saying he slapped a bag of dust
on the bar. •
'That's the talk," shouted a score
of voices and in almost no time every
raan present had added a donation to
Kentuck Randall's estate. A delega
tion was appointed to seal the pile In
an old can.*nd bury it in the dirt
floor of the cabin and soon the task
was reported as duly performed.
Early in the afternoon the hajf doz
en prominent citizens called for Miss
Randall and solemnly escorted her
down the hill to her father's cabin.
The girl shed a few tears as she gazed
on. the walls of the dreary hut, ♦ but
these evidences of grief were soon
dried as the men, under- her direction,
searched everv nook and corner of the
place. At last she gave the order to
dig up the floor and a dozen willing
hands seized half as many shovels and
for several minutes dug in every place
but the right one. •
•* "T^ain't ■ jio use." said one of the
workers, finally, throwing down his
shovel, "there ain't nothln' yer'e."
v But at that moment a shout from an
other perspiring but. cheerful laborer
drew everybody to his side. He had
uncovered the can, which was soon cut
open and its contents dumped out on a
table.
"How much is there?" eagerly in
quired the heiress.
"As nigh as I can calc'late by lookln*
at It, there; is. clps^osto .seventhousani
dollars, and all your*n,* # -said th© Pap
son, and at his words Miss Randal]
gave a glad cry and fainted.
But Joy Is never fatal except la ito-t
ries. and the young lady was soon la m
condition to be taken to the hotal, ac«
companled by the precious can and
every man In camp.
The next morning: before the stag*
left she made them a little speech of
thanks for their kind assistance, and
there was not a donor to the estate of
Kentuck Randall, deceased, who did
not feel fully repaid for hl3 contribu
tion. At the last moment Parson
White announced that he was going:
along to protect the youn* lady and,
her valuable treasure, and, although
Hank Dillard said privately that so
long as Kentuck was dead, the stage
"didn't need no protecttn*." yet the
Parson allowed he needed a trip any
how and the boys applauded his gener
ous action.
Two weeks later Bill Diggs, with &
lugubrious countenance, read to the as
sembled citizens of Paradise Flat the
following letter:
tv. t»m. *H N FRANCISOX June 8. 1S32.
ii*?* ar B1IJ: l tn <"3Kht *» how th« boys wauM
™J t( *i ow -ri. hat when *° u «•* *W» letter,
mo and Mrs. White (that was m Randall) will
v S a ™u. r * n * ln » steamer bound for New
York, whtcn sayin' she \v«s a Kandall Is only
a perllte way of lettin' you know who I mean
ror sh« never was no more a Randall than you
«?' J: 9 » h « J™ ow " on. She was a clever actress
5LT" ? *.?** taeaners that I met when I wa*
f ? Jl * >t - t . he clty last I knew th» boya
wonld lik * to ■*• »• »"«• p»*y
55"? ; *° x wrot « * Play »n<l hart her coma uo
«vt\- .* *, nd li kaow yonn * 11 J ln » »• la
»a>m sna done Hrstrate. even I! tickets to thm
*how was a leetle hish. Mrs white «ends her
Mst respects and hopes you'll look us uo when
you comes to New York. Yours hurriedly
PARSON WHITE.
There was a Ions silence, then Bill
spoke:
"Kf Parson White ever comes back
there'll be another estate administrated
on, I'm thlnkin*. but until that Urn* tho
Probate Court of this here fool camp la
takin' a vacation. Boys, whatil yoa
have?" 1«^"T LAWSUIT had been tried : on
( I the veranda of the cross-roads
I ■ store and when it had been set-
I tied Limuel Jucklin. who had
watched the proceedings, took
the home-made chair vacated by the
Justice, leaned back against the wall
and remarked: "Rather bad, this
thing: of goin' to lav.-. And ain't it a
peculiar state of society that educates
men to stimulate quarrels? We may
say that they ain't trained for that
purpose, but unless there are misun
derstandin's the lawyer** work is cut
off, and he's got a little too much of
Old Adr.ni in him not to look out for
his own interest."
"You take a wrong view of the
mafter," replied a young lawyer.
"That is just about what I expected
you to say. But grantin' to the lawyer
all he can claim for himself, it must
after all be allowed that the blckeriri's
and shortsightedness of the human
family give him the most of his ex
cuse for Iivin'. A perfect state of
civilization would argue perfect hon
esty, and if such were the case, the
lawyers would be powerful scarce.
There is no denyin' of the fact that
*nme of the greatest men have been
lawyers and that the most of "bur
Presidents have practiced law. And
so have some ' of the Immortal
geniuses been soldiers, but if man had
been just and peaceable there never
would have been any need for the
sc Idler."
"According to your view, then," said
the lawyer, "there Is no real need for
anybody that **
"That doesn't build up," Limuel
broke in. winking at his farmer
frienfis. "Every man ought to pro
duce Bomethm*. If he don't, he's livin*
on somebody that does. The only real
occupation is the one that makes the
WHEN STANTON APOLOGIZED
By Leonard Adams
THE butler returned with Stan
ton's card and the Impassive an
nouncement: "Miss Carver's not
in. sir."
Stanton smiled grimly.
"Very well. Howes," he said, calmly
picking up a magazine and settling
back comfortably. "Til wait until Miss
Carver is In. And, by the -way, Howes,"
he added as the butler turned to go
"you'll favor me by conveying that bit
of Information to Miss Carver at
once."
He fished in his pocket and drew out
a half dollar, which he flipped to the
butler with a meaning nod, and Howes
departed, the ghost cf a grin snowing
at the corners of his mouth.
world better. Understand; now. I
have nothin* against anybody's callin*.
I'm* just expressin* my opinion, and it
must be taken for what it is worth.
But the lawyer shows us one thing If
nothin' more — how keen a man's mind
may be whetted. I recollect once that
a fellow sued me. We had swopped
horses- "
"And you had got the better of him.
eh?" said the lawyer.
"Well, that's the way it ' looked to
him. The horse I let hTm have died
that night. He asked me if the horse
was sound and I said I never had
heard any complaint, and I hadn't. He
had never been under the care of a
doctor so far as I Rnew. His appetite
was cood and he'd Bat his eye when
you motioned at him. I might have
seen him fall down — have .seen men
fall; but I didn't think that they were
goin' to die. I told him a child cduld
•drive him. . A chi!d did drive him out
of the garden that day. Well, we
swopped, ana as I saj% his horse was
taken sick in the, night and died be
fore day. He came back to me and
swore that I had swopped him a horse
that I-know'd was goin' to die. I told
him that If he'd show me a horse that
wasn't goin' to die I'd give him my
farm. I felt that he_ had the worst of
it and I would have evened it up the
best way I" could, but before I got
through hayin' fun with him he got
mad and' went away and hired a
lawyer to prove that I was a liar and
altogether the worst man in the com
munity.
"I never cot such a scorin* in my
life. I felt eorry for my wife and chil
dren. I didn't think that anybody
would ever speak to me again, and I
told the lawyer that I would make it
a personal matter between me and him.
I expected the Justice to decide' dead
against me. but he didn't. He had
A flre burned on the broad hearth,
and as the stairs creaked beneath the
portly Howes, Stanton piled "on wood
and worked the bellows until he had
a small-sized conflagration roaring
cheerfully. He was Just hanging up the
bellows when the portieres were
whisked angrily aside, and Katherine
Carver stood before him, a spot of red
burning on either cheek and hard lines
showing about her pretty mouth.
"Hello!" said Stanton cheerfully.
"Back early, aren't you? Glad I wait
ed."
"Well?" she said shortly, coming a
etep nearer and giving an unpleasant
inflection to the word.
"Very well, thank you," said Stanton
imperturbably. "And you?"
Miss Carver glared at him.
"Won't you sit down by my fire?"
he went on politely. "I had no end
of trouble to get it going."
TI1E SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
JOTTINGS
OF OLD
LIM JUCKLIN
ON LAWYERS
■ t :
."What have you come for?" she ask
ed frigidly,
Stanton looked thoughtfully into the
fire fbr- a moment.
"I didn't coma to rob the house."
said he. "nor to commit murder. I
think I must have come to apologize."
"It is too late." said she.
"Then I'll -come earlier to-morrow,"
he returned. "Mav I ask what time
the receipt of apologies ceases?"
"It ceased last evening at 10 — and
It ceased forever." said Miss Carver.
"Oh, I say!" Stanton protested, "real
ly, that's not fair."
"It's Quite as fair as your remarks
of last evening." she replied.
"Honestly,, I'm sorry." said Stanton.
"I was beside myself."
"So it would seem," she observed
tartly. *
"And -when I called you a heartless
flirt and the rest off it I was irrespon-
sible." said he. "I take It all back ex
cept—" He paused.
"Except what?" she asked.
"Well, I'll take It all back— no ex
ceptions, if you say so," he said meek
ly.
"Oh, it doesn't matter!" she mused
Indifferently.
"No, I suppose not," he said. "Still,
I'm really sorry. Won't you sit down
by the fire and hear my side of It?"
Miss Carver hesitated.
"Won't you?" he pleaded.
She came to the fire and took the
chair he had drawn up for her.
| "Proceed," she said, still practicing
an economy of words.
"Katherine," he said slowly, "you
know how devout a worshiper I've
been: you know how patiently I've
waited and what— er— what r encour
agement you've gtven me. Well, yes-
been a horse trader himself.
"Well, after the thing was over with
I took the horse, I got from the feller
and went over to his house about ten
miles away aiu^turned the nag loose
In his lot. I did it n<H because I was
sorry for him, but because I was afraid
of mvself— afraid that I couldn't sleep,
and I was workin' hard and needed
rest. Well. sir. that night the nag that
I'd turned into the lot ups and dies,
and the fellow swore that I had-hauled
him there after he was dead, and
hanged if he didn't sue me again. He
got the same lawrer and he made me
out a worse man than I was before.
Made it appear that I had poisoned the
horse and dragged him over there.
Then I swore that the whole county
couldn't hold me~t>ack from takin" It
out of his hide. Wife, she cried and
took on, but- 1 told her it wasn't no
use for justice spurred me on.
'So the first chance I got I went to
'town to see the lawyer. I went over to
,the courthouse and he was makin' a
speech, and I wish I may die dead if
the feller he was skinnin' this time
wan't the very man that had sued me.
I never heard anythin' like it. Tiptoed
'and called him all sorts of a scoundrel;
said that he had defrauded me, as hon
est a man as lived in the State. I
couldn't stand that, so I walked c-n
out and after a while. he came along
and held' out his hand and called me
'Uncle Lim," just as if I was his moth
er's brother. Then he clapped me on
the shoulder and you^could have heard
him laugh* more than'a mile. He said
he- was comin* out to go fishln' With
me. -' ■ **
Well, I let him c-ff, and after we had
cot to be right good friends I asked
him how he ha-nened to be engaged
against my enemy and this ts what he
said: 'Oh, I wasn't. Some of the boys
told me you were comin' . mto the
house and, I. knew that you were trou
blesome when you set your head to it.
so as court wasn't in session I started
In to makin* a sp«ech against the fel
low so you could hear me/ and he
clapped me on the shoulder and you
could have heard him laugh more than
two miles this time.
"Get a lawyer with fun in him and
he's all right. Once I had some busi
ness on hand, the settlement ,ef my
brother's estate, and I went to old Tom
Cantrell and asked him how much he
would charge me, and he almost took
my breath with the amount he named.
I knew he was a man of. a good deal
of ability— liked fun— and I says to him
like this: "Tell you what arrangement
to make. Colonel. I ve got a mighty
terday when I heard of your engage
ment to Cawthorne — "
"To whom?" she gasped, suddenly
attentive.
"To Cawthorne," he repeated. "I
heard it at the club.
Miss Carver suddenly burst out
laughing. She covered her face with
her hands and went into convulsions
of merriment. Stanton stared help
lessly.
"I wish I might see It in that hu
morous vein," ho said, gloomily.
"Do you mean to tell me that the
announcement of Mr. Cawthorne's
engagement was responsible for your
outburst last night?" she asked be
tween hysteric giggles.
"Yes," he said. "I was angry then;
but to-day I've come to offer apolo
gies and to add my congratulations.
He has a mint of money, I hear."
fine chicken out at my house ard Iff
you can fetch out one to whip him I'll
erga^e you and pay your price, but 1C
mr chicken whips yourn. - - hy you do
the* .ork for nothir.'. He was a man
of ability and he agreed. Ah, me. there
ain't 3uch lawyers about here th^se
days. I recollect once he "
"But did the fight come off?" some
one inquired.
"Oh. that fight? Tea. held tallow
candles for it one night, and you'd
have thought it was a snowln", the air
was so full of feathers. My wife kept
on a-callin* out. •Limuel. what are you
a-doin' there in the smokehouse?* and
I always answered, 'I'm digrgin' up a
rat. Go on to bed. I've most got him
now.'
"I don't know how lops they fit —
other roosters were crowln' all around
the neighborhood when they got
through. But my chicken "crowed last
and the folonel gave me hi3 hand with
feathers a-stickin' to it, and says, says
he, 'Lim, you've got me and I'll take
care of your business." ■ |
"Best settlement I ever made. He
took care of the business right up to
the handle and when he had got
through he 'lowed, he did. that he
could find a bird that could whip mine
for the estate — said he'd put up his
law-books and his house and lot against
it, but it looked too much like cam
blin\ so- I backed down. Oh, he would
have done it. Ablest lawyer in the
county. It's a pity all lawsuits couldn't
be settled somewhat in that way— a?
fairly, I mean.
"I was Just a-thinkin'." he added
after a few moments cf silence, "how
much trouble the old world has been
z>ut to tryin' to govern man. Every
year or so the 'Legislatures meet and
make laws and unmake them, always
experiraentin' with man. ' The trouble
with him is he don't know what he
wants and don't know what to do with
it after he gets it. And 'the lawyer is
the outgrowth of his restlessness and
his I<morance."
"Think there will ever come a time
when there are no lawyers?" the
young advocate Inquired, and the old
man scratched his head.
"Oh. yes, that time will come, but It
will be the time when there isn't any
thing:. The lawyer has come to stay
as lon~ as the rest of. u« do. He's a
smart man and a gcod feller for the
most cart and Is nearly always willin'
to forgive you when he has dons you
a wrong; and I want to remark right
here that this argues the extr mest of
liberality." .
(Copyright, 1904. by Oplo ReadJ
"Oh," she gasped, convulsed la
laughter again, "it's too funny I Mr.
Cawthorna Is engaged to Mlas Cynthia
Carver — Aunt Cynthia. It's tho cul
mination of a romance that began, be
fore I was born."
"Oh, Lord," said Stanton softly, but
In tones of Infinite relief.
He picked up Ms hat and coat. At
the door he turned, v
"Not going?" she asked.
"Yes. I'm going to the club to an
nounce your engagement to me," he
said with an air of 'finality.
"I haven't given my consent," she
said with reddened face.
Stanton chuckled.
"Well, in response to your urgent
invitation. I'm coming back to dine
with the family, and I'll get It then,"
said he. -*
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)WHAT WOMEN
WANT TO KNOW
ONCE more Dame Fashion has
divided her earnest followers
irto two complete factions and
right merrily is the battls royal
(Tftgin& And the whys and where
fores of this struggle are over a bit of
flimsy, fragile cobweb — namely, the
wedding veil.
Certainly there is a marked tendency
ju5t now to discard this mystic veil
even nt the. most formal function and
aF it is tloir.g away with a tima honored
custom the power? that be are not
ready or willing to accept the innova
tion without, hi least, a *vordy war.
So it comes about that the conserva
tives swear and declare that for a girl
hriit the veil i* absolutely indispen
sable, while the radicals claim that she
may do exactly as Fhe pleases^n the
matK-r, but that it if far better judg
ment to discard it without a seconefs
thought If it is net decidedly becoming.
If thero is one time in a woman's life
thet she wants to appeeir at her very
best it is her wedding day. For months
and month? she schemes and plans and
all with one idea uppermost in her
head — to look well. Her dainty frock
Is the loveliest fabric that money can
purchase and fashioned by skilled fin
gers, but somehow or other nine and
ninety brides just miss the mark and
succeed In being quite as homely and
strange looking as it is possible for
them to be.
Takt off the veil, comb the hair nat
urally and behold the transformation!
The dainty little lady is there in all her
BweetOCf? and prettiness and what is
more to the point *h* looks like her
self, acts like herself— in fact, is her
self. Looking; back on the number of
really pretty girls who have been made
to, look positively plain under the glare
of tulle or lace, it aids one considerably
in bclif-ving that "the radicals are not
so very far wrong in their opinions
after all.
Of course, there is something very
sweet and maidenly about the float
ing, fluttering white symbol of youth.
In fact. a. bride who can stand the test
would bt foolish to think of walking
to the altar unveiled, for whatever may
b*- said or done, there is no gainsay
ing the fact that there is a bit of senti-
ADVEICTISEMENTS.
MME. YALE'S
Aimond Blossom
\J. . . . CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
. MADE
Cleanses. purifies,
whitens and beautifies the
skin. Soap and water only
cleanse superficially.
2£m«. Tale say»: A little Ahaoad
Blossom Complezlca Cream thonld
be applied every time the face
and hands ere wasted. It removes
th« draet. soct, prime, smut aad
smudre from tie laterstices of ■
tht stir, and makes th« scrfae*
•irocth as velvet.
A daily necessity at home and
abroad: a treasure when traveling
by land and water, or when on an I
outirig: of any kind, and particu-
larly- prized at a seaside or moun-
tain resort. Protects the skin
from cutting winds, burning rays
of the sun and every injurious ef-
fect of the elements. Prevents
and cures abnormal . redness of
the nose or any part of the face,
and that purplish .hue due to ex-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chafing, cold sores, fever blisters
and all irritation of the skin. - It
is the greatest known specific .for
burns; takes the ,■ fire out more
quickly than anything else.
soothes, heals and prevents scars
and suppuration. Indispensable
for use of -infants and. every mem-
ber of the household. An exqui-
site natural beautifier. A grateful
application after shaving. Excel-
lent for massage purposes. Now
in two sizes. Mme. Yale's Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream is
now sold in (Wo*sizes»«by
OWLDKUQCO.
(Both Stores)
1128 Market Street
80-82 Geary Street
At special price of 40c «nd 80c
ment attached to the veil that sets it
apart as soinethir.g extremely solemn
and reverent* If this were not so, what
would bo the object of carefully putting
away the- delicate piece of transparency
in lavender until tome one else in the
family has need of it? If it does not
seeni a necessary part of the wedding'
gown, it at least has a charming mysr
tery for the bride-to-be that is created
by no other detail of her wedding cos
tume.
But notwithstanding all this it is a
paying proposition for one to be abso
lutely certain that the veil does not*
mar one's looks. There are scores, and
scores of old superstitions concerning
brides and their attire, but it -seems
as though it was getting just a bit too
primeval to insist on putting on the
tulle for the first time alter every
thing else is in readines for it. One
is not capable of judging at such a
time, and the excited family flying
about suggesting this, that, and the
other thing, are not good critics either.
It may be all very well and good to
keep the all-important frock tucked
away in the darkest corner of the
— ase for fear an evlleye might searcn
It out and cast a spell of misfortune
upon It, and it may not come amiss to
prevent the bride' from sewing one
stitch or. clipping one basting" thread,
for fear she may cut her happiness in
twain, burl fail to see where it could
place a kibosh of any kind upon her
ladyship to gather- the fragile fabric
into her hands and see ,for herself
whether the effect is pleasing or other
wise. —>; ; '::'i^:x
The gown is tried on, so why should
the tulle be relegated to the cedar chest
until the* eleventh, hour?; Surely the
gods ought to pardon, this one breach,
for if one ever wants to look pretty it
is on one's wedding day, and every
thing should, be done to enhance the
beauty that nature * has seen fit to
withhold or bestow.
The bridal veil is guaranteed to add
half a dozen years to anybody's age,
unless, perhaps, it is. the lassie. yet in
■her early .teeiis. -The regular featured
blonde or brunette who Is still in her
youth, or who by some mystic power
has the blessed faculty of making her
friends think she is, is the>one who
should hold up her ..hands in holy
horror at the very idea, of discarding
the white symbol, for she rarely If
ever fails to convey the Idea, that she
is of angelic temperament, and this
little impression, by the way, is in-
finitely more lasting and reaches far
ther than one wots of. .
The small girl who is rather inclined
to be too round is foolish to ever
•dream of a veil for a' single minute.
Caught at the very back of the coit
fure and flowing: about in a careless
, fashion never makes one appear, slend
er, and the plump girl is promptly
called "squatty," and even "a small
tub," by sonie of her admiring friends
and relations. To wear it really well
one should be what the French call
svelte, or in other words, slender- and
prettily rounded. To this rule there is
but one exception and that is the girl
who has managed to keep her childish,
jlemure stvie of beauty and who^ iin-
presses .all who see her that she is the
very essence of innocence and fresh
sweetness.
Under' the most favorable conditions
veils are trying things to handle, for
they never fail to act as though they
had been lightly touched by the imp ol
mischief. When they fall gently down
over the face the back spreads out sixty
ways for Sunday, and when the back
effect is pretty and : soft the front flies
willy-willy over, the face and ruins
what otherwise would have been an ex
tremely attractive picture.
True,_^ some brides are wearing ,the
veil thrown back from the face, and
in that, event; they may be. daintily ar
ranged, but does that convey the senti
mental idea that it has always por
trayed? The veil has stood as a.float
ing white symbol of purity and youth
and has been used as a covering for' the
face for generations, and generations.
If one departs from the Idea to that Ex
tent, why not dispense- /with it" entirely
and save the ' heartburns and bitter
tears of mortification that are the result
of hearing such' amiable llttle*speeches
as: "My, I never dreamed 'she, was half
as old ! Why? she looked a thousand
and four!" .
TffK SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL,
The girl who wears a lovety gown
and.a wonderfully .becoming hat Is -the.
one who defies the .a
,wee. bit,_ perhaps, but. she' looks wonder- .,
fully sweet as a result, and she has
done the most sensible thing, in the
world. Besides this, she has displayed" 1
rare-good; sense. The" trouble is with,
the women, not the veils. Nearly every
daughter OT Eve fondly believes she
hasi the ability, to make herself look fit.
and nobody dares or, care enough about^
her- to convince her otherwise. -First 1
one arid then anothertells her why she
should wear, the tulle, but no 1 one. tells
her why it would be the better scheme
to. let it strictly-, alone. And the pity:
of it is_ she believes the Idle talk and
doesn't -take the trouble to find out
one way or the other for herself. As a .
consequence the veil is more a. mantle
ofcharlty worn to cover her imperfec
tions than anything else, and the girl
who. might have been pretty, is reduced
to the ranks of the commonplace. """
Tnne is uuming quite as retching: or
as softening as a large hat with plumes.
It droops into soft, pretty curves and
lends. Its touch of beautiful color so ar
tistically that any girl can find one that
will make her frlend3 open their eyes
and wonder how it "happened they
didn't know she was half as attract
ive."
Just at present brides are in clover,
for almost anything is correct form.
Even colored frocks. And of all Inno
vations this. is the greatest and appa
rently the smartest. Certainly no one
could say the swagger Xew York girl
who was gowned in pink and attended
by maids in white didn't know any
better or that the bride in our own
midst who wore a delicate green was
provincial. Both knew what they were
about just as surely as does the lassie
who selects . a snfart tailor suit and
chic hat and stands in the midst of a
bevy bf fetching attendants .all attired
In the regulation bridesmaid frock and
picture hat.
So if you, JMiladi, are to be a bride,
think it over well. • Don't let any one
gently talk you into wearing the yell If
you are convinced in your own ■ mind
that it adds one day "to. your age or
detracts one whit from your appear
ance. Be honest with yourself and do
precisely as you . please. If there is to
be any buzzing about you and. your
costume let it be upon your departure
from the regulation rule rather than
upon the fact that you are fully ten
years, older than -you claim to be and
never had "much style, anyhow."
Answers to
Correspondents
ZAIDEE (Christmas. Jifts).— There
are any amount of small gifts that you
can make and very .reasonably. * too.
For your small friend fashion what is
known as a Dolly Varden doll. She is
a, rag lady, or really two of: them, for
she is 'double., One lady is dressed in
blue and when her short petticoats
are pulled over her head it shows an
other head and arms, and the arms
serve alternately as arms and legs; ac
'cording to her position.. They are
clever .little dolls, for- one may be a
-black baby dressed in flaming, red and
the other a demure Dutch lassie in Hol
land blue. Of course it goes without
sayir.g they are most inexpensive and
I think you" can make the face with
little dlfflculty. Any girl who Is par
ticular about her clothes likes them to
exhale a wholesome, sweet odor, so
hangers are always dee. Buy a couple
or three wooden ones, and, by the way,
the cheapest you can get. and some
dainty ribbons. A roll of cotton and a
small bottle of sachet will complete
your list. Pad the hanger and supply
it liberally with the sweet powder and
bind the whole prettily and neatly, top
ping it with a loop of ribbon ending In
a bow to hang it up by. Of coutse It
43 simple, but it Is both useful and
fragrant and one cannot possibly have
too many of them. Now take the odds
and ends of the ribbons and fashion
three or. four small sachet bags. Buy
a few yards of say one-Inch ribbon and
t fasten the bags on the ends and
conceal sf safety pin in the top so that
it. may be securely fastened on. This
little skirt pad worn over the petticoat.
sends out Its fragrance and on the
whole is a satisfying little remem
brarce. Handkerchiefs are always
nice and always acceptable and you
can make them for almost nothing.
Buy a yard-wide linen, say at tl or
$1 25 a yard, and draw your threads
so that the 'kerchief will be twelve
inches square. Hemstitch it and then
put on any trimming that pleases your
fancy and suits your pocketbook. A
pretty footing comes at 5 cents a yard,
and three yards 13 ample. Again an
other footing with a dainty edge comes
at 6 and 7 cents and you can get any
quantity of lace at 10 and 12% cents a
yard. ■ To vary them use foottng, thin
lace and perhaps one with Insertion
and lace. Get 100 linen thread and it
will be both strong and altruist invis
ible. Dainty, little aprons and hand
kerchief klmonas are nice and service
able, too, and do not cost more than a
few pennies. For instance, bay a dim
ity at two yards for a quarter and
make a sewing apron of it. After a
short apron is fashioned put on a piece
about a third the length of the apron
itself, and divide that into three dis
tinct compartments. Featherstitch the
divisions and across the top for It
•makes a neater finish. Put on dimity
strings or ribbon, just as you like, but
the lawn washes better and is not half
the trouble or annoyance. This Is only
appropriate for the girl whrf sews or
does needle work, for another would
have the pockets tilled to running over
with useless trash or else going to
waste. If you want anything that costs
more money I can tell you of any num
ber of pretty gifts and will be glad to
do so. 1 'THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIl1USED to think dat a Jap was a
kind of a Chink — a Chinaman.
Dey isn't. A Chink can't box.
can't do a ting wit de boxing
gloves, and a Jap can; dat's what
makes a Jap a man you can make a
pal of. Dis Jap valet of Mr. Paul's—
his name is Tomozo, so I call him
Tommy, to help make an American of
FABLES FOR THE FOOLISH
yOUNG HENRY J. HOTSPUR
had been taught that this was
an age of young men and he be
lieved It, till he learned better.
According to his preliminary as
sumption, old age was not exactly a
crime, but It was dangerously near to
being a misdemeanor, and was certain
ly a disadvantage to every one except
a veteran with one eye on the late, but
not too late. Imperial decree. For a
chap who wanted to get on the blind
cide of some real good position where
his principal occupation was to sit on
the front seat and crack the whip while
the other fellows did the pulling the
prime requisites were a budding mus
tache and a full-blown confidence In the
right of the young to inherit the earth,
cr at least to collect the rent.
ytOB. about two weeks, at New Or
l_J leans, I tented on the old camp
Jv ground, a spot much esteemed
I by soldiers of fortune, nee bums.
These tents are immense tar
paulins, with piles of perishable freight
for center poles. No unsightly sheds in
cumber the miles of wharves and
levees at Jhis Southern port of call for
tramps and ships, and they all find
berths.
The tarpaulins do double duty as
eheds and also lodging houses for
whites and blacks alert enough to elude
the watchmen. River odors ooze up
through the cracks cf the wharves in
the humid night, and the air-tight can
vas covering shuts in a soothing bou
quet of tar, green hides, antique vege
tables and the spices of Arabia and
Africa. There is no color line on the
old camp ground.
A special providence, said to watch
over Idiots, drunken men and boys,
-THE ALUGATOn SOMETIMES DISPUTED MT WAT."
him— he sees me giving Mr. Paul his
exercise wit de boxing: gloves, and he
says to me, "Chimmie," he savs, "I'd
like to learn dose tricks," he says.
Well, Tommy is a good sport, and sells
me Mr. Paul's close cheap, so I says:
"Soltainly, Tommy," I says, j "put on
de mits, and we'll have a round or two
for a starter."
My, my, but he was fierce. He came
fn at me like he was our bull pup
having a mix-up wit a mastiff, and I
had to give him a few hot ones to
make him keep his distance. But he
was hungry for to loin, and in a week
or two he knew as much about de.
game as I could teach him, and want
ed to pull off a. few rounds every day.
Seeing dat he had as good a fight
ing heart as any man I ever stood up
to I says to him, "Tommy." I says,
"how is it dat you ain't back in your
own country taking a hack at de Rus
sians, wit de rest of your gang?"
When I asked him dat I seen dat
it was a sore subject wit him. "Mr.
Chamw," he says, "I wanted to go
and fight for my country, but dose of
us who are getting good wages are
told by our consuls to keep our
places, and send money home for de
hospitals; for dat way we can do more
good dan by going home and fighting.
Dere is plentv of men to fight, but
dere Is not many who can send money.
We— boys like me who get big wages
In dis countrj'— send enough money to
cure hundreds of fighters who are
wounded, bo dat dey may go back to
de fighting. Dat's de way we are
helping our country, but I'd rather be
fighting." j . :
I guess de boss mugs who dope out
de game for keeping de well paid boys
here at work know what dey are
about. But I felt sorry for de boy dat
he never had a chance to put \)p his
fists against a Russian, so I says. to him
dat if he felt his mind and digestion
would be better if he had a little run
wit an enemy of his country — and of
all countries — I could accommodate
him witout our leaving de island of
Of course, there were times when old
men were convenient to have around,
not because they were really needed,
but just for the general air of respec
tability which they shed over the land
scape. Their judgment In the brand of
cigars to be smoked at the semi-annual
meeting of the directors is usually un
impeachable and they are able to give
the rising generation useful points on
the proper temperature of champagne
or the length of time that a porter
house steak should be broiled. But
when it came to the real business of
life, when a man had to be right there
with the goods when the clock struck,
there was no use in denying that the 1
youngsters had the gray hairs beaten
to a standstill. So thought young Hot
spur before he tried to butt in; let us
ON AND OFF THE BREAD WAGON
BEING HARD LUCK TALES AND DOINGS OF AN AMATEUR HOBO
provided me with shelter, but I had* no
meal ticket. And yet I can truthfully
assert that manna still falls in the
wilderness for children of hunger,
doubt and despair. Overripe bananas
from the West Indies drop off . the
bunches in transit from steamer to
wharf. Thus did I feed on manna that
fell at my feet, for I always was right
on the spot. It was necessary to be
ever . pecking, \ like a sparrow In the
park, in order to keep the wrinkles out
of my midriff, and I had little time to
hustle for other business.
As at Memphis, nobody wanted a cub
molder. Neither did the ship captains
desire a commodore or . dishwasher
when I offered to. sail the raging main
with them. On many occasions I asked*
for a job as porter at wholesale houses.
The usual reply held that my color
scheme didn't flt the theme, and It was
a case of back to the banana belt in
the wilderness for me. All I owned
enveloped my small and enfamined
person. Fifteen hundred miles lay be-
CHIMMIE FADDEN
Manhattan, where anyting wort hav
ing, or wort getting rid of, was always
on tap.
He tanked me wit tears in his peep
ers, and 'said if I could give him a
chance to let off a little of de war
steam he had up, and dat was like
to bust him if it didn't blow off, he'd
let me have a dozen neckties Mr. Paul
had trun out to him, witout no charge
to me.
Once in a while I takes a run around
in a soldo on de East, Side looking
for trouble wit- dese Nannychists, who
are always making a kick about de
Govement and de police and de papes
and de .ricli^ and de poor and every
thing else. Say, dey is a bad lot. for
fair. A man wit a reasonable kick
to him should be let to make
his kick, for it does him good and does
nobody else any harm. But what is
do kick dat is coming to dese Nanny
chists? Nobody asked 'em to come
'to dis country, but, p'chee! de min
ute dey lands dey sets up a holler dat
de Gdvement is all to de bad and dat
dey should be give de job of running
it. What for? I never can get next
to deir line of argument. Dey borreys
de price of a $10 steerage ticket to get
here for freedom and den when dey
gets here dey declares dat dere is no
freedom of de kind dey likes and sets
out to make deir kind. He's not play
ing politics, he's distoibing de peace.
Any way, dere's a difference between
saying "I want to run de Govement"
and saying "I want to ruin de Gove
ment."
I'm not sore on dese Nannychists
because dey are mostly Russians. A
J^ussian is just as good as any other
man — when he's just as good. Bui.
he ain't. Mostly* de kind . dat comes
here makes a bee line from de immi
grant landing to * a underground gin.
mill, and when he's got his whiskers
well soaked wit mixed ale he asks
where he can buy a bomb, and den
where de man is who runs' tings. He
wants to get de boss and de bomb to
gether before he knows de difference,
between de elevated road and de rapid
satisfy our curiosity by observing him
for two or three minutes while he does
the goat act.
As soon as he got out of college,
where he had been stuffed with all this
gay talk about the future of the young
man. Hotspur made a bee line for the
wicked but exceptionally attractive
city. O He wanted to be a merchant
prince', and he didn't propose to wait
very long either. The first place that
he tackled he was Informed that there
were a number of vacancies on the er
rand boy force and in the packing de
partment, but unfortunately all their
heads of departments were old and ex
perienced men who appeared to be very
1 well satisfied with their positions. To
add to the indignity of the situation the
man who broke this sad news to Hot
spur was on the shady side of sixty.
tween me and my be-it-ever-so-humble.
My $2 trunk, shipped ahead from Mem
phis, was in hock at the express office.
Next door I had pawned my last asset.
a wheezy silver watch, and I~ still
hoarded the few dimes, lest accident
befall the inwardbound banana fleet.
Even then my intellect, such as it was,
ranged far ahead sometimes.
Since the ships declined, to carry me
down to the sea there was nothing left
but to beat the ninety-mile stretch of
railroad between New Orleans and the
gulf. I performed this clever feat . by
limping along the track in light march
ing order, and thus got ahead of J.
Plerpont Morgan for the first and' only
time in my life. I'll bet it would sting
him now if he knew it. Three days and
15 certs' worth of gingerbread were con
sumed in this spiritedi dash to tide
water and a new life on the rolling
deep. My only preparation for the jour
ney was to take a farewell peep at the
trunk in the express office and time the,
Btart by the three golden balls next
door. i
Nothing that Mr. Morgan has since
handled-in the way of stock was watered
like this road. Much of the way it
wormed through cypress swamps like a
pair of snakes crawling along on stilts.
Trains were few and not at all keen, so
I ran little danger from that source.
The heat of noon late in spring blazing
down upon the track enticed the alli
gator from his winter hole, and he some
times disputed the right of way on the
solid levels. Many a time was I moved
to kick a $30 traveling bag out of one
of those sodden beasts: but what's the
use? I argued. With nothing to put in
it the bag would merely retard my pro
gress. Sherman's march to the sea was
but a matinee stroll down Broadway in
plug hat, cane and spats.
The first night out I slumbered fit
fully in an -abandoned handcar house
that stood on piles beside the track.
Before evacuating the . premises Mr.
Morgan removed the floor and three
Bides. Along the remaining wall he left
c board seat about one foot In width;
on which the Dago section hands were
wont to rest when weary with earning
their little old 90 cents per day. On this
board I slept, while the Southern star
shone in where the roof used to be. Mr.
Morgan took that, too. I never learned
the depth of water beneath the house,
and it wasn't my fault. All night long
I dreamed of sleeping on a clothesline
stretched across the gorge below Niag
ara Falls, and was afraid to turn over.
Thirty miles a day is pretty rapid
transit for a fat-headed, lobster. 1 geared
up to" jaded limbs and blistered feet,
and I had no pacemaker. The track
was not ballasted, which fact led me to
overlook much of the scenery. At the
earne time I seldom missed a tie. The
water through which Mr. Morgan's rail
road flowed, I have since learned, was
the color of absinthe, and I i suffered
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
transit tunnel. He ought to wait a
week.
So about once in a while, after
Duchess has told me how much
-boodle we t has in de bank, and. I'm
feeling pretty fit,. I takes a run about
in a soicle to round up a Nannychist
or two on de side, and keep me hand
in de scrapping: game.
Well, I says to Tommy, dat If he
was feeling like he knew enough about'
de boxing trick to do it without gloves,
and wanted to feel how hard a Rus
sian's head was, to get a night off
and come wit. me.
It didn't take me long to: locate de
game. I went down to de place kept
by. me fren de barkeep, where I meets
a felly who's an interpreter in a court,
and can speak all de Yiddish lingos,
and he j tells me where a Nannychist
meeting is going on. I tells' him to
come along to tell us what it was all
about, as me fren de Jap was a stn
dent of socdology — what's dat?' Soci
ology? Dat's right — was a student of
sociology and wanted to do / a little
studying of de Nannychist proposition.
Tommy looks -wise, puts up de price
of de beer, and we starts off.
De meeting was in a cellar saloon.
A pretty chap, mit whiskers beginning
at his eyes and ending at his belt line,
and who had de "smell of de steerase
Btrong'on him, was making de prin
cipal • talk. De interpreter puts us
wise as ito what he was saying, and,
say; he was^ fierce. He said he'd been
in ( de country already for more dan
tw.enty-four hours, and had been in
sulted by de police, had, to pay car fare
on de trolley line, had been chased by
a baker for lifting a loaf of bread
which , belonged, to him as well as to
the baker, was treatened wit arrest
for not paying for a drink, had been
refused ' a job in de postofflce because
he could not read or write or SDeak
English— de lanwudge. of plutocrats
and murderers — and he wanted to
know what fell kind of a country dis
was, anyway.
I taught dis was pretty hot stuff,
but" de interpreter told us. to wait until
and didn't appear. to regret it, either.
Hotspur was perplexed but not de
feated. He had a vague idea that there
was something wrong. sc-me\y,here but
he couldn't exactly locate it and he
wasn't willing to believe that it was in
his original proposition. Probably the
people in this particular place hadn't
heard that old men were out v.f fashion;
as soon as they had received the glad
tidings they would hasten to . put all
their veterans on the retired list and
invit-*. young Hotspur back to take
charge of the business. Meanwhile, it
was necessary for him to look for some
more up to date place.
But surely there must be some place
where they were sitting up nights
waiting for the young blood to start
flowing in their direction. A sudden
idea struck him. He had it — or them!
mightily from thirst. Nor was the gin
gerbread diet any too juicy. At the
rate I traveled it was comparatively
easy to drop off at stations for the pur
chase of supplies without fear of get
ting left.
The gingerbread came and likewise
went in slabs at 5 cents each. In the
seafaring vernacular of that region, the
bread was known as the stage plank,
owing to its outward similarity to the
landing stage lowered from the bows
of steamboats. In size, weight, color
and shape the stage plank more ac
curately imitates the bland building
brick. While making no special effort
to economize, one brick carried me
through an entire day. My parched
salivary glands, allied to f the want of
water, rendered eating a positive pain—
a condition quite abnormal in a boy.
One bite of brick to the mile was the
average rate of consumption; and if
the divine scribe who wrote about
straining at gnats and swallowing cam
els had ever been up against the Lou
isiana \itage plank, he would doubtless
beg leave to amend, adding, "and stage
planks" to camels.
Ever and anon I flagged a sky-blue
cistern, buflt of staves on top of the
ground, and lapped up a gallon, or so
of rain water with pollywogs in it.
Then, like Mr. Christian, of whom John
Bunyan wrote, I proceeded on my jour
ney, vastly swelled and feeling and
looking much the same as a Philadel
phia alderman on a junketing trip with
the Liberty, bell.
The pious thoughts pervading these,
paragraphs are not inspired by levity,
for I hold all religions sacred.' It is
the gingerbread. In the country church
of long ago an air of extreme piety
could not down "the pungent aroma of
home-made ginger cookies with which
mothers quieted peevish children dur
ing a record-breaking discourse. So it
Is but natural the Louisiana stage
plank directs my mental footsteps into
the path they trod in youth. Ginger
' bread never fails to make me pepslve
and good. V : .; ■:
Walking was fairly brisk the. second
day ; out, though my slats ached from
sleeping on- the board In the handcar
house. After reeling off about twenty
nine miles I slowed down for the night
at a section station bossed by ( an | el
derly; Italian. His astringent face and
battered dialect" gave no token of hos
pitality, and I almost feared to ask for
lodging. The boss not only said I could
stay, but he handed out, via the back
..door.a slab of cheese and the heel of a
rye loaf upholstered with caraway
seeds. Moreover, the kind Italian ten
dered me the , freedom i of his skyblue
cistern while I .ate his -.' bread and
cheese. Anything for a change was
welcome— anything that would agitate,
antagonize or even"' enthuse the • water
logged gingerbread hoarded up in my
system. No wonder tramps get bilious! ■_
de star of de evening, beautiful star,
spoke his little piece. When de foist
speaker had finished wit his little kicks
de star he gets up, and he says de
odder speaker was .a coward. Any
gentleman who had been so shamefully
treated ought to remedy his condition.
says de beautiful star. "And." says he,
"what is de remedy?"
"Sassination!" yells de crowd.
'•Dat's de talk," says de star. "De
goods of dis eart belong to de noble
people of the eart. Who are de noble
people?" . ;
"We're it!" says de crowd, delighted
to have de real trut give to 'em. ' -
"What is wealt?" he says,.
"Free beer," says some.
"No!" says de star. "Wealt is de
result of de toil of de people. If we
are de people, who does de wealt belong
tor:.
"It's burs!" screams de crowd, getting
excited.
"Now you're getting on," says \ de
star. "If de robber barons who hold
de wealt we has made— hold it by de
aid of murderous police— was deprived
of de protection of de police, what
would happen ?"
"We'd take de wealt," says de peo-
P'c. . .
"Den what keeps you silent and suf
fering and inactive when you can have
your own by asking for It— wit dyna
mite?"
Dat was de kind of talk de crowd
wanted to hear, and dey goes dotty.
De star saw dat he had made a hit,
and sets de big head. "If I had a
dozen good and true men I'd soon
have dis company eating at de table
of de rich, .drinking in de parlors of
de hated 'ristocrats, singing at de
funerals of do ruling class, dancing
around de flames of de mansions of
de plutocrats who withhold from us
de luxuries which our toil has pro
vided, but which de hated law has kept
from us and our starving wives and
children."
"He never .done a stroke of honest
woil^ln his life," says de interpreter
to us as de crowd was yelling, "and
deserted his wife and children in Rus
sia." "V
"I choose him," says Tommy, who
wanted j de fun to begin.
"Wait a bit," I says, "until I choose
mine." I didn't have long to wait.
He would be a newspaper man. The
roll of the presses and the insinuating
odor of printer's ink for him! This
was certainly one business in which ex
perience, knowledge, common sense,
money or anything else in particular
was unnecessary for success. Any one
"cam run a newspaper. That's the reason
so few people try it; it's too easy to
bother with. But by this time young
Hotspur was getting down to the level
where he was willing to turn his hand
to almost anything, even to a news
paper. Observers of his career may
learn from this fact h' t st to sense
of shame,he was.
He hadn't definitely, determined what
position he would accept In the fourth
estate, but he thought that It ought to
be something pretty good. He was a
college graduate and could read Latin
For the night the section boss stowed
me in a vacant bunk in a sort of . bar
racks where he housed the hired men.
The lawful proprietor, of the bunk had
gone off to ,get drunk and make a night
of it, but about 12 o'clock, while my
racked and weary frame was wrapped
in slumber, the drunkard came back
and claimed his bunk.
This Incident disappointed me in more
ways than one. I was a little blue rib
mon worker, had attended Francis
Murphy's temperance lectures at Mud
ville, 111., and signed the total abstin
ence pledge every night for two weeks
under la. different name, just to help the
cause along. According to' tradition the
drunken Dago should have slept in the!
gutter, and there was plenty of gutter
for him, too, in ditches on either side of
Mr. Morgan's railroad. But that; degen
erate boozer raised such a fuss about
his bunk, making no allusion whatever
to gutters, that the boss came forth
with a lantern to.look us over.
He didn't seem to think so much of
me then, but he was too good-hearted
to kick me out into the night, which
had turned cold and wet. So, grumbling
some, he gave me another room in the
henhoufe. . The hens clucked and
blinked' in the lantern light and colled
their feet a little tighter around the
roost, awhile , I huddled down in a cor
ner. Still feeling glad for. any kind of
favor, I folded my hands' and started to
"DREAMED OP SLEEPING ON A CLOTHESLINE STRETCHED ACROSS NIAGARA FALLS.*
De star goes on: "And what Is de
hated emblem of dis hated govern
ment?"
Nobody didn't seem to know, for
dere was no answer. De star glares
at de crowd, and says, "And what, I
ask, Is de emblem which de poor ser/s
of dis country worships, dough it is
de symbol of deir slavery to a social
and industrial system we mean to
abolish by de bomb. Does nobody
here know what is de symbol of
American slavery,, de dirty rag dat de
native born slaves are taught to wor
ship; de rag dat dey is made to be
lieve is" de emblem of deir liberty,
where dere Is no" liberty; de raff dey
is forced . to s"how a reverence for
while it disgraces deir manhood!"
"Dis ls^ It," screams a mug standing
near me, and he hauls from his pocket,
a little American flag and he uses It
for something he didn't have in his
pocket— for a handkerchief.
Well, I soaked him. Jist as de
crowd toined to see what he held up,
and began to jeec it and cheer him
for de use he made of it. I soaked
him. Maybe In all me life I give a
harder punch, but I guess not. Ho
didn't need any more attention, so I
toined to de next man. Tommy jump
ed for de star of de evening. I never'
sav; de little Jap again for ten min
utes for I was quite busy, having a
real nice time of It. At de foist punch
de interpreter had jumped from de
room and Tommy and had da
rough house all .• to our lonelies. I
didn't see Tommy, but I heard him.
I don't rightfully j know what he was
saying, for he was so enjoying him
self dat he trun back to his native Jap
langwudge, but I heard him. He
seemed to be going all over de room
and taking dat star of de evening wit
him for company. After I'd had quite
a little sport wit me fists and got a
good knock or two on me conk. I
jumps behind de . bar and grabs de
bung starter. Dat's a lovely toy for
a rough house. I must have put out
near a dozen gents who had cheered
de man wit de flag, before de in
terpreter retoined wit de police.
When de cops had got tings cleared
up some I asks 'em to look for me
fren Tommy. We found him under
de bar wit de star's head between
hi? hands and he was bumping dat
head on de floor so regular and strong
dat de sergeant of police near fell
and Greek, with the aid of a dictionary
and notes, and he had taken a prize
for an essay in his senior year on the
"Decline of the Drama." If that didn't
entitle him to a high place then there
weren't any places of that kind In the
market. Our heart fails us as we at
tempt to chronicle what happened in
that newspaper office when young Hot
spur dawned , upon it. He wasn't en
tirely killed but for a few minutes he
thought that he could hear the angel
chorus. The city editor was actually
on the. point of giving him a try at a
dog fight or a fashionable wedding
when the budding journalist announced
that he thought that he would rather
write editorials. The city editor didn't
burst, but he was severely tested. In
the midst of the suspense the office
boy gave Hotspur the tip and that
say, "Now I lay me." Then, thinking
this might encroach too heavily on the
good nature and hospitality of the
hens, I burst into a chuckle of laughter
all by my lonely in the dark.
That I could laugh at all in those
damp and dismal surroundings did
much to comfort, strengthen and sus
tain me. A saving sense of the, ridicu
lous is an important adjunct to the suc
cessful hobo. Without it many of them
would never take the road. Instead
they would stop at home and become
deacons and trustees and prominent
citizens, who sit on the platform at
public functions.
Early in the morning I took leave of
the hens and limped away on the last
lap of the journey to the Gulf. The
night In the hennery had given me
bone spavin In several new places, and
I quite forgot my original aching joints
and parboiled heels- . I made a fare
.well demonstration at the cistern, tak
ing in a supply of water while the
boss was looking, but this time he
chopped on the bread and cheese. Still
I had enough stage plank to carry me
through, and the prospect of getting
somewhere that day stirred me with
unusual ardor.
Which was but natural in one well
raised, I desired to spruce up a bit be
fore flashing into Morgan City. Even
the rummiest hobo makes an . occa
sional effort to be genteel and the per-
down laughing. It was like uru*i*ten
ing de bull pup's jaw from a piece of
rubber hose to get de little Jap to part
from de star.
As I was saying, dey ain't Chinks,
dose Japs; dey ar» Yankees — born
away from home.
(Copyright. 1904, by Edward W.
Townsend.)
young man hastily departed. After
ward a kind friend Informed him that
the men -who were doing the heavy edi
torial stunts on that paper, and on all
the others in town, were old enough to
be his father and some of them were
grandfathers.
The same friend took occasion to im
press a few homely truths on the mind
of the young Hotspur. One of them
was that mighty few men are born
wise, but acquire wisdom only by hav
ing it rubbed in in small doses. He
was also Informed that experience is
largely a process of falling down coal
holes and climbing out again. Finally,
and most Important of all, he learned
that while it may be difficult to teach
an old dog new tricks, some of the old
tricks are worth the money still.
Copyright, 1904, by Albert Britt.
foimance I went through Is seldom it
ever attempted by civilized persons. It
requires originality, delicacy of touch,
keen judgment and a cold, unfeeling
heart, all of which I had.
Cutting a long pole from a, thickat. I
removed my shirt, turned the garment
Inside out and hung it by the sleeves
to the rear end of the polo, which I
carried over my shoulder like a mus
ket. Cvery little while I gave the polo
a shake sufficient to agitate the. shirt.
The only friends I had picked up under
the tarpaulins at New Orleans, and
which stuck all through my hardships,
fell off in helpless platoons on the bar
fen railroad track, a dozen feet behind,
as I strode resolutely onward, nor cast
one lingering look.
In the course of a few miles, or when
I could read my title clear, to the shirt.
I put it on again and swept Into Mor
gan City, La., with my gills clogged
with gingerbread. It was a coarso
boast of the railroad that no hobo ever
beat his way on that line. Trains were
guarded and searched at stations, and!
any passenger without a ticket was
sent to jail. For that reason" I did not
attempt to ride, not caring to annoy
the management, and I got there Just
the same.
In the next stanza I debut as a deep
sea Food Passer In one of Mr. Mor
gan's steamboats.
Copyright, 1904, by Charles Dryden.HARPER
ON THE HIGHER LIFE
RESIDENT William Rainey Har-
Ppier of the University of Chicago
is jdncercttn bis belief that the
rp}:p:ous life is, or should be,
linked indissblubiy with th«
hlffh-r life of collegiate t :luca
lion. I3 a bonk of his addres5<?s. re
cently Irsued hy the University of Chi
cago Press, we Cnd a strpn;? call for
the rerojrrition of* the spiritual on equal
plane with :h<? material in the scheme
Of things acadfrr.i?. There can be no
.higher life, accordlnc to Dr. Harper's
Convictions, unless it has, its founda
tions firmly rooted in an Implicit trust
and faith in an exalted religious belief.
In the first address of the series.
which gives the title to Dr. Harper's
took. Chicago's president defines the
relationship between religious thought
snd the other components of Uie higher
life, the arts, the sciences, ethics and
philosophy. While repudiating the con
tention that religion is the fostering
parent of ail these activities of the
trained Intellect, the essayist maintains
that though an impulse apart from
every other esthetic endeavor, religious
spirit Is in its totality all-embracing:,
all-satisfying. Art, science, ethics and
philosophy cannot be well balanced
without the lecven of religion.
In drawing n } s conclusion from the
facts he has advanced Dr. Harper
shows himself to be a latitudinarian of
the broadest stripe. "The religion of
Jesus Christ is a religion capable of
adjustment to any and every individual,
however peculiar his temperament,
however exacting his demand." Again
he says, "I do not urge upon you any
form of religion, for I have in mind Its
very essence, that which is common to
all forms." In strange contradiction to
these dicta, however. Dr. Harper fol
lows in a succeeding address with a
plea for* the cultivation of religious
worship in the colleges— worship, as he
defines it. being the unanimity of ritu
alistic practices -which binds individual
religionists into a unit. How reconcile
the universalism of the essayist's re
ligious conceptions with his demand for
aggregate worship among university
students?
-. '■ "The religious side of Instruction
must not be ignored or treated half
heartedly," says the president of Chi
cago in his address on '•Religious Be
lief in College." And again: "And
finally there must be specific teaching
of definite character adapted to individ
ual needs apd necessities. This calls for
chairs of Bible instruction in every in
stitution." Is Dr. Harper's recom
mendation in tune with his theory? If
every man is open to choose his re-
Hglous belief— to be a church in himself
if he 50 wills it— can his independence
profit by set Instruction? Has there
ever been a theological school which
molded the thought of Buddhist and
Calvinist, Greek orthodox and Friend,
under the same regimen of instruction?
If the. semi-official religious training
that Is now being given students of
universities through Christian associa
tions makes in the end, as it surely
does, for the Insistence upon dogma
more cr less allied with the tenets of
certain religious bodies, could official
ecafiemlc instruction, sanctioned and
supported by university regents, do
aught else?
Dr. Harper's universalism cannot be
. put Into practice. The •weight of. opin
ion to-day Is that the public university
must be divorced from any programme
cf religious training If It Is to achieve
broad independence of thought and
spirit. The Bible is studied as litera
ture with profit; religious schemes en
ter Into the scope of philosophical stud
ies as material for consideration In the
abstract. Beyond this the province of
the modern university cannot, accord
ing to present opinion, have place.
(The University of Chicago Press;
t>rice 51.)
DUNBAR
in Verse and Story
PERHAPS the reading world did
not realize what Btore it set by
the work of the colored singer of
songs and teller of tales, Paul
Laurence Dunbar, until death
recently' came very nigh to him
and threatened his musical tongue
with feil^nce. Unique in the literature
of the day is this figure, the only col
ored man, who has raised himself to
the position \)t being Interpreter of the
spirit, of his race in the measures; of
verse. In. his prose, but better in his
poetry. 'Dunbar gives to us the very
crseuce of the ideals and the common
places of . the, darkles; the lights and
shadows, primitive and without com
plexity, .that mark their lives. His
two last published books, "The Heart
of Happy Hollow," and "LIT, Gal."
fiction the one and verse the other,
represent Dunbar at his best.
"The Heart of Happy Hollow" is a
volume of/ sixteen short tales, some
in dialect, which have to exploit the
features that mark the daily round in
Darktown. With one or two exceptions
the stories are all first class; these
exceptions mark the author's effort to
break with the atmosphere that is his
by right an<J to' draw inspiration from
the world beyond the confines of the
colored man. It is when he chooses
gome comedy from the lives of his
race-fellows and delivers it in the Ir
resistible dialect of the " 'foh de war"
eunty or uncle that Dunbar excels as
a story teller. Humor has quick recog
nition at his hands and the vagaries
of Miss Cicily. Jones or Bruvver Hay
ward la their new-found freedom and
equality before the law make for him
rich material! "A Matter of Doctrine,"
which recites how a certain colored
pastor and leader of the flock put the
dogma of foreordination Into profitable
practice, is, I believe, one of the clever
est and most amusing negro dialect
stories written.
Dunbar is better at verse. In this
medium, where all his instinct tune
fulness has opportunity to. assert It
self, tho colored writer can reflect
directly the negro's innate love of song.
The soft dialect lends itself to the
delicacy of harmony and rhythm per
fectly. All of this syncopation ami
rag-time jarring and muddling of
words which passes current on the
vaudeville stage shows its ugliness
when compared with the softness and
lilting smoothness of Dunbar's real
dia.!e<;t verse. The present volume.
"LiT Gal," is largely a compilation of
the random Bongs that the poet has
published in magazines during the past
ten years. It includes the well known
"When de Co'n Pone's Hot" and the
sweet lav, "When Sam'l Sings." Here
is a verse from "A Florida Night,"
which sin^s ' Dunbar' s sweetest:
Win' a-blowin' gentle so de san" lay low,
t-'on" a little heavy fora de !&in.
All d<> ji'ms a>vir!n' an" a-weavin' slow,
S?phln' lak a sinnah-soul in pain.
Alligator srinnln" by d-? cl' lagoon,
Mockin' bird a-slngln' to de big full moon.
"Skeeter go a-sklmmln' to hi? flghtln' chune
<LJzy Ann's a-waltln" in de lane!)
This volume is attractively printed
and bound for the holiday trade, its
Illustrations being reproduced ' from
photographs made by a student of the
Hampton Institute.
(Dood, Mead & Co., New York; price
$1 50 each.)
ISLANDS
of the Caribbean.
|>k a handsomely printed and bound
volume of 430 odd pages, "Our
West Indian Neighbors." by title.
Frederick A. Ober tells a great deal
about the American Mediterranean
that will he new to most of us.
Though he tells it with little pretense
at anything but a clear, straightfor
ward narrative style and lacks, per
haps, an eye for the picturesque and
the beautiful, Mr. Ober's book i3
valuable for the vast amount of facts
about little known spots of the West
ern hemisphere which it contains.
The author carries his readers
straight thrpugh from the Bahamas
off the Florida coast down to Trinidad
and the Dutch islands fringing the
northern shore of Venezuela. In
each group he treats of the history of
the peoples, their origin and their so
cial and economic life; a survey of the
topography and products of each
cluster of Islands is given and a
description of the cjties and points of
interest situated therein. To this
somewhat categorical scheme of the
guide book Ober adds a fund of anec
dote and personal reminiscence which
relieves his work of the strict formal-
Ism of a book of travel. In many In
stances statistics gathered by the au
thor himself while serving as a com
missioner of the Columbian Exposi
tion give the volume the value of a
practical book of reference.
Cuba, with which the author seems
the most familiar, receives lengthy
consideration. Several trips through
the Island, both ■ before and after the
emancipation from the Spaniard,
made Ober thoroughly familiar with
the type of people In whose hands
government is now entrusted and of
these Cuban ex-patriots he writes at
length. He credits the native Cuban
with but mongrel pedigree and with
an order of intelligence lower than the
average. True, the newly emanci
pated citizen of a free republic does
not drink to excess, nor Is he thievish
in Ober's eyes; but he Is Irredeemably
wedded to the obsolete past In his
every walk of life and even to-day he
is the slave of the coldly calculating
Spaniard. The Spaniard Is still the
man of affairs in Cuba.
(James Pott & Co.,' New York; > U
lustra.ted; price -S2 50.) :, / :
CHILDREN
of New York Ghetto
THERE has been no brighter book
than 'Myra/ Kelly's "Little Citi
zens" this season. For pure
drollery and downright fun this
collection of short tales about
the- children* of New York's ghetto
cannot be surpassed. The dialect
brings surprise "at every turn and gales
of laughter. The incidents are as
unhackneyed as the atmosphere. The
author's keen perception of humor
and her quick way of turning It to
account are as Irish as' v her name/
Though Jacob A. Rils has given
readerVmany- pictures ■ of : New York's
slum children in "How the Other Half
Lives" and other- of his' sketches >of
the tenements, his tales rarely catch
the sunshine • that filters down even
through th^-i chimney pots- of the
crowded ghetto; they are too purpose
ful to admit' of anything ~but the
\^*iim OQOjVqJI ._ ■• > <mitw ; \
tinge, of sadness and pathos. In "Lit
tle Citizens," on the other hand, the
clever young writer has to offer only
the little comedies of life and thought
that fall among the children there. As
teacher in one of the settlement schools
Miss Kelly found herself in the very
midst of the strangest miniature
world of mingled shrewdness, world
ly, wisdom and innocence — a replica
of the World of the elders. There in
these budding Americans of Lithuani
an. Polish and Russian tongues, the
teacher read some queer page3 of life.
The Ingraft of pugnacious, progressive
Americanism upon the keen, specu
lative root-stock of the Old World
Hebrew produces a hybrid breed in
the younger generation that defies
analysis.
One of the best etorjes in the col
lection is that which has to do with
"A. Christmas Present for a Lady."
When all of the little "owitzes" and
"ewskys" were preparing fittingly to
celebrate the teacher's holiday with
gifts of candlesticks, "could to cost
three for ten cents," and perfume "to
make teacher's hair smelly," little
Morris Mogilewsky, whose family can
not afford even a five-cent gift, brings
something which his father had given
his mother for a gift.
"Sooner she looks on it, sooner she
has an awful glad." explains Morris
In anticipation of his gift presenta
tion. "In her eyes stands tears, und
she says, like that — out of Jewish —
'Thanks,' un' she kisses my papa a
kiss. Und my papa, how he is po
lite. He says — o.ut of Jewish, too —
'You're welcome, all . right,' un' he
kisses my mama a kiss."
The gift for the teacher was a re
ceipted bill for the rent of two roomsr
Let us hope that Miss Kelly will find
the opportunity to give us more of
these intensely human little stories of
the ghetto. Hers is a pen that
sketches pictures even while it writes
a tale.
(McClure. Phillips & Co., New
York; illustrated; price $1 50.)
A STUDY
of Our Immigrants
{{ a MPORTED Americans," Brough-
I ton Brandenburg's study of
1 some phases of immigration,
I3 a bock filled with good ma
terial. Though the author de
signed to show some of the economic
and sociological aspects of the great
flow of aliens into this country, which
Is yearly becoming more and more a
subject for grave consideration, the
scientific 'vorth of his book- is over
shadowed by the weight of human In
terest incorporated therein. The type
of the Immigrant rather than the sig
nificance of his coming here is what
Interests the reader most.
Believing that good material lay "In
gutting the immigrant's point of view
to compare with the public-spirited
American one," Mr. Brandenburg de
termined to become one with the Ital
ian immigrant and to catch from that
position an appect with which the
great mass of the American' people Is
unfamiliar.- To that end the author,
accompanied by his wife, went to live
for- f everal months : in ■ the crowded
Italian tenements of. the East Side In
New 'York. Having acquired there
sufficient familiarity with the language
to insure the success of his scheme,
he went by the . uncomfortable steer
age route directly to Italy, the source
of supply. After haviny made a study of
the peasant life throughout the poorer
districts of Italy, he attached himself to
a Sicilian family, that was contemplat
ing a voyage to .America, and with
them he. made the , tedious voyage
a cross the;* ocean and passed through
the tortuous channels of Ellis Island.
So much for- the author's quest in
search of material. That it was pro
ductive of some very strong convic
tions Is apparent' throughout the book.
His dominant belief is that the Italian
immigrant as at class is endowed with
qualities muking for the best citizen
ship.' He admits, however, that the
leaven of bad existing is sufficient to
sour the whole dough. To obviate
this the author would have inspection
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU.
and restriction put upon immigrants
in their i"vn country, rather than at
the rxirttls of America. He believes
that an itinerant board of examiners
should first seek principles by going
to the very roots of immigration
sources and there passing upon the
aualihcations of ■ would-be citizens of
the republic.
More convincing than this rather
chimerical scheme. for the regulation
of immigration is, the author's draw
ing jf the type 'that represents Italy's
contribution' to our hodge-podge na
tionality. It was his experience that
throughout the whole agrarian' popu
lation America Avas synonymous^ with
the Promised Land of Biblical' lore.
Everywhere did he find it that^the
ultimate of individual endeavor was
emancipation from the tyranny of mili
tary conscription and the burden of
church tithes, and passage to the magic
land of the West. Significant is It,
according tp the author's deduction,
thjit those districts i the most rich are
the very ones which have contrlbuteu
most to the tide of immigration. A
family that has a representative In this
country is more fortunate than Its
fellows; a village that has contributed
many of its sons and daughters has
little debt to worry it. America is
measured by the dollar sign by all of
Italy's poor and Italy on its part profits
by the wholesale shipment of these
people to the Western land of oppor
tunity.
(Frederick A. Stokes Company, New
York; illustrated; price $1 60.)
JUVENILE
Books of the Season
S the Christmas holiday approaches
LI and the desk of the distraught re
j\ viewer becomes a very wilderness
* of books, all demanding atten
tion, he finds himself sore put to it to
satisfy both the publishers and the
readers of his page. What with two
score novels and j a baker's dozen of
books in heavier mold crowding imper
atively, may he not escape for the min
ute to the lighter and often more enter
taining task of giving the children's
books place? For Christmas is very
large on the horizon at present, and the
infant who does not find at least one
book under the toe of his stocking has
righteous cause for rebellion.
Boys. first. And for these I can think
of no better volume than Edwvn San
dy's' "Sportsman Joe." In this healthy
outdoor book the author of "Trapper
Jim" holds his young. readers close to
the fortunes of Joe, the young sports
man, who has the great food fortune
to leave the haunts of city life for a
wonderful trip, through the hunting
lands of Canada. He follows deer on
still hunt, he catches fighting trout In
the woodland torrents, he has a chance
at ducks and snipe, grouse and prairie
chicken. More a boy could not ask. Nor
can the boy reader ask more-. In telling
his story the author has filled the nar
rative with bits of woodcraft, the study
of wild things and the tricka of a sea
soned camper— things which •rery boy
wants to know, and once known to put
into; practice. .One does not necessarily
have to qualify in the "boys' size" class
to enjoy "Sportsman Joe."
(The Macmillan Company, New York;
Illustrated; price $1 SO.)
Egerton R. Young is a name well
known to all boy readers. This prolific
writer of books of adventure in the
north lands and,among the Indians, of
the Canadian Northwest, who draws all
his material from the fund of expe
rience furnished by long duty as a mis
sionary to the tribes, has now added to
the already long list of his juveniles
with a book which can be read by the
elders with no little profit. "Algonquin
Indian Tales." This book incorporates
a complete cycle of legends gathered
from the various branches of the Al
gonquin tribe, most of which center
about the mythological hero, Nanah
boozhoo, a mighty man and a very Pro
metheus for all the Indians of- the
north. In reproducing these folk. tales
of the savages the author has kept ad
mirably well the original spirit of
poetry resident In them; throughout
the entire length of the book th& spirit
of the woods and the solitudes is made
to breathe Its presence through the in
terpretations of the tales. For these le
gends, as tho3e of every primitive peo
ple, are In large part but the interpre
tation of nature's forces according to
the understanding of the rude wilder
ness dwellers.
(Eaton & Mains, New York; Illus
trated; price $1 25.)
"Strenuous Animals," being vera
cious tales of our furred and feathered
friends by Edward J. Webster, is Ern
est Thompson Setbn set to the measure
of roaring farce. 'While one Is Inclined
to wax exceeding tired with Mr. Se
ton's constant procession of straight
laced animals appealing to his lachry
mal ducts, I doubt If any person that
reads this book of uproarious mirth"
will gainsay the author's writing an
other like it, even though he may
switch his middle and last name in the
interim. The trained ferret that could
lay telephone cables, without tearing up
the city streets, the balloonist dog that
had the record, for 'sprinting, the elec
tric-motor frog— these weird creatures
of Mr. Webster's creation have Thomp
son Seton "backed right off the map,"
to adopt the superlative of Uncle Billy.
Amusing Illustrations by Kemble and
Bob Adams re-enforce the risible at
tributes of the book throughout.
(Frederick A. Stokes Company, New-
York; price $1.) :'>■■
Among recent stories of adventure
Edward Stratemeyer's . book, "Under
the,Mikado'B Flag," claims precedence.
It relates the adventures of two young
Americana , in , Korea and ' Manchuria
during the outbreak of the \ great war
between Russia and Japan, the leading
character being Gilbert Pennington,
the hero of "On to Pekln," and the
other, Ben Russell, who, With his
brothers, Larry and Walter. Is so well
known to the thousands of readers of
the famous ■ "Old ' Glory Series." It
closes with the great battle* of Liao
yang, arid- 1b as valuable j for j the in
formation conveyed as It is Interesting
as a story. * The boys of the whole
country have been- expecting Mr.
Stratemejer to give them a book on
the Japanese war, and he has respond
ed by oner of hia very best. .'•
(Lee & Shepard, Boston; •Illustrated;
price U 25.) -;; -;." :v -1 : . •
James Otis, the popular writer of
boys' juveniles, has produced a book
with a girl as the central figure. The
first Fourth" cf July, celebration, 5 when
Washington assembled his troops to
libten to the reading of the' Declaration
of Independence, Is the time of. this
exciting.-, story - for. children. Dorothy
Dean, the small daughter of -a patriot,
after seeing King George's statue
pulled down, and getting her best frock
spoiled by the crowds which even then
surged about in New York's streets, is
sent home for safety. But there she
and a playmate became involved in a
more seriou3 adventure with a British
spy. Thrilling events and' escapes fol
low fast in the story, but the ending ia
happy. The book is by a well-known
author of historical tales for children
and so closely has he woven this Into
actual incident that one cannot help
believing Dorothy to be as real a per
son as George Washington himself.
(Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New
York; illustrated; price 60 cents.)
"Stories of the Good Green Woods," by
Clarence Hawkes, Is a prettily worded
little book on nature study for small
readers. In this we become acquaint
ed with the family of Mother Fox; we
read the tragic tale of the pet cooa
which grew wild again; we witness the
plovers' fleld day; we follow tracks in
the snow and learn how to tell them;
we watch the Drummer of the Woods;
and we learn many secrets of wood
craft. Mr. Hawkes" Is one of our most
entertaining story-tellers in this field—
one whom the children will fallow
gladly upon these pleasant excursions.
The book is profusely illustrated by
faithful portraits of the small actcra
represented.
(Thomas Y. Crowell & Co , New
Ycvk: 'illustrated; price 60 cents.)
For very small youngsters thft season
eiTers much. In the first place th*re is
VMcClure's, Children's Annual," edit
ed by T. W. ' H. Crosland and
W. Coolinge. The book Is re
plete with pictures. full paged,
colored ones which catch the eye
of the toddler. Then there are jingle?,
little stories and games in plenty, writ
ten for the ready comprehension of first
reader folk— a complete entertainment
fc-r rainy afternoons. The book is pub
l»«-hed bv McClure, Phillips & Co., New
Ycrk.
The .-Saalfleld Company of Akron,
Ohio, publish Frances Tre^? Mont
gomery's last contribution to the Billy
Whiskers'" ..series, "Billy Whiskers'
Junior." Another book for nursery
fc-!k, complete in picture and text.
"Goop Tales,"- Gelett Burgess' last
chrpnicle of that Interesting tribe, Is
brought out by Frederick A. Stokes
Company, New York. Goops have their
place in the Infantile hall of fame
along with Brownies andv should re
ceive all honor. ..?*■-. * 7
•
MAGAZINES
in Holiday Dress
f^ HITHERTO unpublished poem
/J by John Oreenleaf Whlttler
I 1 will attract universal at
* tentlon to the December' At
lantic.
The number opens appropriately with
"A Christmas Sermon" by S. M. Croth
ers, seasonable semi-humorous appeal
for peace and good will and toleration
to all men. Samuel P. Orth follows
with "Our. State Legislatures." a vig
orous and searching analysis of the
characters and powers of these bodies
whose annual sessions begin so soon
in all the capitals qt the country, 'and
of the real dangers to be apprehended
from them. Henry A. Stlmson dis
cusses "The Millionaire's Peril"— a vig
orous and timely paper on the tempta
tions and dangers of wealth — and
GeOrge M. Gould, II. D., contributes a
brilliant and philosophical paper on
the "Infinite Presence." In fiction,
"Isidro" continues . to attract and ex
cite its readers; short stories and es
says include "When "Least Aware," a
delicately told .and suggestive lovs
story bv ; Ellen Duvall; "Marlanus," a
convent romance by Agnes Reppller,
and "Miss Gaylord and Jenny," a
startling tale of love and hypnotism
by Arlo Bates. Professor William
James sends his striking speech at the
late Peace Banquet; and J. Macdonald
Oxley contributes "A Veteran Skater's
Gossip." ■EgHi|HU£t||
Literary papers; and studies are
"Emerson," bv the' late^Henry James,
Sr.: "arotlus" -(first paper),, by An
drew p. 'Whltei \ "Christina RossettI,"
by Paul E/More; reviews of "The His
tory , of ' 'Twenty-five j .'The
Poems of Freheau," andrbooks new and
old, as usual.-. In addition to the post
humous Whittier '/poem, ,yerses . are
furnished by Arthur' Colton and Nannie
Byrd Turner, and the Contributors'
Club is brilliant and interesting." ~~*:>
The December Delineator, with its
message of good cheer, and helpfulness,
will be welcomed In" every home. The
fashion pages are unusually attractive,
illustrating and describing the very
latest mode* In a wiry lo make their
construction during the busy festive
season a pleasure insU-ad of a task,
and the literary and pietoriil features
are of rare excellence. A selection o"
love songs from the Warner opera*,
rendered into English hy Richard L-
Gallienne and beautifully illustrated
In colors by J. C Lyendocker. occupies
a prominent place, and a chapter in
the Composers' Series', rehitir.se the ro
manees of Wagner and Cosima, i3 an
Interesting supplement to the lyrics.
A very clever pnper entitled "The
t'ourt Glrclea of the Republic." de
scribing some unique phases oC Wash
ington- social life, is from an unnamed
contributor, who 13 said tr> write from
the inner circles of society. There are
some short stories- from the pens of
F. Hopkinson Smith. Robert Gijant.
Alice .Brown, 'Mary Stewart Cutting
and Elmore EKiott Peake, and'su'eh
interesting writers os Juli;*. Masruder,
L. Frank Baum and Grace MacGowan
Cooke hold the attention of the chil
dren. Many Christmas eusKestIor.3 are
given In needlework and the eookery
pages are redolent of the Christmas
feast. In addition, there are the regu
lar departments of the magazine, with
many special articles on topics relat
ing to woman's interests wjthiii and
without the homei
The san Francisco News** Cqmpany
are the agents for the English Christ
mas annuals, whose elaborate publica
tions are yearly the event of the sea
son in the periodical world. The Christ
mas number of Holly Leaves, accom
panied by well colored plates, presents
its readers with an excellent contents
of storv and Illustration. Morley Rob
erts, J. J. Bell and "Rita" are among
Its leading contributors. The Christ
mas Graphic, with its remarkably fine
lithograph print of the coronation and
its outside cover from a painting of
Reynolds, Is noteworthy for the art
work expended upon its make-up as
well as the reading matter it contain?.
Robert Hlchens, Morley Roberts and
S. Baring-Gould have contributed note
worthy stories for the number. Pear's
Annual, more gaudy as to color than
Its contemporaries, is, nevertheless,
full of good material. Percy Fitzgerald
contributes the leading article. "Christ
mas Days With Dickens," a compilation
of descriptions devoted to holiday fes
tivities from all "of the great writer's
works. The article la illustratad by
reproductions In colors from all the
Dickens illustrators.
New Books Received
AMERICAN WIVES AND OTHERS-tferora*
K. Jerome; Frederick A. Stokes Company. N»w
York: Illustrated: prlca $1 60.
A JAPANESE RO1IAN-C3— Cl!v» Holland;
Frederick A. Stches Company. X«ir Tork; U
hittratjd: prlcw $1 50. 'T ,'
FLOWER FABLES AND FANCIES— X.
Hudson Moore; Frederick A. Stokas Company.
New York; llluitrated; price $1 CO.
GILHOOLEYISMS— "Lord Gllhoolay"; Fred
erick A. Stokes Company. New York; Illustrat
ed by T. •flemlns; price SO cents.
ATOMS OF EMPIRE— Cutllffe Ilyne: Tho
Macmiilan 'Company, New York; pric« U 50.
WANTED: A COOK— Allan Dale; Bobba-
Merrtll Company. Indianapolis; pries $1 50
MFE IN SINO SING— -Number 1300";
Bobbs-Merrlll Company. Indianapolis- sr!ea
$t 60. ' -
FOLX.Y FOR THE WISE— Carolyn Weils;
robbs-Merrlll Company, Indianapolis; il
lustrated.
RAIBERLAND— S. R. Crockett; Dodd. Head
& Co.. N«w York; Illustrated; price $2.
THE AGE OF INNOCENCE— WalUr Rus
sell; Dodd. Mead & Co.. New York; Illustrated
price $2.
SCROGGINS— John Url Lloyd; Dodd. Mead
& Co., Now York; Illustrated; prtc« $1 BO.
A LITTLE FOUNTAIN OF LIFE— Marlon
Foster Washburne; Rand. JIcNally A Co.,
Chicago; price $1.
FRECKLES AND TAN— Rowland C. Bow
man; Rand. MeNally & Co., Chicago; Illustrat
ed; price Z>0 cents.
. CHUOGINS— H. Irvlnr Hancock: Hsnry
Altemus Company, Philadelphia;. Illustrated.
HER FIANCE— Josephine. Dcdzs Daskam;
Henry Altemus Company, PhilajSalshta; 11
lustratet).
. 1WICE A MAN— Clark H. Bronsoa; Bron
son & Co.. Chicago; Illustrated.
TA LIT II A CUMI— Annie J. Holland; Leo &
Shepard, Boston;, srica 91 SO. V
OCT OF. THE NORTHLAND— Em«li» Kip
Baker:. The Macmillan Company, N«w York;
Pocket Classics series; rrlc« 23 cents.
A NATION'S IDOL— CiarUs Feltoa Plirln;
Henry Alt-muj Company. Philadelphia
THIRTEEN MILES FROM HOME— William
T. Hodxa; Small. Maynard St Co., Boston; il
lustrated.
WALT WHITMAN— Isaac Hull Platt; Small.
Maynard & Co.. Boston; price 73 cents.
THE LOVER'9 RUBAIYAT— Edited by Jes
3I9 B. Rlttenhouse; Small. Maynard A Co..
Boston. . ,.•■■-.
WIT AND HUMOR OF WELL KNOWN
QUOTATIONS—Edited by Marshall Brown;
Small. Maynard ft Co.. Boston.
THE FLORENTINES — Maurice- V. Samuels;
Brantano'a, New York.
THE ORIENTAL. RXJO BOOK— Mary
Churchill Rlpley; Frederick A. Stokes CQav
p«ny. Near York; Illustrated; prtc» |3.
FROM' TOKIO THROUGH MANCHURIA—
Louis Livingston* Seaman; D. App'.eton A Co..
New York: Illustrated; price $1 60.
THE NEW PHILOSOPHY— Arthur Crans;
published privately. Son Francisco.
FROM CRYPT TO CHOIR— Louis Alexander
Robertson; A. N". Rob»rtaon. Saa Francisco;
price |1.
A SONG OF LIFE— Albert T. Atkins; 403
Parrott tmlldinr. Saa Francisco. . .-
HOMOPHONIC VOCABULARY LV TEN
LANGUAGES— Charles B. Walta; A. C. Mc-
Clurs & Co.. Chicago.
COMMERCIAL LAW— D. Curtis Gano; Th»
American Book Company, New YorU.
EXERCISES IN ALGEBRA— Robblns and
Somnicrville; The American Boole Company.
New York: price SO cents.
LA VIDA E3 SUENO— Calderon; edltrd
with notes by W. W. Cnnfort; Th« American
Book Coraoany. New York; prico TO cents.
CALENDAR FOR IOCS— M. M. Cas«; H. S.
Crocker A Co.. San Francisco; prlc» 51.
ALICE IN* WONDERLAND— Lewis Carroll;
Frederick A. Stokes 'Company, New York; Il
lustrated byM.'L, Kirk and John Tennlel;
price $1 50. - ' ,. ;'.
AMT DOTtA'S .AMU3TNO DAT— Frank M.
Btckn«M; Henry. Altemus Company. Philadel
phia; Illustrated. ■
BABY BIBLE STORIES— G«rtrnd» Smith:
Henry Altemus Company. Philadelphia; Il
lustrated.
MAMMY'S LI" L* CHTLLUKS— Written and
Illustrated by Clara A. William*: Frederick A.
Stokes Ccmrany. New York; price *1.
AS THEY WERE— Drawings by Olga Mor
jan: Frederick A. Stokos Company. New York;
prica *1 CO.
SNOWLAND FOLK — Robert E. Peary: Kre.l
erlck A. Stokes Company.? New Yoik; illustrat
ed hy. photographs; rricell 20. ..
DENSLOWS SCARECROW AND THE TIN
jj a j; w. W. Denslow; G. W. Diningham &
Co.. New York: illustrated in colon; prlcj
$1 25. *.~ ; \
BUSTER BROWN ABROAD— R. T. Out
caulti. Frederick A. Stokes Compujr, New
York;- price- 91.Tlkese Are
the Lucky
15O Prize
Winners
in ihe Puzzle
Contest
November 27
THESE are the names of th«
lucky 160 prize Tilnners In the
jiuzzle contest of November 27,
the names of parts of a house:
Ethel Nelson. 217 Twenty-ninth street,
Ean Francisco; Angele Thomas, 858
Fourteenth street, San Francisco; Earle
ilisener, C3 Julian avenue, San Francis
co; Martha Sauer, SS79 Seventeenth
street, San Francisco; H. Muller, 112
&n Carlos avenue, San Francisco; Les
ter "Wessling;, l?09 Sutter street, San
FrancFico; Quita Stevens, 219 Twenty
seventh street, San Francisco; Aldo
O'Keeffe, 1!9 B street, San Francisco;
Elinor Bertola, Martinez; Charlie Wa
terbury, €S Chattanooga street, San
Francisco: Margaret Eddinston, Sacra
mento; Eva Cornell, Sacramento; Clif
ford. 'Williams, Grass Valley; Henrietta
Liguori. Agnew; Selma Frazier, Sacra
mento; Eugene Coombs, Lindsay; How-
ard Fical, Oak Park; Elton Sherwood,
Sacramento; Ernest Brown, Alameda;
Edith Erdmann, 7CS Sixteenth street,
Oakland; E. Lichthardt, Sacramento;
Jennie McClure. Palo Alto; Will New
man, 204 Eiprhth street, Oakland; Car
rie Jensen, Palo Alto; Ida O'Brien. 313
Eleventh Ftreet. Oakland; Anna Paul.
i~uisun; Oladys O'Brien, 313 Eleventh
Ftreet. Oakland; Charley Bennett,
Berkeley: Edith Hey wood, Berkeley;
Edward Wejmore, Berkeley; Louisette
Aubert, 1S34 O'Farrell street, San Fran
cisco; Berniee Brownwell, 1'j3 Madison
ttreet, Oakland; Marion Bogle, Santa
Ban; Frank Lash, Suisun; Floyd Her
riford, Palo Alto; Myrtle Lewin, Palo
Alto; Margie Biederman, 439 Austin
avenue, San Francisco; Ruth McNeill,
Sausalito; Dorothy Wetmore, Berkeley;
Kcppel Jones, Hay wards; Ebba
iiraese. 2622 Folsom street, San
Francipco; Walter Ollson, South
Berkeley; Albion Escola, Rocklin; May
Moyle, 119 Twentieth Etreet, Oakland;
Albert Hill. 1613 Telegraph avenue.
Oakland; G. Landsbort, Florin; Low
ell Cobb. Palo Alto; Willie Cobb, Palo
Alto; Harry Bradley, Alameda; Kath
leen Caler. 3739 Seventeenth street.
Fan Francisco; Forrest Hurlbut, 1104
Kanta Clara avenue. Alameda; Jeff
Hanson. 210 Fair Oaks street, San
Francisco; Tom Boyle, Sll Green
wich street, San Francisco; Winie
Thomas. S24 Elsie street, San Fran
cisco; Milton Thomas, S24 Elsie street,
£an Francisco; Kathryn Slevin, 1096
Treat avenue. San Francisco; Helen
Jonas. C24 Ellis street, San Francisco;
Neal McGettigan, 822 Fell street, San
Francisco; Owen Maurer, Fruitvale;
MeU'ln Morken. San Mateo; H. Hood,
Frultvale; William Glenn, Fruitvale;
Lizette Christy, San Jose; Matthew
Cooper, San Jose; Dorothy Crawford,
2226^ Post street, San Francisco;
Milton Richards, 1113 Castro street,
Kan Francisco: Gertrude Colwell, San
ta Rosa; Minnie Agxam, South Berke
ley; Ward Grant, Ban Rafael; Manns
Isoard. Nevada City; William Smith.
Petaluma; Robert Younger, Sacra
mento; Georgie Deckard, 1112 Wil
low street. Oakland; Louis Frlarit, 729
Clayton street, San Francisco; Charles
Manifold, Alameda; Fred Musso, San
Jose; May Taylor. 858 Ca«tro street,
Oakland; Katie Taylor, S5S Castro
ftreet. Oakland: Geraldine Boothe,
Petaluma; George Stokel. Frultvale;
Richard Curtis, 3172 Twenty-fifth
Mreet San Francisco; Lucretia Mas
tick. 1213 Jones street, San Francisco;
Irene Warnecke, 707 Clayton street,
Fan Francisco; Linden Naylor, Berks
ley; Francis Ralph, Alameda;
Henry Ralph. Alameda; Willis
Lynn, 56 Pierce street, San Fran
<-isco; E. C. Herriman, Port Costa;
Josie Galllgan. 217>4 Eignth street, San
Francisco; Charlie G a Hi Kan, 217%
Eighth Etreet, San Francisco; Daniel
Ross, 844 Oak street, Oakland; George
Jenninps. 1019 Seventh avenue, Oak
land; T. A. Sexton, 8B1 Washington
street. Oakland; Kitty Castillo. 1011
Webster street, Oakland; John Castillo-,
1011 Webster street, Oakland; Leslie
Collins. Hay wards; Aubrey Butler,
Healdsburg; Meade Galnes, Richmond-
Mildred Nidever. Salinas; Emerson
Read, 240 Chapultepec street, San Fran
cisco; Ruby King. Petaluma: Eliza
Keating. CastrovlUe; John Rohr, Mill
Valley; Fern Payne. Dos Palos-
Charles Macintosh, Hay wards; Harold
Richardson, Petaluma; Harold Cody
SCO Potrero avenue. San -Francisco'
George Wihr, 11 Metropolitan avenue,
San Francisco: Nellie Scriven, Melrose;
Ernestine Biedermann, 655 Devisadero
Etreet. San Francisco; Charlie Baci
galupi. 2113 Mason street. San Fran
cisco: Frank Coburn, Berkeley; Karl
ton Chamberlln, Healdsburg; Gertrude
Brown. Alameda; - Elton Sherwood,
Sacramento; Veronica LIguori, Agnew;
Erwin Morrison, Tracy; Harry Moseley
1723 Fifth Fteet, Oakland; Laura Mose
ley, 1725 Fifth street, Oakland;- Flossie
Simon, Stockton; . Haryey Olds... 2511
Shattuck avenue, Berkeley; F.- Alle
man, San Jose; Elizabeth Kendall. 1076
Fourteenth street, Oakland; • Alex
Crabb. Milpitas; Alice Wilson. Healds
burg; Eugene Kirgan, Benicia; F. Tow
er, 526 McAllister street, San- Francisco;
Beatrice Miner, 126% Liberty street,
San Francisco; George King, 'Alameda;
Edith Powers, Lodi; Alice Mayberry,
Antioch; Jack Uguori, • Agnew; Leo
Wade, Alviso; B.'Andrade, San Rafael;
Chester ChamberJin. Healdsburg; Ceeil
Chamberlin. Healdsburg; George Wolfe,
Fresno-; Gilbert Brierly, Agnew; AJbert
Whitchurst, Gilrpy; Patience Nott
Xatti«rt; Alice Andrei.
NAME
PUZZLES
THE- SAN 'FRANCISCO- SUNDAY: GALU
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
Sea^^UT; Ss^s^^^H; and Ftrty o. ! Tr)«rTi-«
ForThosV; Who Su^S; ; ; ' Xhzte puzsigs tc-Day.
The Puzzle KtlJtor was sorry to disappoint you all last week, but ho thought he could give you a
week's ■ vacation so that you would be In good spirits to try to-day's; list of puzzles. You will notice a
new list of ' books to-day. The. PuzzJt* Editor -searched every book store In San Francisco before finding a
series which would be appropriate as a Christmas morning gift from The Sunday Call, and at last selected
the beautiful boys' and , girls' - books given below. .- ''( ri*'
The books arc by. the very best 'known writers of . children's books. They will be mailed to prize
winners so .that they will arrive about Christmas, although the names will not appear until Christmas morn
ing. _ . . : v . .- ■ oV'M-.^'
. . Tlicre are represented here the names of eight animals seen at the Zoo. Barring the "ant-eater"
they should all come'aftcr a little diligent st-.idy. .",'./ > - N \* -
Ilere are some particular, points ' to • bear in , mind. ALWAYS BE .ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN THAT
YOU GIVE YOUK ADDRESS CORRECTLY AXD LEGIBLY, for several dozen books have been returned
because of Incorrect addresses. So if your name was published and you did not receive a' book please
write to the; Puzzle Editor. %V}1
REMEMBER THE RULES CONCERNING PICTURES. Don't send In untoncd proofs or stamp
photos. unP-3S they are Very plain. ' Tliose who work : hard but are so unlucky as to Just miss may get their
picture in- as a reward for trying. -Pictures ne*-er appear at the same time witli the names.
TliEltE AUK OXE HUNDRED AND FltTY riUZSS, and this is what j ou must do to win, one ot
them: '. *. ■ ■'.-■"•..' •" ' : - ■ ■. "- \. : .■ ' :'■ : • . '.. : "
Flnd'the names of, >anlmals on this page and .write them out ;in. the space opopslts the proper cor
respondhig: numbers provided for the'-purpose ;ln 'the -coupon on tills page, as per -directions; fill hi the
coupon with your name -and address and, the prize you desire — if you win — and send the coapon to the
EDITOR. OP .THE NAME PUZZLE 'PAGE, Sunday <Call,: San Francisco, Cal. *
■'{'■}^^ REMEMBER— To : the. FIRST ONE HUNDRED - AXD : FIFTY. BOYSAND GIRLS who solve the eight
puzzles correctly, one of these ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded.
■ ■ And. donV forget > this -next, point, because it'ls very Important:, ALL 'ANSWERS 31UST K41:VC1I THIS
OFFICE BY FIUDAY;NOON. ; Thls r gives all those In the country nn equal cliancc to compete. Read
everything, on 'this page, , to ibe sure that' you : overlook nothlnz that will help you to win « prize,
1 - '; THE NAMES. OF. THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED; IN THE SUNDAY: CALL TWO
WEEKS 1 FROM vTO-DAY, December 25.- : , -> , '.;- ,. .,,.;, , . .;'.,". . *
.Ttieso arethe TEN BEAutifulj BOOKS from which you may, choose if you solve all the puzzles cor
rectly: ;\;. ;•.>..■■..•,.•:-.■':. ■■' ■■;.'•.:•_.■ - '; ...";■ :;; . : -. : . ,.■; •'. '... .;. : .; . _, "..:__- ,..' ; ,
-:■■'■• •'• The r Captain's Dog, by-Louis Enault; .The Cat and the Candle, .by. Mary F. .Leonard; Christmas at
Deacon Hackett's, by James Otis; Dick in the Desert, by, James Otis; Half a Dozen Thinking Caps, by Mary
Leonard; How'Tommy Saved the Barn, by James Otis; Our Uncle the »IaJor, a stor>* of 1763, by. James Otis;
Playground Tonl,by Anna'Chapln Ray; Prince Priglo,, by Andrew Lang; The Wreck of the Chrcus.:by James
Otis ■■ ■■■ •' •'■•■' .",...'..■■. ;"• " .:-::■■;■•■■«:'•■■ , •' '•...■:.•". . . • . - •
Leona Hogan, Melrose; John McLaren,
San Ariselmo; - Howard Cuyler, South
Berkeley;. Russell Evans, So Colllng
wood qtreet, . San Francisco; T. Hop
kins San Anselmo; Harold Carto, 3130
Nineteenth street. San Francisco; Hor
ace Rice. San Rafael; olive "Walker,
San Rafael; Peter Snooks, San Ansel
mo; "W. McLeod, 1341' Pine street, San
Francisco. • ■'■>'■■
» Solye the Puzzles,
I Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
<!
4 To Puzzle Editor, Call,
j; c ...San Francisco:
!; "Below to theftp proper nnm-
j! bers please find my solution of
the names of animal* hi this
week's puzzles:
\
I | 1 .«••«. ',^ '. J - V. a « • * • » » V» • . • •
jl 2 >.^
\
8 v —
V
:> 4
ij
; ! 5....^.... .—. ... .^. ......^.».
Z>'>
<t 8. •••••«•••"•• •»■» •«• »-» •••-• ►•»•
I' •
December 11, 1904.
Name •• ••»■»■•-• :
Street or P. O. ......... ....•.».«
'■
State «•«»« U :
If I win I choose for prize <
<
i
I, •••••■••..........•.....*•••• 4
t t
I (See Ust of Pr!zea.yno_textno_textno_textno_textPages 17 to 26
QUEEN OF COSTERS
WHOSE LOVABLE TRAITS ENDEAR HER
TO HER "SUBJECTS" IN LONDON IS A
WOMAN OF WEALTH
SHE BLENDS. COMMERCIALISM AND CHARITY
Rickety Flight of Stairs Leads Up to r "Her Majesty's Palace"
LONDON, Dec. 10. — England poss
esses several queens besides the dis
tinguished woman who occupies the
throne with King Edward. To men
tion a few of them only, there is a
queen of the costers, a queen of the
gypsies, a canal queen and a "queen
cf the thieves." The last named, how
over, is at present in temporary re
tirement, owing: to -^grtu 4n-*dtfl!i tfW Jc f .i
with his Majesty's Government. Each
commands the loyalty of the commun
ity over which she rules for the time
being, and It Is only in most extraor
dinary cases that one of them is ever
deposed.
Such a queen is never an autocrat,
but governs democratically. The dig
nity is never self-imposed; in fact the
woman may go to bed at night plain
Mrs. Jones and find herself a queen of
her particular class the next morning.
This is how Mrs. Sarah Russell, thw
queen of London costers, was crowned.
A plain, simple, honest, hard-working
little woman on the right side of 40,
she is a conspicuous personality in cos
terdom. Looking at her no one would
imagine she could wield the influence
Ehe does over the rather tough com
munity in which she moves. She is
modest and unassuming and there is
nothing about her which would indi
cate that she Is the wealthiest woman
of her class in England.
HAS GOOD BANK ACCOUNT.
Her "palace" Is situated in a most
•uncongenial neighborhood, and one has
to climb a Bet of rickety stairs to reach
"her Majesty's" drawing-room. There
you will find her absorbed In a multi
tude of books and papers^in which the
Etate of her finances is primitively set
out. She Is sufficiently industrious to
dispense with the services of clerks or
bookkeepers, and it is the Commission
ers of the Income Tax only who can
pive anything like an approximate idea
of the etate of the queea's banking
account. It is hinted that she Is worth
at least $20,000 in hard cash and that
her yearly income cannot fall short of
52000.
The most substantial part of this in
come is derived from the hiring out of
barrows a.nd trucks to costercnongers
who hawk their wares through the
London streets. She controls over 300
of these trucks and barrows. They cost,
■when new, anything between J15 and
$50, and the usual charge to the hirer
is 25 cents a week.
The business to the unltlated , might
appear somewhat risky, because all
that is demanded of the person who
hires them is a deposit of 25 cents and
his name and address. Some of these
barrows are kept out • two or three
years at a stretch, and in numerous
cases they are never returned to the
Etores until their usefulness is exhaust
ed or they require repair. The hiring
fees have to be paid monthly, and per
cons of doubtful honesty are kept un
der observation by the "queen" and
members cf her staff.
BEGAN IN HER YOUTH.
Mrs. Russell's confidential man
combines various duties. He deals
with prospective renters, takes their
cash and In his spare moments does
a bit of carpentry and smith work.
Moreover, he never fails to impress
upon one that he has from his boy
hood worked for and enjoyed the con
fidence of queens. He is a retired
non-commissioned army officer and he
is as loyal to his present sovereign,
the queen of the costers, as he was to
Queen Victoria during his thirty
years of army service. All the trucks
and barrows are constructed on the
premises and in the busy season,
•which Is between June and October,
employment is provided for a num
ber of wheelwrights, smiths and car
penters.
In her youth Mrs. Russell assisted
ber father and mother in the coster
: - st/Jtk
business, but since her marriage she
has been able to live an easier and
more comfortable life. She is now a
widow. Her husband had been a
coster from his boyhood and it was
mostly through his energy and indus
try that the present business was
built up. Since . left . to her own re
sources she has shown a grasp of the
working of the concern that aston
ishes people wlth ; wider., experiences.
She is acquainted with, every part
and every little detail In the con
struction of barrows and trucks and
neither smiths nor carpenters could
deceive her with regard to the quality
of their work.
HER CHARITABLE ACTS.
' She is an extremely charitable
woman to her class and it is this fea
ture in her character that has ele
vated her to the dignified and distin
guished position she enjoys among
the costers of London. If trade Is
bad or a coster has fallen on evil
times through some unforeseen cir
cumstance she will lend him money
to purchase the necessary little stock
of fruit, vegetables or some other
salable article that may enable him
to get on his feet again. When a
death occurs in the coster communi
ty she can always be depended on to
advance the money for the burial un
til there is time to get up the usual
"friendly dead" by which every cos
ter pays a little to defray the ex
penses of the funeral.
■ Mrs. Russell never misses one of
these sad processions . and it is only
on such occasions that she puts on
anything approaching style. Her well
equipped brougham is always In the
first flight of coster vehicles and al
though it bears no external marks of
royal distinction it is always pointed
out as" "the queen's carriage."^ At
coster, weddings, too, she is much in
evidence, and the happy pair can al
ways rely on receiving a substantial
and useful wedding present from her.
At such ceremonies she Is distin
guished by the quietness of her dress,
which is in striking contrast to the
cheap and flambuoyant finery affected
by coster women on these occasions.
BARROWS OF ALL COLORS.
'It is only In the colors of her barrows
that she shows any ambition to shine
in the coster world. These are painted
in all the shades of the rainbow, just to
suit the coster taste. Her name and
address are inscribed on every barrow
and truck, but there is no sign of the
royal arms anywhere. Although she
lives in the midst of a thickly popu
lated district,' her immediate neighbors
appear to be only a achoolhouse and a
dingy looking little church. There is no
record that society ever penetrated
within her dominions except when the
Marquis of Headfort married Rosie
Boote, a gayety dancer, at the little
church referred to. Mrs. Russell does
not forget - to , tell you that she was
present at that wedding — not as an in
vited guest, but as a spectator.
At ,the annual athletic sports of the
Costers' Association she occupies the
post of honor on the grand stand and
contributes liberally, to the prizes, espe
cially those for the donkey and barrow
races. . " .■•..;
BRIDGE STILL THE RAGE.
It is not expected that the denuncia
tion of the craze for bridge in so-call
ed high society will'have any apprecia
ble effect In abating indulgence In this
popular form of '• gambling. There is
one man who. could accomplish more
In the way of "checking it than- all the
clergymen' in the Church of " England,
were he so minded. If the t King were
to give up playing bridge and r exclude
it from the games provided for his en
tertainment 1 at the great. houses which
he visits the force of his : example
influence" combined would "exercise a
tremendous effect. But* he shows no
SAN FRANGISGO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER ; 11, 1904.
intention of denying himself the pleas
ure he #ets out of it.
During his recent sojourn at Glen
quoich as' the guest of Lord Burton he
played long every night, his partner
being Miss Jane.Thornewill, sister . of
Lady Burton, who rejoices in the repu
tation of being the best woman bridge
player in all Kngland. It has already
been announced that he intends to, re
peat his .visit next , yjear, to , bo eiiWT*
talned in similar fashion:
KING AN ENTHUSIAST.
As the King's "clerk of the closet,"
an office corresponding to that of fath
er confessor, and for which, by the
way, he is paid $55 a year, in addition
to his salary of $75,000 a year, the Arch
bishop of Canterbury is supposed to
be specially charged with looking after
the King's spiritual welfare. At the re
cent church congress in Boston no
suggestion, however, was made of ap
pealing to the King to lend his assist
ance to an antt-bridge crusade. Mean
while there is no doubt that the game
has revived the gambling mania to such
an extent that it is cutting deep into
fashionable finances. "Week-end parties
at the great country houses, which
used to be devoted in the main to
healthful outdoor sport and recreation,
now frequently serve as excuses for
bridge playing all day long and far
into the night, Sundays included. And
on Monday mornings, when the parties
break up, it is quite a common thing
to see the guests exchanging checks
for considerable amounts.. .
ENGLISH SOCIETY GOSSIP.
It is a coveted mark of distinction
among our feminine aristocracy to be
pre-eminent in the display of some va
riety \ of gems. The Duchess of Rox
burghe stands easily first in the mat
ter of turquoises, which are peculiarly
adapted to her. type of beauty. The
great bulk of them were collected be
fore her marriage, while she was still
Miss May Goelet. Buying here and
there and always displaying excellent
judgment in her purchases, she haa ac
quired no less than a hundred brooches,
pendants, earrings and bracelets stud
ded with these precious stones. They
were broken up after her marriage,
and she now wears them in the form of
a suDerb ornament. To complete it in
accordance with her design a few tur
quoises had to be added to those she
had already, obtained, but it took
months to procure. them and the best
European markets were ransacked , for
them, because her own maiden collec
tion of absolutely faultless
stones, perfectly matched In color, and
she would be content with none that
did - not conform to the same high
standard.
MRS. BONYNGE'S PLANS.
Next season will find Mrs. Bonynge,
mother of Viscountess Deerhurst, fixed
up in a London "residence which she
will occupy for the greater part of the
year. Since her recent arrival in Lon
don she 'has been exploring Mayfair
and Belgravia for a suitable house. In
both localities there are a considerable
number, of houses to let just .'now so
that it is easy enough to get a real
good establishment at a very moder
ate rental. Money is so scarce that a
number of people are letting; their town
houses and are moving into flats.' Thus
report- the fashionable real " estate
agents.
Mrs. Bonynge has just made an offer
for a house In Chesterfield Gardens, a
few doors away from Mrs. ? Bradley
Martin" and; Lady Craven. She has her
eye also on a ; magnificent residence/ in
Grosvenor Gardens in Beigravia, but "as
Chesterfield 'Gardens • Js '• more 5 in /; the
heart of the^American colony it is be
lieved she will make It" her. choice., -She
la at present staying with her 'daughter
at the latter's" country; house ; in Essex
and is making herself : most /agreeable
to all around her. She visits the local
schools and distributes ; quantities of
chocolate and toys; to the .younger
children. . On market ... days she goes
Into the towns of Chelmsford arid Rom
ford and takes a keen Interest in all
that is going on, especially, in the sale
and purchase of agricultural produce.
. .SEES POINTS OF INTEREST.
e visited ;Lady^War-_
wick's .tr«iining>home. for. young .women
at .Diinmow and was 1 highly pleased
"with the provision that had been 1 made
for turning out these women fit and
competent housekeepers. _ She expressed
a hope that Lady Deertiurst might one
day be able to direct a similar institu
tion. . .
This hustling American matron has
seen more of Essex during the . few
weeks, she has been there than her
daughter has. been able to in the years
she has been in England. Mrs.
Bonynge has motored to all the places
of Interest in the county, including
Claybury Lunatic Asylum, which is
supposed to be the most perfect insti
tution of its kind in Europe. She has
s"een Dr. Barnardo's homes at Barking
side and General Booth's farm for the
submerged tenth at Hadlelgh. She
went on to Osea Island, where the ex
brewer Charrington' is endeavoring to
convert aristocratic topers. She also
visited the old inn at Chigwell and saw
the old room where Dickens spent so
many pleasant evenings. Mrs. Bonynge
is so pleased with all the surround
ings in Essex that she expressed a hope
she could make it her, permanent home.
FINDS WOMEN IN CLUB
. ENJOYING A SMOKE
Military Man Reaches London From
India and Is" Shocked at What
- He Beholds.
LONDON. Dec. 10.— An amusing in
cident and one illustrative of the ra
pidity with which modern manners and
customs are changing occurred at the
new Lyceum Club for women In Picca
dilly on a recent Sunday. A military
man, with sun-tanned face and .fierce
gray mustache, stalked into the "main
saloon and seated himself near a "mix
ed" tea party. - From behind his
paper he glared for a few moments at
the women, who were smoking.' Then
he called a waiter and stormed under
his breath. The waiter fled and sent
an official. of the club to him! After
some mutual explanations the' old vet
eran strode out of the room,
bestowing a parting frown on its oc
cupants.
He had landed that morning from
India, and, unaware that the rising
feminine tide had engulfed the Im
perial Service Club, had hastened to
what had ' been his favorite hanglng
out place in the old days. But his sur
prise on discovering; it- no longer exist
ed was slight* to the shock he experi
enced on learning that during : his ab
sence smoking": had become a fashion
able'femiriine accomplishment.
SAVED ALL HIS 3IONEY
FOR " HANDSOME COFFIN
When He ? ; Died, / However,- Relatives
N ;£ Got a Plain One and Divided
His Wealth. -
MOSCOW, Dec. 10 •;— In,' a plain" deal
coffin' carried on a tradesman's cart the
body -of -Dmitri Ragoskin, aged 104
years, was to-day borne to its last rest
at ' Kharkoff. ■■ Very different was the
funeral', planned ;by. Ragoskin for him
self.^ For the -last years every
penny • he saved j went into -a fund;
which, was '■ to .'remain; intact until - the
day " of '; his death ; in order to; provide
him "with; the; most 'magnificent funeral
possible. When; Ragoskin died his rela
tives sold the gorgeous coffin randfslllu
en 'shrouds and;, divided among .them
selves-the $15,000 accumulated; for'; the
funeral.'" •*■.■. .' :v -' '/a;,-.'; :.'- 1 '; -;:•':" ' •-■■ \ :i c '
I WEALTHY QUEEN OF THE COSTERMONGERS . OF THE : ENGIjISH METROPOLIS. WHO HOLPS HER HIGH FLA.CB 1
AMONG THEM BECAUSE OF HER KEEN BUSINESS ABILITY AND THE KINDNESS SHU SHOWS AT ALL TIMES
! TO THE GREAT NUMBER WHO PATRONIZE HER. ,
ALHAMBRA MAY
SOON FALL.
Structure Near Ruin
-GRANADA, Dec. 10.— It was no mere
alarmist report, which was sent , out
from this country a few days ago. re
garding the condition of the world-fam
ous i Alhambra. • The cracks which
have appeared in its walls are serious,
and it would not be surprising if the
historic building be overtaken by the
same fate which .befell the Campanile
at Venice. It might easily be saved by
prompt action on the part of the Span
ish Government, ..but there is little hope
that such action will be taken. Official
dom* for years, has neglected the Al
hambra In a fashion .which would have
outraged .' Washington Irving, and the
present condition of the wonderful
monument of . Moorish elegance and
grandeur is merely the natural result. *■
r A curious feature of .the Alhambra is
a memento . of the • assistance .rendered
by. the English in driving the^Trench
out of Spain. A park of English ? elms
covers the approach. This was a pres
ent from the Duke of Wellington, who
sentithe trees. over, from England :to
Ferdinand .VII after the grateful mon
arch had made over a Spanish estate to
the English general.
In v lS21*the ancient pile .was shattered
by ' an earthquake. That so, much of.it
has L . survived * so .many, vicissitudes; is
striking "evidence , of the consummate
mastery of the, old ' Moorish", builders.. *
Enough of its original lavish splendor
is still to be seen to .".make lit' easily
understood, whence arose the popular
belief- that its , great K , founder, Ibn : el-
Ahrnar.' dealt. 'in magic. ~ . ,,;
Leopold Buys Riviera . Estate.
* NICE, Dec 10.— King Leopold of Bel
gium L has V bought \ffom\ its:' proprietor
the' Hotel ' dii Cap .d'Antibes, a , charm-^
irig Riviera estate of twenty -four acres,
extending, from the.Capj d'Antibes road
on "the'^north to the v sea ; on" the 'south.
The'eitate comprises a JaFge but" unfin
ished fj villa, (which * was begun': thirty,
years agol f Only- the 1 first 4 floor* is 'built;
butthe King probably jwlll complete it.
Pages 17 to 26
MRS. LANGTRY
IS NO LONGER
A FAVORITE
Once Popular : Actress
' .: Sailing Upon Sea
of Trouble.:
LONDON, Dec. 10.— The fact that Sir
Henry de Bathe, whose eldest son mar
ried , Mrs. Langtry, will soon have an
other handsome daughter-in-law, has
set society to asking how this develop
ment will affect the Jersey. Lily, whose
lot, just at present, Is far from being
an enviable , one. -Hugo de Bathe's
younger brother has become engaged
to. the, beautiful' Violet Wood, who is
almost as well known to American as
to English society women. ; ,
ir Notwithstanding the extent to
which she once . had the , world at her 1
feet, Mrs. Langtry is now sorrowfully
watching the sea of admiration and 1
worship. recede from her. And the bit
terness of her, disappointment is leav
ing its mark upon her. .
Her beautiful home in Chelsea has
been given up, all the treasures with
which . it was crowded have been sold
off I and she - has taken ; apartments at
the Savoy Hotel to remain in the cen
ter of things.
As, If to supplement these private
troubles, Mrs." Langtry has been re
turning from race meetings with sto
ries of continued . losses.
"It; was the opening, night of .her last
fortnight's tour that brought to Mrs.
Ljangtry what seemed to her. to be tho
last straw. Used ,; as she always has
been when "opening" in the provinces
or in London to be 'overwhelmed with
letters and telegrams from old friends,
she waited In vain for word from them.
Sang at His Own. Funeral.
; VIENNA, Dec. 10.— Herr Paul Turon
of ■:, Teschen, in Austrian Silesia, sang
a '■ hymn at .his own , yesterday.
He . had ■ intoned the • hymn into a' phon
ograph shortly before his, death and di
rected ; that ; it ' should , be reproduced at
his funeral service. .
"CARMEN" WITH
A LIVE BULL
OPERA QIVEflWITH
REAL FIGHT.
PARIS, Dec. 10.— Spain Is usually re
garded as a alow sort of country, and
one does not expect that anything
startling in the dramatic line should
first see the light of day there; but it
must be acknowledged that a theatrical
manager of Valencia haa succeeded In
beating the record In the way of stage
realism.
Taking advantage of th« blow struck
at the national sport by the "Sunday
rest" law. and the popular demonstra
tions against It, he conceived the bril
liant idea of performing Bizet's "Car
men" In the great bull-ring at Valen
cia with a genuine bull-fight In the last
act. 'Aflne beast was procured, torea
dors and matadors and all the rest of
the necessary outfit were engaged, and
the bull was slaughtered in the usual
fashion. ' Never before was a produc
tion of "Carmen" received with so
much enthusiasm.
Here and in America we have had
racing scenes with live horses and
Jockeys; and fires with real fire engines,
but they all pale Into insignificance
compared with the staging of a real
bull-fight. Enterprising Impresarios
state that legal obstacles will prevent
them from following the astute Span
iard's. example and ''coining money out
of the Idea.
FRENCH SCIENTISTS TURN
A RADISH INTO A POTATO
Remarkable Feat Accomplished by
the- Use of a Solution of
Glucose.
PARIS," Dec. 10.— Experts of the Pas
teur institute have Just accomplished
the seeming miracle of transmuting a
radish into a potato. Their report,
which has Just been made to the Acad
emy of Sciences, says this was done
by cultivating the humble radish In a
special solution of glucose18
The Past Masters' Association and
the San Francisco Board of Deputies
paid a vi?ir to Memorial Lodge, at
which there were present nearly one
hundred members of the order, includ
ing the visitors. An interesting and in
ttructive $=ession was the result. The
principal speakers were Deputy Grand
Master Hirfhberg and Grand Recorder
F:>.ncer.
The lodge in Gilroy on November 28
tendered a reception to Grand Master
Dunton and Grand Recorder Spencer.
The beneficiary payments for the
month of November amount in the ag
gregate, for California, to $53,000.
The grand recorder officially visited
Triumph Lodge ' recently and ex-
I)ia.lned the various plans now in force
in the order.
The jurisdictions of Arizona and of
New Mexico have each adopted the new
p'ar.s and have sent to th? jurisdiction
of California for blank forms and work
ing plants
Grand Foreman W. H. Savage and
Grand Recorder Spenc«r- officially vis
ited Sts. Johns Lodge on November 17
and YorVia Buena Lodge on the' 15th.
The entertaimnf>nt end t>all given by
Unity l^odgein Elka Hall recently was
a succcfffuf affajr. The t programme
was a pleasing one and \he feature
thereof was th« Specialty aet by Henry
W. and Mrs.-OEthQfT. the clever lodge
comedians. They were applauded to
the echo.' During the evening' Grand
Master Workman Dunton delivered a
very able addres?.
On the night of November 16 Valley
I.odpe gate a very pleasing entertain
ment in its lodgcroom In the Pioneer
building to a- very large number of peo
ple, many being ladies. . The, folio wing
was the programme
Graphophone, "All Hail the Nation";
vocal eolo, Miss Vivia Gill; remarks, P.
G. M. W. "William H. Barnes; piano
solo, Mies Alice Devine; barytone solo;
J. Roach; piano eolo. Master Samuel A;
Burton; remarks. Grand Foreman "\V.
H. Savage of Los Angeles; grapho
phone, (a) "Dreaming on the Banks of
the Ohio," ,(h) "Handy"; vocal, duet,
William l^rodcrick and friend— (a)
"Alice, Where Art Thou? 1 (b) "Good-
Nfght and Happy Dreams"; recitation.
Miss Louise Hayes— (a) "Old Picket's
Knell," <b) "Belinda Shopping'; vocal
solo. Sam Booth, selections; piano eolo,
MJsp Meud Jack; graphophone," selec
tions.
The entertainment given "jointly by
Excelsior Lodge, A. O: U. W., *and
Silver Spray Lodge.. D. of H., recently
in Excelsior Hall "was a successful af
fair and the attendance tvaa * large.'
In addition to the programme there
was an address by Past Grand Master
TV. H. Barne*. and 'then dancing for
en hour.
Report*! * received at the Grand
Lodge office show a marked Improve
ment in the order. The grand medi
cal ' - examiner " ' during November
passed on more certificates than dur
ing any month this y_ear. Reinstate
ments are "many. , strid " suspensions
v.-ere less last month than usual.
On the evening of the last Saturday
i:i November Forget-Me-Not Lodge x>f
the Degree of Honor had a - rummage
fc-ale party in the Red Men's Hall, on
Golden Gate avenue, where there was
a pleasing programme of entertain
ment and dancing and the disposing
of a lot of rummage that had been
contributed by members.
Rathbone Sisters.
-
Eschscholtzia Temple of the Rath-
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
bone Sisters had an enjoyable party
in the Assembly Hall of the Red
Men's building in the latter part of
November. There was a large num
ber of persons In the hall, who
enjoyed a well arranged programme
of dances. The affair was un
der the direction of M. Schimpf,
floor manager, assisted by W. Barron,
Ella Thai, Mrs. Kimball. Mrs. Doug
lass. Miss W. Baron, Mrs. Wolf, Mrs.
Darlken, Mrs. Bush and M. Coulson.
A new temple of the Rathbone
Fisters was recently instituted at
Loyalton, Sierra County, by 'Katie
Lewis, assisted by Past Grand Chief
Mitrie H. Weldon of Grass Valley.
Th? temple, which has been, named
Pine, starts with a membership of
26, and t.he. : assurance .has been given
th:it many will ha added to the roll
before many weeks. It is composed
of some of the best people of the place
named.
Grand Chief Bettie C. Nickell offi
cially visited .Olympic Circle at Grass
Valley during the hitter part of No
vrmberond vras greeted by the entire
membership of the circle. During
the evening two "strangers were ,bal
loted .for and the work was exemplified
by "the initiation of one lady. Marie
H. Weldon, under' good for the or
der, presented the visiting official a
beautiful souvenir spoon on behalf of
the temple. An elaborate banquet
followed, when there was music,
songs and. then speeches.
Mrs. Lydia A. .Monroe, supreme
c hief of the order,' was^recently ten
dered a reception in the Pythian
Cartle at' Riverside by Riverside
Temple, assisted by Sunnyside Lodge
of the- Knights - of ( Pythias and • the
uniformed company of the lodge. The
large auditorium was artistically dec
orated with flowers and the colors of
the order, which are white, blue, yel
low and red. Among: prominent mem
bers present were Bettie C. Nickell.
grand chief of California; May Dow
ing of Pomona, grand Junior; Mary
A. Cooke, M. E. ' C, of Riverside
Temple,, and Miss Gretchen Lowen
trout. M. E. C, of Aurora Temple. A
very pleasant evening was spent.
The following have been elected as
the officers of San 'Francisco Temple
for the ensuing term: ■
Mrs. Lavlna R. Cope, P. C; Mrs.
Aillene C Law Vere, M. E. €. ; Mrs.
Jennie Handel, E. S.; Mrs. Elizabeth
Burns, E. J.; Mrs. May Emerkk,' M. of
T.; Mrs. Emma A. SchofleloyM. of R.
and C; Mrs. Anna C. Terr^M. of F.;
Mrs. Bessie Hampton, P. of T.; Mrs.'
May A. Arnold, G. of O. T.; Mrs. Ida
A. • Mecredy, trustee for eighteen
months.
Tribe of Ben Hur.
Court Mizjiah of the. Tribe of Ben
Hur on the last Monday in November
had a -very large attendance, and after
the. Initiation of several candidates In
the mysteries of the most impressive
and dramatic degree of the order there
was a social evening and 'a good time
generally". There was dancing arid the
servi ng of a ; bean and ' cracker supper,
with coffee. The affair was excellently
managed by Mesdames Murry, ' Beh
rens, Marshall, Mosher and Hedger.
: '■■ ♦ '•' .'.'.*."-
Woodmen of the World.
, At the election of officers; of Golden
Gate Camp No! 64, Jn' November, 491
vutes were .cast. David Oliver Jr., for-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; .SUNDAY, .DECEMBER 11, 1904.
merly clerk of the camp and now edi
tor "of ' the Pacific "Woodman," the 6fll r
cial organ, was elected / consul com
mander without opposition;- T. • F.
Quinlan was re-elected banker; E. Fen
nlng, escort; G. A. Schade, watchman;
David Brown, sentry, -and* N. F,' Smith,
manager, were elected without con
test. There were contests for three of
fices, with the following result: E. H.
Stevens, lieutenant adviser; J. Wisnom,
clerk, and B. F. Wise, assistant clerk.
While the ballots were being counted
Consul Commander .Ferguson called
upon a number . of the neighbors to
speak for the good of the order. Consul
Commander Elect Oliver, declared; that
during his term he, will open the camp
promptly at 8 o'clock and will; expedite
business so that the neighbors may
have an opportunity to return to their
homes before 11 o'clock.
Head Clerk. Boak, now residing in
Denver, Colorado, will' visit San Fran
cisco and Oakland," where- his, home
camp. is located, after the close of the
next head camp session. ' Oakland,
which has now; a membership of 8S4,
has opened a campaign with .the idea
of having 1000 members in good stand
ing when the head clerk visits there.
He will be tendered a grand reception
by the neighbors in each of. ; the cities
named.
The Fraternal ; Mortgage Campaign
will be continued until April 15 and
that whirlwind orator, .Special : Organ
izer W. C. Krum, will continue to talk
to the "boys." He , will be assisted .by
prominent members of the order. It
is proposed to have a grand rally
at some central hall once a month
and between such rallies to have the
camps hold- enthusiastic meetings to be
known as "return visits." .
The fraternal mortgage committee
had a theater party at the Lyceum
last week, which was attended : by
nearly 1000 persons. There was a
good programme of entertainment
and much enthusiasm.
The uniform team of .-. Richmond
Camp is drilling every pleasant Sun
day in Golden Gate Park, preparing
for the contest at the next head camp
session. .
The following have been elected as
the officers of Redwood Circle of the
Women of Woodcraft for the ensuing
term:
Lena Barclay, guardian neighbor;
Rose Barclay, advisor; Eflie L. Seavey,
clerk; Rose . Gilmore, banker; Alice
Norwood, magician; Ida Blackall, at
tendant; Pearl ,de Ganna, captain of
the guards; Louise Hatfieldinner and
Ida Cochran, outer sentinels;. Emma
Si-iller, manager for eighteen months,
and Margaret Heinz, manager for six
months; Emma Rice, musician. ■.«
Knights of Honor.
At the first meeting in -December
each lodge of the Knights of Honor
will elect officers for the v. ensuing
term. The representatives, -to tile
Grand Lodge will be elected at the
first meeting in February. The. grand
body will meet on the '21st of next
March.
Grand Dictator Archibald' visited
Napa December 10 and deliver an ad
dross before the lodge in that city. •
Yerba Buena Lodge has elected the
following officers for the ensuing term:
Ed Harbruck, vice dictator; B. P.
Abrahamson, assistant dictator; S. F.
Purdy, past dictator; R. H. Noble, re
porter; C. G. Noble, financial reporter;
A. J. Fairweather, treasurer; J. O.
Prown, chaplain; F. F. Wedekind,
guifip; D. F. Cameron, guardian; Wil
liam Wallace, sentinel ;\Thomas John
stone, .M. L. Crowe and F. F. Wede
kind. trustees. The election of. dictator
was laid over for one week. The in
stallation will, in all probability, be
held on the evening of the second meet
ing in January.
The official visits by Grand Dictator
P. L. Archibald during the past week
extended to lodges in Sacramento,
Napa and Suisun.
The Eastern Star.
During the public installation: of the
officers of California Chapter, Carrie
May Duke, the Installing marshal, in
troduced a very pretty, feature In the
seating of the five pomts of the cen
tral star, one that was at variance with
the usual sinuous way of seating these
points, and it was very favorably com
mented on. During the evening there
were a number of surprises. After the
presentations that have, already, been
noted in this department, the retiring
patron. Dr. Charles Boxton, presented
each of those who had been officers of
the -chapter during the preceding
twelve months a beautiful silver sou
venir spoon, appropriately engraved,
and at the same time the retiring mat
ron, Mrs. Isabella Woodside, gave each
of the officers a large group photo
graph of the officers of the chapter who
were in office during. her: term. '"As ; a
mark of special appreciation the re
tiring patron presented the retiring
matron a magnificent crystal
berry "dish*. The following was the
music rendered during the evening:
Lord's prayer (Pratt); "O, Holy Still
ness'' (Kuntze); solo, "Bethlehem's
Star" (Stearns), Grace Savage Gilbert;
"Evening Prayer" (Meyer-Helmund),'
quartet; "Far Away" (Lindsay); solo
(selected), Miss Flynn; "Evening"
(Parks), quartet; "The Hills of God"
(Nevin), Miss Van Orderi; "Tarry With
Me" (Parks), quartet; "The Lord Is
My Shepherd" (KosYihat)/' quartet f
star song, quartet; "Gloria Patrla"
(Stainer),' quartet. The quartet' was
composed of the following: Millie
Flynn, first _ soprano; ,' Esther M. Phil
lips, second soprano;' Viola Van ,Ordeh,'
first alto; Grace Savage Gilbert, second
alto.
The installation . of the officers 'of
Golden Gate Chapter in the upper" hall
of the Golden, Gate Asylum on the
night of the first Friday in December,
was witnessed by as many, people "as
could crowd Into the'hall. The" install-'
ing officer" was -* Dr. . Amy Florence
Temple, the retiring, matron, who'; had
for marshal Past Matron : Mary] Frances
Fahrenholtif. : ; 'The . installing officer and
the incoming officers were; beautifully
gowned, as were the majority of the
many' ladles.-'members of the order and
Invited guests . who were present. "Dr.
Temple did - her work in a pleasing
manner,' and at its close was warmly
commended for, the manner in . which
she had inducted the several, officers
Into their respective stations. The new
officers are: Anne'E. Spencer, worthy
matron; Albert F. Roberts, worthy pa-
Iron; Daisy Papst, associate patron;
Ivatherine Johnson, secretary: Minnie
jVI. Roberts, treasurer ; : ; Caroline V R.
Osrilvie, conductress; Ida A. Fuendel
ing, associate ' conductress^ ■•William"; S.
Moses, chaplain; "A. Florence - Temple,
marshal; Louise B. Stephenson. organ
ist;' Jeane E. Charleston, warder; Mary
H. Lewis, sentinel; Marguerite Deiriln
ger, Adah; Margaret Collins, Ruth-
Amy A. White, Esther; . Frances E.
Oehm, Martha;- Winifred E. Starks,
Electa., .,--■•.' ■- "
The following was' the music rendered
during the -ceremony of installation:
Soprano solo/: "The Star in the Bast,"
Mrs.' Mabel Radke; contralto solo, se
lected.'Miss Maud E. Crabtree; soprano
eolo; "Oh, - Dry Those Tears," Mrs.
Amalia Jaccby; soprano solo, "Just for
To-Day," j Mrs.: Mabel Radke; soprano
solo; selectedi:. Mrs. Nellie A. Darling;
chant; contralto solo, selected. Miss
Maud E.< Crabtree; soprano . solo, "Be
Thou With . Me/.' Miss Amalia Jacoby ;
song, "God 'Bless Our Star,"; soprano
eolo,"The^ Thought of You," Mrs. Ma
bel Radke; accompanists, Mrs,.- Nellie
A. Darling and Mies Mlgnon Krebs.
Then followed the presentation ;of an
elegant jewel of the rank of past ma
tron' to - Dr. Temple on behalf of; the
chapter by Past Grand Patron George
Louis Darling, who paid/a high tribute
to the .-worth and efficiency of the. re
tiring matron as the presiding officer
of the chapter during the preceding
twelve months. Then "there was the
presentation of a patfE patron's button
to retiring Patron Owens by Grand
Secretary Kate J.. Willats. also. on.be
half of the chapter, after which the
retiring ; matron expressed her appre
ciation of Past Patron Nellie A. Dar
ling's services as organist for the chap
ter during, the year by presenting her
a large bunch of carnations. * Thls-was
followed by. the presentation of \ set
of "bosom friends" in the shape of
pretty gold shirt-waist buttons to the
retiring matron by x the retiring patron
as a token of his appreciation of her
as an '.officer. In closing "America"
wa* sung by the audience, and then all
adjourned to the lower hall, where Ice
cream ■ and: cakes | were- served, and
dancing followed. During the evening
the retiring matron, Dr.." Temple, was
the recipient of a personal gift of hand
some carnations from Laura J.. Flakes,
grand; gecxetary.f of the /Native Daugh
ters', of^ the- Golden": "West.Ui-/V r ! •
: vThe ; officers "of Olive Branch Chapter
'.will be installed, in; public In Steinway
H alVon the evening of Monday," Decem
ber 12. The same evening the officers
t>f Beiilah Chapter ' will be installed in
private in South San Francisco.
•'■The officers 'of J Starr King Chapter
were" Installed. last week In, the Corn^
mandery Hall of the Alasonic Temple
in the presence of a large number of
people by Retiring Matron Mrs. Dora
A. Wright, assisted by Past Matron
Mrs. Emma Goodman as matron. The
hall was prettily decorated with ever
greens and flowers and the work was
presented in a creditable manner. The
officers who are to serve during the
current term were installed with mu
sic, as follows: Solo and* quartet, "Be
Thou. O God, Exalted High," D. M.
Lawrence and Oakland Masonic Quar
tet: worthy matron, Zelda Glaser: solo,
"Queen of the Earth," Alfred Wilkie;
worthy patron, Arnold Glaser; quar
tet, "Thou the Ruler of Earth and
Heaven," Masonic Quartet; associate
matron. Adelaide Hickei; quartet.
"Charity," quartet;, secretary, Sarah
David: quartet, ''Sovereign and Be
nignant," quartet; treasurer, Sarah
Cohn; selection, quartet; conductress
and associate conductress. Helena
Cohen and Jennie Cohn: solo, '-'Call Me
Back." D.> M. Lawrence: chaplain,
Clarence M. Hunt; "The Lord Is My
Shepherd." quartet; warder and sen
tinel. Rehecea Cohen ..and Mary H.
Lewis: Response No. 2,, quartet; mar
shal, Dora A. Wright; "Every. Slumber
fialh Its Waking," quartet: organist,
Lenora Goodman; ."Jehovah, Great
Jehovah, Guide Us,". Wllhelm. Nielsen
and q'uartet; the point's— Ada, Delia
Simon; Ruth, . Estelle Blackman;
Esther, Sadie Peiser; Martha, -Jennie
Tanner: Eleota, , Lulu -Dudley; "God
Bless Our Star," quartet; closing, *'Nq
Power on Earth Can Sever," quartet.
The music was by the Oakland Ma
sonic Quartet— D. M. Lawrence, H. W.
Patrick, Alfred WHkie.Wilhelm Niel
sen. At the close of the ceremony a
valuable jewel was presented to Mrs.
Wright, the retiring matron, and then
the retiring patron, ,1. B.^Chantz, was
presented a comfortable chair. A \ fine
souvenir spoon was presented to Sarah
Cohn, ,. the treasurer, . and \ then there
was presented to Mrs. Hickey,\ past
matron of. Mission Chapter, \ a hand
some crystal berry dish in appreciation
of -the fact that on several, occasions
during the illness of Mrs. Wright, the
matron, she filled her station^ .
The same night the of San
Francisco Chapter; were Installed, .in
Elks' Hall, by^Retiring Matron Bertha
Eugenia Mackrett,'.- assisted by " Lottie
Rothman as ■marshal, and; Past Grand
Patron George L.: Darling as chaplain.
The. hall, made beautiful with rare
flowers, . emblems aridj green foliage,
was crowded with friends of the . fol
lowing officers who I were . inducted into
office:; .
j Laura Lovvrle,- matron; Henry W.
Maass, : patron; ; Lottie , Rothman,, asso
ciate . matron ; ; Josephine ", ■ Wai worth,
secretary; K. . Michelson, treasurer;
Otto Fisher, chaplain ;"; Christine Soren
seri, marshal"; Eugenie Adler," organist;!
Anna Cdttermole, /conductress; "' Ellen
Relmer, ; associate' conductress:" . Emma
Healing, warder; .„ Mary Hammond
IJfWis/, "sentinel .;"; ;'Mathllda Fortriede;
Mary Tref ts, V Eva : Sceellne, , Lucia Neu-,
bafth arid: Ida' ; Hellfron, ,' points_ «j» l.the
star. Aniinusual" jewel' was presented
to Mrs. Mackrett, the retiring matron,
during whose, term a good financial
showing was made. It is in the form
of the emblematic star heretofore pre
sented, but instead of a diamond at
each of the five points there Is a gem
of the color of the star, -producing a
novel and pretty effect. In the center
there is pending a small gold gavel, the
head of which is a diamond. The pre
sentation was by the retiring patron,
John J. Neubarth, who, in turn, was
presented an' emblematic diamond-set
lapel button, the presentation on behalf
of the chapter being by' Eva Scheeline.
The .following was 'the musical pro
gramme'during the evening:
p "Praise . Ye Jehovah," Press Club
quartet;' ' Lord's prayer, quartet;
tenor' " solo, . "Star ' of . ' Bethle
hem,"^, A. E. McMillan ; Press Club
.Quartetf soprano solo „ and quartet,
"Hear My, Prayer," Mme. Delmara and
quartet; bass solo, "Evening Star," R.
E. Keene; tenor solo, R.- H.rHunt;
quartet; tenor, solo,- A. : .E.< McMillan;
basg solo, R. E. Keene;. quartet; so
prano solo, "I am.Titariia" (from opera
"Mignon"), Mme.. Delmara.
Masonic.
• Golden Gate Commandery, K. T.,
has, through its commander, P. D.
Code, selected J. C. Campbell, George
D. Clark, F. W. Sumner, Charles ' L.
Field. Robert McMillan, H. C. Bunk
er, Theodore Reichert, C. S. Benedict
and George W^ Llppman as a commit
tee to be known as the Thirtieth Tri
ennial Conclave Committee of the
commandery for the purpose of making
arrangements for proper representation
at the next conclave.- The drills of
the corps of this commandery will be
resumed next month.
Colonel and Mrs. William Edwards
were tendered a surprise party last
week by the members of the drill eorps
of the Golden Gate Commandery.
Knights Templar, or which body
Colonel Edwards is the popular com
mandant and drill master. The mem
bers and their ladles proceeded to
Colonel Edwards' residence, 1407 Gough
street, in a body, and the first intima
tion that the host and hostess had of
the function was when the strains of
sweet .music were wafted to their
startled ears from the confines' of the
ballroom. .After being greeted with the
famous Golden Gate Drill Corps' cheer
Colonel Edwards .dismissed the corps
with Instructions to perform no other
duties than those of seeking pleasure
for their ladies and themselves. After
a very enjoyable evening of musical
and literary entertainment, dancing
was Indulged 'in, and the spacious and
handsomely decorated -ballroom ap
pearedat Its best, filled as it was with
the gallant knights and their fair la
dies, votaries at the shrine of Terpl
score, inspired by the; strains o"
rhythmic melody. The reature of the
evening "was the presentation to the
host and hostess of a beautiful orna
mental ■ drawing-room table. Colonel
Filmer making the presentation "on-be
half of the i corps, delivered one of the
gems of oratory for /which he is justly
famous. ; Miss Edwards, : the mascot of
the drill . corps, - was ;: the : happy ; recipi
ent, of a handsome gold cup, for which
she made a ; happy little response, -by
proxy. Those present were: Colonel
Filmer, Thomas Trebell, . Miss Abra
hams, Captain^and Mrs. Alexander
Woodside, Mr. ', and Mrs. .Charles ■ Van
Ordenj Mr. and : , Mrs. Charles Parks,
Mr." and v Mrs. , Fred . Geheret, j Mr. ": ; and
Mrs. . Ira W. .Coburn,- Mr. and Mrs. - E.
Stephenson.Mlss Conner, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles^ Suydam, Mr. , and Mrs, J. . W.
Miller, Mr. >and. Mrs. W. Wise, Major
and Mrs. C. Toohey, Mr. and Mrs. E.
P.-.Halsted, H.-Hutchlngs, Mr. and
Mrs. : F. ; C. Davis, T. ; O'Connell, '., Mr.
and - Mrs. ; G. 1 , . Lippman, F. W. ; But tie
man, Theo Frolich, P.-; J. tPerry, >Mfs.'
J. :W; Perry, . Miv and Mrs. W. Alexan
der,;-, Mr. , and ; Mrs. L. i B. Smith, Mr. and
Miss ; Healy, Dr.* and , Mrs. " T. E. Moore,
'. Mr. and Mrs. ;A~ B. Wood, Mr. and Mrs.
Bush.iDr. Vand' Mrs.,;B. F. Alden, Mr.
arid^ Mrs. iW:' T. Kibbler, Dr. , and Mrs.
P.^-T. Thomas, . Mr. ; and .; Mrs.i. H. •' D.
'. Noble. Mr. and Mrs. ~W. Gould, , Mr and
Mrs. : n;\ B. Moore, Dr. Maude "'■ Noble,
MEMBERS OF THE . BASTERN
STAR WHO ARE OFFICERS IN
TH1SIR RESPECTIVE CHAPTERS.
Mr. and Mrs. G. G. Frisbee, Mr. and
Mrs. E. B. Cutting.
The elected and appointed officers of
Presidio Lodge of the F. and A. M. will
be publicly Installed in Franklin Hall
on the night of December 13. The in
stallation will be followed by a ball.
Native Daughters.
Tosemite Parlor, Native Daughters
of the Golden West, celebrated
Thanksgiving day by a harvest home
festival in the banquet room of Mis
sion Opera Hall. A long table was
covered with a Bnow-white cloth. On
top of this there was a layer of new
mown hay and in the center there was
a monster pumpkin, scooped out to
serve ,as a receptacle for all kinds of
green vegetables. The members were
served with hot tamales -and coffee
and after the repast there was an hour
of story telling, jokes and songs. It
was a novel . and very pieasant affair.
Thanksgiving day. was observed with
appropriate ceremonies by the follow
ing parlors: , Minerva No. 2, Yo
sfcthite No. 13, Occident No. 28, El
Pescadero ( No. 82, Forrest No. 86, La
Bandera No. 110, Clear Lake No. 135,
Jvnlpcro No. 141 and Hiawatha No
142.
The ball given by Verona Parlor on
Thanksgiving- in Pleasanton was a
great success. There were seventy-five
couples on the floor at one time.
Califla Parlor No. 22 of Sacramento
recently celebrated the seventeenth
anniversary of its admission into the
Order of Native Daughters of the
Golden West in a manner that added
new laurels to the organization for its
ability to arrange a social event of
that character. The parlor's hall was
beautifully decorated with holly ber
ries and asparagus f ern^ The beauty
of the scene during the evening
was enhanced by the entry into the
hall of nineteen bright and handsome
girls, who appeared for the purpose of
being initiated into' the mysteries of
the order. After the initiation there
was a programme of entertainment,
the principal feature being a farce,"en
titled ""The Tangle of the Red Rose,"
with the following named 'members in
the cast: Misses Florence Larkln, Bes
sie Urquhart, Bessie Winn, Mabel
Penny, Alice Montford, May Woods,
Jennie Crof ton and Hazel Scott. In
addition there were several instru
mental selections and a select reading
by-Miss Linnle -Wise and at the close
of the programme there was a march
to the dining ? hall, . where a fine ban
quet, was served. Miss Bessie Urqu
hart was the toastmistress. The. toasts
and responses were: "Our • Parlor's
Progress," Miss Florence Larkln, thie
president; "Our Sister From the East
and South," Past Grand President
Ema Gett;. '.'Greetings From Our Sister
Parlor, . La Bandera No. 110," Miss
Viola Allen; , "Congratulations^ From
Our Second Sister. Parlor, Sutter Xo.
Ill," Mrs Ethel Sexton. Between
toasts the toastmistress made happy
remarks about each ', speaker and the
president gave an original _recitation
that was provocative } of, much,amuse
ment."" The members and sruests Darted
at. midnight, highly pleased with
having attended Callfla's anniversary
festivities.
On November 8 a beautiful banner,
the gift of the Native Sons of Hollls
ter, was presented to Copa de Oro
Parlor No. 105 by Judge If. T. Dool
lngr on behalf of the donors and tha
gift was accepted In a gracious speech
by Lucy V. Dice, the president of the
parlor. The same night Jtweph B.
Knowland, grand trustee of the Na
tive Sons, was paying an official visit
to the parlor of the order there and
he visited Copa de Oro Parlor, which
he addressed Interestingly upon Cali
fornia landmarks. The meeting was
followed by a grand supper and a balL
Occident Parlor of Eureka had a
very pleasant programme of enter
tainment on its Thanksgiving meet
ing, the contributors to the entertain
ment being Miss O. McAdama, Mrs. E.
Dudley, Mrs. A. B. Ferrlll, Mra> L. V.
Holmes, Miss Josephine Rrn<th. Mrs.
M. J. Cooper. Miss G. Thompson, Mrs.
F. A. Rose and Miss Alice M. Kelly.
During the evening the members of
the parlor sang several songs appro
priate to the occasion and Mrs. Annie
Michel of Oneonta Parlor delivered a
very pleasant address.
Subordinate parlors, as well as
grand officers, are sending in many
words of praise for the manual of in
struction that was prepared by Past
Grand President Keith. It proves a
valuable guide for the carrying on of
business. District deputy grand
presidents speak In the highest terms
of the work.
Odd Fellowship.
California Lodge "received Grand
Master Linscott last week on the oc
casion of his official visit and he was
welcomed in a manner that has sel
dom been equaled in a lodgeroom.
During the evening there were re
marks for the good of the order by
the grand master. Grand Secretary
Shaw, District Deputy Grand Master
F. W. Warren and Past Grand Henry
W.^Osthofr. Then followed refresh
ments and a general good time.
Subsequently the grand master vis
ited Unity Lodge in this city, tha
lodge in Callstoga. the one In Napa
and the one In St. Helena.
Past Grand Master Baker will dedi
cate a new hall at Arbuckle December
16, acting for the grand toaster, who
will be absent that night on official
visits.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge has elected
the following as officers for the ensu
ing term: Myrtle Carberry, noble
grand; Henrietta Taylor, vice grand;
Sophronia Cutler, recording secretary;
Thursey Barrett, financial secretary-
Fred A. Taylor, treasurer; Eola M*
Cyrus, trustee. This very enterprising
lodge will hold a midwinter fair in
the banquet hall of the Odd Fallows'
building on the evening of December
15, when there will be an exhibition
of the handiwork of the members of
the lodge.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge gave a
party on December 7 and on the ttst
will have a Christmas tree party in
the memorial hall of the Odd Fellows'
building.
Jubilee Lodge had a pltasar.t en
tertainment In the banquet hall of the
Odd Fellows' building last week.
Alta Lodge has arranged for a high
jinks on the last night of the current
year.
Independent Foresters.
The sub-roomxnittee of the Baa Fran
cisco board of deputies. Independent
Foresters, opened the campaign for In
crease In membership by a visit to
Court Seal Rock in Deviaadero-street
Hall last week, and addressed a. large
meeting of members and visitors. The
principal speaker waa General Deputy
Stock, who spoke of the work In hand
and urged the members to become en
thused in it and see that the new juris
diction south of the middle line of the
State shall not surpass the High Court
of California during the current For
estic year. He was followed with short
addresses by President William Stew
art of the board. High Secretary
Brown, Deputies Diiscoll, Northrup,
Streegel, Cameron and High Chief
Ranger G. Q. Stewart.
The following night the sub-commit
tee visited Courts Acacia, Southern
Heights and Yerba Buena and Com
panion Court Yerba Buena. General
Deputy Stock addressed the first named
court, General Deputy Cameron spoke
to about two hundred members in
Southern Heights and Deputy Molter
addressed the other two courts.
During the latter part of the week
Court Diana was visited and the elixir
of enthusiasm thrown over all the
members by some of the best speakers
of the order.
Knights and Ladies.
-The following have been elected offi
cers of Aurora Lodge of the Knights
and Ladies of Honor for the ensuing
termX' Minnie Luton, projector; E. L.
Sundberg, vice protector; L. J. Rapp.
financial secretary; W. B. xaulkner,
recording secretary; Dr. J. B. Hannah,
treasurer; C. V. Thompson, chaplain;
Sarah Davidson, guide; A. E. Watson,
guardian; Carrie Blackman, sentinel;
M. F. Crowe, organist: Frances V J. Wil
liams, M. F. Crowe and Minnie Luton,
trustees."llary Shaw in vaudeville? MART
SHAW in vaudeville!" I had said to
myself on seeing the Orpheum bill
boards. "It Is Impossible, my friend."
Had any one asked me who was the
last American actress I should expect
to find In vaudeville, from the repute of
her, I should have said "Mary Shaw."
For, though we have not seen Miss
Shaw In the Ibsen portraits for which
Khe is I'amous, the power and spell of
them have thrilled even to here In the
reading of them. But there It was—
"Mary Shaw." And then I saw her
last Sunday In the little sketch, "The
Silent System," high comedy for the
lady and a silence that might be but
is not in this Instance wholly eloquent
for the gentleman, carrying the Or
pheum, gallery and all, triumphant
ly with her. "And this Is Mary
Shaw," I thought, watching the charm
ing bit of unreasonable femininity she
paints. "Who would dream of a Mrs.
Alving here?" It was something of the
kind of difference between Mrs. Fiske's
"Hedda G abler" and her Cyprienne In
"Divorcons."
The n«^xt day I saw her at home. We
had said just "how-d'ye-do," 4rawn up
our rocking chairs and then sat for a
moment looking at each other. Then
Mary Shaw's eyes — the artist eyes, ex
traordinarily wide apart — narrowed
quizzically, and she said: "It Is ab
surd. Isn't ltr*
I had been thinking so — her being In
vaudeville — but .to hear her drag my
thought Into the light was a little
ttartling. Miss Shaw is that kind of
person. She is the kind whom to meet
Is an epoch. Most nearly like Mrs.
Fiske she is than any one you can think
of. They were in the same company —
iliss Shaw in Mrs. Fiske's company.
"We used to settle the universe. Min
nie and I." Ehe lightly put It. But one
can imagine the dazzle and glint of
that greenroom gossip. For to extra
ordinary intellectual gifts Miss Shaw
adds wit. larse knowledge, much char
ity, the broadest artistic and human
sympathies and the keenest Intuition.
She went on with the vaudeville ques
tion, rocking gently, her eyes humor
ously glinting: "I don't know why
they want my kind of person In vaude
ville. It is odd. And then not to do
the kind of thing that. If I am known
at all, I am known for doing'! I was
playing: In 'Ghosts' and 'Hedda Gabler*
when they came to me. I asked If I
mighi not play a little thing of Gio
cosa's, 'The Rights of the Soul." They
assured me it was too serious for
vaudeville. But—" Mls3 Shaw's level
eyebrows lifted In doubt to the red
bronze hair misted above them.
"You think not?"
Indirectly 6he answered me: "You
know there Is not such a terrific dif
ference between audiences? The per
centage of the thinking among them
varies not bo greatly. Borne nights—
yes!" she smiled, "the variety audience
is sort of elemental, but I wouldn't be a
bit afraid now to give them 'The Rights
of the SouL* "
"How old a vaudevillain are you?"
"Seven weeks, Just," Miss Shaw re
plied. "Do you know," she looked at
me here with the eyes of a quizzical
sphinx, "do you know that you learn
lots of things from things that you
don't think you could! Ethically and
spiritually this experience has been a
singular discipline to me. I've been so
much on the ultra side of things, you
know. Here you get near people in
such different fashion. I was nervous
at first. 'Vaudeville audiences won't be
bored,' they told me, and I was afraid!
You have such a short time to make
good, no piling scene on scene to make
your effect. On, rush In, off, and it's
over."
"This, cf course. Is Just an adven
ture?"
"Just an adventure," she replied,
"like Jessie Mlllward's, Charles Haw
trey's—"
"Rose Coghlan's." I added, and with
the name came the consciousness that
It Is Miss Coghlan of whom Miss Bhaw
rather strongly reminds. You get It in
the warm fiber of the voice. In the mer
ry, Irish suggestion of the face In some
cf Its moods. In the big personal mag
netism.
BOHEMIAN CLUB IS THE FOSTER-PARENT OF ART
In these yellow Tuletide days we of
the Western sea are getting our art
In allopathic doses. And in true medi
cal fashion the artist-physicians who
ere called upon to diagnose the pictures
for exhibition— to pass them or reject
them — are of quite as many opinions
as to their symptoms of worth or un
wcrth as are your medical men when
summoned in consultation— which Is
about the limit of human divergence.
Not. however. Is this Jealous selection
without its value, for the exhibitions
to which we have been bidden within
the month average higher than those of
any previous year— so say the artist
folk themselves— who ought to know.
Blessings on these artist chaps!— they
are so earnest, so charmingly incon
sistent, so fond of the men who are
fond of their work! But. then, that
quality is not possessed solely by ar
tists — It's a human trait Implanted by
the Father, only highest developed
among those who create things, as
pictures and books and statuary — hence
must we forgive, that we be forgiven.
Right on the heels of the clever ex
hibit of the Arts and Crafts at the St
"As to vaudeville," she went on,
" The Silent System* was something of
a relief after thirty-seven weeks of
'Ghosts!' "<-;..
"Ghosts," ah! that was what I want
ed! I echoed: "Thirty-seven weeks of
•Ghosts'!"
Miss Shaw laughed comfortably and
put it: "It was rather a draggy sort of
experience. You see there were a cood
many one night stands during the tour.
That meant, well, it was the first Ibsen
that most of the places had had—"
"And that meant — "
"That meant the responsibility of
presenting Ibsen to the big people, peo
ple of the plains, of the woods, of the
great farms, of the corner grocery, all
sorts of people. Curious, too." she went
on, with the thoughtful, speculative ex
pression that she most commonly
wears, "the houses were always tOD
heavy. We couldn't understand it. Of
course, as you know, the Ibben eenre
appeals most strongly to the student.
who doesn't sit downstairs. That would
account for the crowding: of the first
gallery — always full— but how about the
upper gallery?"
"How did they take it, your plains
folk?"
"Deeply, seriously, throughout." she
had to say. "It Is as simple as the
Bible, you know; its meaning Is un
mistakable."
"But isn't Mrs. Alving rather diffi
cult to get over the footlights?"
"Naturally," Miss Shaw agreed: "her
form of expression is wholly repressive.
She has lived through all the outward
agonies of suffering. After twenty years
of It one does not do this sort of
thing" — delightfully absurd was the
actress* agonized grab at her chest!
her upturned eyesl
"In Mrs. Alving," she continued then,
"one is not dealing with outward sym
bols of emotional expression. Those,
after all. If an actress Is mistress of her
art, are pretty simple things — say the
Leslie Carter expression In Du Barry.
Mrs. Alving has to be lived. I used
to wonder if. it were necessary to give
the same Intense exposition nicht after
night. But you cannot help it. The
dynamic power of the part simply car
ries you with it."
. "Isn't it a little wonderful.** she
turned sheer on me then with, "how Ib
sen came to write four or five plays In
which the heart of a woman is abso
lutely laid bare, absolutely probed to
the depths — that old, lion-faced party
sitting there in that hermit study of
his! How did it happen? This way,
surely. Ibsen was a great socialist in
his young days. The compromise, cor
ruption. Ineffectiveness of the govern
ment disgusted him. and he went to the
cause of It. He s*aw how men thinned,
flattened out under temptation and
failed at need. He saw in them the
eternal soft spot, wondered where it
came from. Then he said to' himself,
'the woman!' He asked himself, 'how
can the woman, cased round with all
sorts of restrictions, largely a bundle of
the negative virtues, give to her son
the great soul?' Then he said — in his
plays: 'Release the woman!' Christ
again. Open her cage. If she loves it.
she'll walk back, but she'll be a free
■woman. And she'll find you a thou
sand reasons for staying there when
she can have it that the Jailor has
never thought of! 'Let her even sin,' he
says. But let her learn and be strong.
*A Doll's House' began the plays.
'Ghosts' is the sequel. 'Perfectly dread
ful,' people say about Nora Helmer
leaving her home and husband. But
Nora, finding In herself the liar, the
thief, exiled herself until such time as
she could be worthy mother to the
children 6he had, and worthily bear
others. So I read it."
"And Mrs. Alving stayed."
"Mrs. Alving stayed," the actress re
peated. "Of course the man was dif
ferent. But Mrs. Alving did the con
ventionally moral thing — Oswald was
the result. There, where she grovels on
the floor before her son. lapsing into
Idiocy, is the magnificence of 'Ghosts.'
Every child's birthright Is love — 'what
kind of a life did you give me, mother?'
he asks."
"As to 'Rosmersholm' ?" I suggested
then.
"Ah, we're on different ground there,"
Francis and the fall exhibition at Hop
kins, comes the annual exhibition at
the Bohemian Club, which is scheduled
to continue, at stated days, until De
cember 2L Under the guidance of
Charles J. Dickman, Charles Sedgwick
Aiken and Frederic W. Hall— wiseacres
In things artistic — the exhibit. is a Joy!
And If you don't believe it Just hunt
up a good Bohemian and ask him for
a card to the Jinksroom. You'll come
out convinced of two things— that the
Bohemian Club is the foster-mother (or
father?) of Western art, and as such
entitled to the homage of the West;
also that the artists have felt the thrill
that encouragement gives and have
fashioned better work — generally
ppeaklng— than ever before. True,
there's no Peters to lure you into a
moonlight reverie, no Welch to show
you a misty Marln morning, no Me-
Comas to crystallize an idyl of the
darkling wood, but there are fascinat
ing things from Giuseppe Cadenasso,
Maynard Dixon, C. J. Dickman, John
M. Gamble, L. P. Latimer, Xavier Mar
tinez, G. A. P. Plazzonl, Matteo, San
dona, H. W. Seawell, J., A: Stan ton,
Chris Jorgensen, J. R. Dickinson, : H.
R. Bloomer, J. ,W. Clawson, Charles D.
Robinson . and '. Charles ; Fonda,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
j MARY SHAW, WHO IS APPEARING IN VAUDEVILLE AT THE ORPHEUM
Miss Shaw declared. Slowly then she
Eaid: "Perhaps 'Rosmersholm' Is
rather a dangerous sort of play. Wo
men know so little of themselves. One
can Imagine the woman on the tllting
board of things, in a sort of nervous
exaltation — and it is nervous," she in
terrupted herself to say. "American
women are nervous; not emotional.
Emotion is a splendid, healthy sort of
thing. But take this nervous, unbal
anced creature, unhappy with her hus
band (poor man!) and with an Ill
digested dose of 'Rosmersholm,' I
doubt If It will be good for her. You
can't go along explaining / the play,
what its real meaning Is. 'Ghosts' is
different. It propounds a great, strong,
primal question, and can do only good
to those that see it."
• "The Lady from the Sea'?"
Miss Shaw laughed a little, and
shrugged her plump shoulders to say:
"Hasn't Ibsen rather fallen under hid
own spell there? Isn't he over mysti
cal, symbolic?"
" 'Maeterlinckian,' " I ventured. ,4 .-,-",*•
That began a discussion of the great
Belgian, whom Miss Shaw most dis
crtminately admires. She picked up
"The Burled Temple," lying at her el-
Among the pictures that stand out
with emphasis among their fellows is
Plazzonl's "Song of the. Marshland," a
study in gray, whose dun foreground
throws into relief a leaden sky flecked
;tvlth clouds full to maturity. On this
one picture I cajoled . expression from
various types . of artistic authority
some condemned, while others praised.
As for my own humble preference . I
gave out my heart to its blue-skied
fellow— "The Mystery of the Night."
And thus must we soliloquize with the
old woman who kissed the cow— each
of us to his taste.
Cadenasso has three canvases that
you would know in Timbuctoo as.Ca
denasso's, with their mysticism and let
tuce-like freshness— his "Early Morn
ing," "Twilight," and "No. 9," which
seems to have acquired a 'stray name.
It's labeled "The Strangers." :but
there's not an animate ; thing : - within
sight, or is there a puzzle hidden some
where about? His "Afterglow." a huge,
lurid sunset with a topaz sky, was
alternately praised extravagantly and
abused roundly; but the preponderance
of opinion was that ■ the . picture . de-
Berved a better position than the com
mittee accorded it— a nook in' the half- :
light of a" hallway.
bow on the little table, and began to
read some ominous words indicative
of the passing of the dramatic epoch of
Maeterlinck. . *
"I love the divine violence of the
man," she laughed, "his lovely way of
elbowing the infinities. Then, on put
ting the book down, one wonders Just
what were the hypotheses upon which
one swam out so lightly into the un
known. Yes, I think the man is now so
permeated with love for his kind that
drama — essentially conflict, you know
in any conventional sense has become
an Impossible form of expression to
him. He portends here a drama of
hope, of Joy, as ours is largely one of
despair. Whether jor not he will write
it Is another: question." ; \..
I learned then that Miss Shaw halls
from Boston, and thought better of
Boston accordingly. She was a school
mate of Viola Allen, Georgia Cay
van, Effle Shannon, and made, like
them, her debut at the famous Boston
Museum. After one year Augustln
Daly discovered her, and in two — owing
to her good physique and voice, she
modestly put, it— Miss: Shaw was play
ing leads with him. She was with
Frohman several . years, "created" the
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS
Dlxon's "Prayer" and "Evening in a
Canyon" are greatly admired, the
"Prayer" carrying an intensity, of feel
ing—more than in anything the "Cow
boy artist" has yet shown.
Dlckman'8 . "Between Showers"; Is , a
dramatic thing, with a marvelous mass
of color. In truth, it would seem. that
there* were .two; good pictures in ;the
canvas,", and two that would cling close
to your ' retina. His "Old Monterey"
and "Coast of Plcardie" , carry' more
unity. These, like "Between Showers,"
are exquisite in dash and color—"Mon
terey" breathing much of love' for.' a
well-beloved spot.
John' M. Gamble's "Desert" < is a
cheery song of a drear waste, , with a
■purple, haze' to gladden,, and a pink,
opalescent glow " on the mountain- too
o'er yonder— and , 'tis r a . pretty; thing,
this ' cheery song.
Martinez— lucky, "chap— bore, the .first
triumphal " card, ' "Sold," of the , exhibi
tion, when on Tuesday, while the night
was yet young, 1 an admirer bought "The
Outcast," a -: pathetic " thing ; in . low.
Whlstlerish '"grays, "" . with * an' awful
weight of woe in its soul., Lucky Marti
nez, ) what a 1 gay, dinner must have * fol
lowed at • Coppa's! * And ■ lucky ' CoDpa!
And' lucky .'friends! • j/ " ' •
role of Roxy in "Pudd'nhead Wilson,"
loves an occasional dip Into melo
drama, is immensely fond of music,
and several other interesting things.
Cell-life, we got to, and heaven knows
what else.
But I did not ask Miss Shaw "What's
in a name?" and whether the gifted
George Bernard got it from her or she
from him. Nor did I ask about her
real name; which Is la Duchesse de
Coese-Brissac. Her husband, who died
last year, was an American citizen by
adoption, and a San Franciscan.
WHAT THE THEATERS
OFFER THE PUBLIC
FOR PRESENT WEEK
The Columbia will have, beginning
to-morrow evening, three musical
comedies In as many weeks. "A Chin
ese Honeymoon,", too recently seen and
liked here to need comment, Is the first;.
"The Billionaire" comes next; and for
the third week George Ade's "Sultan of
Sulu," that will be the holiday produc
tion. John L. Kearney leads the cast
of "A Chinese Honeymoon."
• • •
An exceedingly Interesting revival
That "Paris la Nuit" is the gem of
that well-hung west wall— tiny thine;
that it Is. See it, if you love - that
which' is , subtle, suggestive, seductive.
You'll need a microscope to find it
Sandona's portraits are greatly ad
mired, as are some , of H. W. . Beawell's
canvases,' particularly his "Mission
Dolores at Dusk." Any artist who can
conjure up as pocturesque a picture of
our poor old mission, with that as
tounding atrocity of a brick pile beside
it, ought toi be publicly hugged (figura
tively, of course), as a benefactor. *
One of the prettiest bits In the recent
exhibit of the Arts and Crafts at the
St. Francis was a portrait bust of Miss
Elizabeth Fee, daughter • of Mr. V and
Mrs. Charles S. - Fee, modeled by ; Miss
Winifred Stateler of 318 Pine street.
This -young sculptress has ; dona much
creditable work of late, and has exhib
ited'at Hopkins. , ,
At; the Bohemian Club exhibition. iM.
Earl Cummlng ; and^A. Putnam, show
some mighty clever ' work. A ■: portrait
panel' of Maude Adams, and an ; ex
quisite i bronze , bust of Lawrence Tharp,
son I of 2 Mr. \ and %*■ Mrs. - Newton \ Tharn.
are ; attracting £ much • comment among
young Cumming's exhibits.
Paderewski comes next Saturday aft
ernoon. Possibly no other pianist of
this generation has aroused the ex
traordinary homage that has been
aroused by the Polish virtuoso. It is
many years since he was last heard
here. Since, of the epoch-making pian
ists we have had Harold Bauer and
Go'dowsky. with also Josef Hofmann,
Carreno, Gabrilowitsch, De Pachmann,
Fannie Bloomfleld Zeisler, Mark Ham
bourg and lesser lights. Possibly for
pure poetry, as I remember It," Pade
rewski's art ranks supreme. Tet it will
have now the beautiful lyricism of
Harold Bauer to stand with.
The first concert will take place next
Saturday afternoon at the Alhambra
Theater. It will have the extraordinary
interest of an orchestral setting. . The
orchestra will be under Paul Steln
dorff's direction and will be heard in
concerted numbers with the pianist.
Fifty men will constitute the force, and
the opportunity to hear some of the
piano concertos with their Intended
setting is one that no student or lover
of music can afford to neglect. As yet
will be at the Alcazar this 'week In
"Caprice," In which Mrs. Fiske, then
Minnie Maddern, appeared several
years ago, for a run of many weeks, at
the O'Farrell street house/
Rose Melville, the original Sis Hop
kins, brings "Sis Hopkins" to the Cali
fornia again to-night.
"Mr. Potter of Texas" will be the new
bill at ,the Majestic, with J. H. Gll
mour in the leading: role.
"In Dahomey" continues at the Grand
Opera-house this week, and is one of
the mos.t deservedly popular bills seen
there for long.
The Tivoll "King Dodo" bids fair to
run into the holidays. It is a delightful
production all through. Simms in the
title role, Edith Mason as Piola, the
rest of the cast, and the prettiest, tune
fulest, and best-dressed of choruses,
are of its numerous attractions.
"Lost in Siberia" will be the melo
dramatic dish of the week, at the Cen
tral, of course.
Herrmann the Great has been cap
tured by the Orpheum this week. The
popular magician makes this afternoon
his San Francisco debut into vaudeville.
Mary Shaw will continue "The Silent
System."
A Chinese magician, Chin? Foo Le*.
is the headllner at the Chutes Theater
this week.
Fischer's bill includes the Klns-Ner«,
the Kellys and eight other vauderills
leaders.
| BUST OF MISS FEB. BT JOSS VTUtTF RED STATELER, SHOWN AT THSJ ARTS I
AND CRAFTS EXHIBITION AT THE ST. FRANCIS. WHERE ITS STRENGTH I
[», AND CHARACTER ATTRACTED MUCH ATTENTION. j
the programmes ar* undetermined, but
th* Chopin E minor concerto haa been
mentioned as among the probabilities.
Among the Paderewski compositions
so mo of the following may be heard:
"Mlnuetto," opus 1; "Chant du Voy
ageur," opus 3; variations and fugue
on an original theme, opus 11: "Humor
esques a l'antique." opus 14; "Legends."
nocturne, opus 16. For piano and or
chestra: Concerto, opus 17; Polish fan
tasy, opus 19.
There will be two other concerts, to
be given on Monday evening, Decem
ber 19, and Wednesday evening, De
cember 21.
The pianist is due to arrive from
Australia on the steamship Ventura
to-morrow, and will begin his Ameri
can tour here. . *
• • •
The native American composer,
through Mr. Arthur FarweU's able and
energetic effort, is Just now attracting
considerable local 'attention. Let me
recommend an Interested glance in the
direction of Will Marion Cook, re
sponsible for most of the music of the
negro musical comedy "In Dahomey,"
now playing at the Grand Opera-house.
Will Marion Cook Is a Dvorak pupil
and a native American of the colored
variety. In "In Dahomey" he has given
us, particularly in the prelude, music
of a distinctly original flavor, vital in
quality and by no means wholly of the
ragtime brand. It has something of
a primitive Jungle thrill in it and sets
admirably the savage scene it is writ
ten to. Noisy, a good deal of the later
music is, trivial, stereotyped "coon"
stuff,. but there is plenty to repay the
attention of the serious student, and
most of it will hold the careless ear.
Lovers of chamber musio find always
something to delight in the Kopta
Quartet concerts. This afternoon's has
the lovely Schumann quartet (op. 41,
No. 1), with the adorable adagio. Then
for novelty there will be the Arensky
piano quintet (op. 51), that will be
given for the first time here. In thls».
as usual, the Koptas have the assist
ance of Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt at the
piano. Other numbers are the Lachnpr
adagio, from op. 137, that is also
new, and the Cherublni scherzo from
the first quartet.
Chopin, Paganinl, Beethoven, Men
delssohn. Mozart by way of the banjo
Is the odd entertainment— alleged mu
sical—that Alfred A. Farland provides.
His admirers, a huge concourse, claim
that Mr. Farland'a kind of banjo play
ing is really musical, and the testi
mony at any rate is to extraordinary
banjoism. Those curious can find out
for themselves next Tuesday night at
Stelnway Hall, when the banjolst will
give a recital. He will be assisted by
Alice Keller-Fox, another devotee of
the Instrument, and who also sings.
1920
MALAPROPISM IN SMART SET
"How do you do. Count ? I'm
delighted to meet you. So you are
from Sweden? Well, really, I am glad
to meet you, because I always have
Swedish servants, don't you know, and
I like them immensely — so I know I
fball like you " This the warming
effusion of a doughty dowager of the
ultra smart Bet, on being presented to
a distinguished visitor to our Western
village -by- the-Bea.
"Oh. thank you. thank you," said the
elegant foreigner, appreciating the sit
uation to its fullest— not being a
Briton. "I am delighted at what you
have said, and I chall immediately in
form my Government. It is one of the
primary objects of our Government to
train our girls to become good servants
for rich Americans. I am delighted that
we have succeeded in pleasing your
ladyship," and with a deep curtsey
the proud Came acknowledged the
compliment and swept away to repeat
to her friends how Americans were
bringing "them foreigners to time, and
in Sweden they were training their
Kirls for American service." Of course.
no one had the key to the riddle until
the Count himself furnished It.
Exceptional? Perhaps, but Mesdame«
Malaprop abound in places least ex
pected to harbor them. Externally
they are usually well glazed— in velvet,
often; and this winter black velvet and
white satin seem to be the especial
"fflddy shell" of their ladyships. 'TIs
only when speech becomes necessary—
and !t sometimes does, even In ultra
smart set affairs— that the funny
stunts occur.
One that assailed my ears— end
which unfitted me for duty for the
hour— was a declaration to an eligible
chap of a proud mamma about- her
daughter. Now the daughter was un
deniably pretty, witty and somewhat
unconventional. We all knew the girl
had temperament, and often discussed
it, but it remained for the mother- to
clinch things by announcing to the
good-looking chap whom she sought to
impress with her daughter's charms,
*Mary" (which isn't her name) "is a
t-vely girl, only she's a little risky."
/he'd heard some one say "risque" and
ti Bounded good to her.
To be sure, it's a vulgarism— and an
unpardonable sin— to criticize elderly
people who in their youth were denied
the privileges of education. That in
itself Is the purest phase of caddlsh
n'_j?s, but when those people who were
denied the privileges of education ■ -t
themselves up as arbiters of society
and leaders of fashion they must not
hope that their shortcoming will go un
challenged.
And thus Is the crystallization of
San Francisco society well under way,
when cultivation, tact and intelligence
are looked for in polite circles, and
where gold alone doesn't hold sway.
Here's to the Swedish servants! And
that the Count may forget the story!
But of course he won't— it will make
good telling when he reaches the
fatherland.
A busy week was this, budding rosily
with the Confederate ball. Among the
leading affairs were those of:
MONDAY.
Mrs. Gerrit Livingston Lansing, hos
tess at dinner at St. Dunstan's in honor
of Miss Marie Wells and Mr. Hanna.
Mrs. Anita Harvey, hostess at a
"tea," entertaining the following: Miss
Margaret Newhall. Miss Alice Sullivan
Miss Maud Bourn, Miss Marjorle Jos-
Belyn. Miss Gertrude Josselyn, Miss
Margaret Hyde-Smith, Miss Gertrude
Hyde-Smith, Miss Edna Davis, Miss
Pomeroy. Miss Coleman, Miss Linda
Cadwallader, Miss Eels and maqy other
fair maids.
Mrs. J. B. Schroeder and Miss Eu
genie Hawes, hostesses at a dinner in
honor of Miss Partridge. ;£ .
Mrs. William Weir entertaining at
bridge at her home on Jackson street.
Joseph D. Redding, host at a dinner
at the Bohemian Club, entertaining
merrily Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Kohl.
Miss Anita Harvey. Miss Gertrude Jos
selyn, Miss Marjorie Josselyn, Miss
Linda Cadwallader. Miss Elena Robin
son. Addison Mlzner, Jerome Landfleld
Enrique Grau, Lansing Mlzner and Ed
ward M. Greenway.
8orosls Club, presenting: "Klepto
maniacs'* at Its clubrooms.
Channlng Auxiliary, giving "Klepto
maniacs" at the Century Club.
Charity ball of the Albert Sidney
Chapter. U. D. C, with Mrs. Alfred
Hunter Voorhies. Mrs. Eleanor Martin
Mrs. Malcolm Henry, Mrs. Arthur Fos
ter. Mrs. William Gwin. Mrs. Phoebe
Hearst. Mrs. William Herrln, Mrs. Wil
liam Collier. Mrs. Selden 8. Wright,
Mrs. Wakefield Baker, Mrs. James Pot
ter Langhorne. Mrs. Inez Shorb White
M^s. Fred, Kohl, Mrs. Milton Latham'
Mrs. William Pritchard, Mrs. John Gar
ber and Mrs. William Duff as pat
ronesses.
TUESDAY.
Mrs. John I. Sabin, MIbs Pearl and
Miss Irene Sabin, "at home." assisted
In receiving by Mrs. Redmond Payne.
Mrs. William Mintzen hostess at a
dinner given In honor of pretty little
Lollta McConnell and Robert Gray
rigge, whose" betrothal has been recent
ly announced. Among the guests were:
Miss Dorothy Eels, 1 Miss Elizabeth Liv
ermore. Miss Charlotte Wilson, Miss
Natalie Coffin, Mr. Burnett. M«\
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 11, 1904.
Brooke, Herbert Baker and Arthur
Kelley.
Mrs. Charles Deering, hostess at
luncheon. , /•...■ *;:
Miss Edna Davis, entertaining at an
informal tea.
Sequoia Club, "at home," with Miss
Lillie V. O'Ryan the hostess, assisted by
Mrs. William Keith. Dr. and Mrs. Reg
inald Knight Smith, Miss Frances Jol
liffe, Miss Ednah Robinson, Miss Mar
garet O'Callaghan. Miss Marie Wells.
Mrs. Norris, Mr. and Mrs. Adolph
Graupner, Mrs. Fernando Pfingst, Mr.
and Mrs. Mark Gerstle, Lieutenant and
Mrs. Andrews, Miss Elizabeth Mills.
Miss Edith Henrici, Mrs. Lewis Long,
Mrs. Franklin K. Lane.
Army and Navy Club, guests of Mrs.
Breckemln at the' Occidental.
Leap year hop at the Presidio, in Offi
cers' Club.
Bohemian Club reception and art ex
hibit, 'a, ?4
WEDNESDAY.
Miss Lucy Gwin Coleman, hostess at
a dance in the maple room of the Pal
ace. Attending the delightful affair
were: Miss Christine Pomeroy, Miss
Gertrude Josselyn, Miss Marjorle Josse
lyn, Miss Ursula Stone, Miss Margaret
Newhall. Miss Edna Davis, Miss Elsie
Tallant, the Misses Gertrude and Mar
garet Hyde-Smith, Miss Natalie Coflln,
Miss Anita Harvey, Miss Maisee Lang
horne, Miss Carol Moore, Miss Isabelle
Glennon, Miss Marie Louise Parrott,
Miss Lutie Collier, Miss Dorothy Eells,
Mr. Rousseau, Lieutenant Arthur B.
Owens, J. Early Craig, Duval Moore,
Lieutenant Robinson of the Ohio, Mr.
•Parker, Perry Evans, Midshipman
Hay ward, William Goldsborough, Mr.
Baker, Lieutenant Clarence Kempff,
Lieutenant Locke, Lieutenant Ander
son, Philip Paschel, Captain " Jewell,
Emerson Warfleld, Sherril Schell,
Wharton Thurston and many others.
Mrs. John L. Howard and Miss Jean
Howard of Oakland, hostesses at a
large tea, at which the following ladies
received: Mrs. H. G. Thomas, Mrs. Al
lan Babcock, Mrs. C. M. -Goodall, Mrs.
Frederick A- Stolp, Mrs. Irving.Lun
borg, Mrs. T. C. Coogan.Mrs. Robert
Knight, Mrs. Ernest Colton, Mrs.
Charles Wood, Mrs. Warren Olney Jr.,
Mrs. Grace Gowlng, Miss de Fremery,
Miss Polly de Fremery, Miss Grace
Baldwin, Miss Muriel Ransome, Miss
Chrissie Taf t, Miss Marietta Havens,
Miss Cornelia Campbell, Miss Char
lotte Hoffman, Miss Grace Sanborn,
Miss Dorris Batchelder, - Miss Edna
Fowler and Miss Jane Rawlings.
; Mrs. Gustave Umbseh, hostess at a
luncheon in honor of Miss . Amy Gar
outte.
Wedding of Miss Ida Belle Henzel
A CHARMING DEBUTANTE AND A BELLE WHO HELD HIGH COURT AT THE 1
CONFEDERATE' BALL ON MONDAY NIGHT AND A BRIDE-TO-BE WHO
WILL. BE WEDDED ON THE LAST DAY OF THE YEAR.
Mrs. Pedar Bruguiere, entertaining
at an informal tea.
Wedding of Miss Margaret Kinsey
and Bertram Chase Towne at Grace
Church.
James D. Phelan, host at luncheon
at Bohemian Club in honor of Maxine
Elliott. Among the guests bidden to
meet the beautiful actress were: Mr.
and Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase.
Mrs. William Hinckley Taylor, Mrs.
Walter Martin, Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph
Spreckels, Miss Ethel Dean, Miss Vir
ginia Jolliffe, Miss Frances Jolliffe.
Mrs. Dixwell Hewitt, Mr. Coleman,
Cyril Tobin, Joseph D. Redding,
Charles Aiken, Enrique Grau, Thomas
Barbour, Chester Bailoy Fernald and
Edward M. Greenway.
THURSDAY.
Mrs. Henry Clarence Breeden, host
ess at bridge at her new home. Among
the guests were:. Mrs. Maurice Casey,
Mrs. Emery Winship, Mrs. Henry Fos
ter -Dutton, Miss Patricia Cosgrave,
Mrs. Chauncey Boardman, Mrs. Dan
fcrth Boardman. Mrs. Samuel Board
man, Mrs. Alexander D. Keyes, Mrs.
Leonard Chenery, Mrs. Butler, Mrs.
Lfs Payteaux, Mrs. Wakefield Baker,
Mrs. Robert Greer. Mrs. Welty, Mrs.
Charles Carter Nichols, Miss Ethel
Cooper, Mrs. Frederick Fenwlck, Mrs.
Samuel Pond, Mrs. Charles Farquhar
son, Mrs. Castle, Mrs. Grayson Dutton,
Mrs. Ralph Hart.
Miss Maud Payne, entertaining at
luncheon, with the following bevy of
debutantes about the board: Miss Isa
bel Brewer, Mies Eliza Kline, Miss
Maisee Langhorne, Miss Carol Moore,
Miss Edna Davis, Miss Sybil Hodges,
Miss Mary Wilcox, Miss Irene Sabin,
Miss Ursula Stone. Miss Elsie Clifford
and Miss Edith Treanor. *
Miss Edith Treanor, hostess at an in
formal tea.
Miss Elena Robinson, hostess at an
Informal tea.
FRIDAY. *
Mrs. William Benton Wllshlre and
Miss Jane Wilshire, "at home." '■'
Mrs. Harry Bates, informally enter
taining at a tea. .
Mrs. Chauncey Rose Wilson, hostess
at a dinner in honor of Miss Charlotte
Wilson.
SATURDAY.
V Mrs J. L: P. Berry and Miss Edith
Berry, entertaining at a large tea at
the Washlngto"n-street home.
Miss Georgie Spieker, hostess at
luncheon at the Palace.
Mrs. M. A. Hanford, entertaining at
luncheon . in honor of Miss Marie
Wells.
Miss Ethel Cooper, bridge party.
Spinners* Club at. Century Hall, with
Mrs. Mark Gerstle leader.
All New York is aglee over the
gorgeousness displayed at the Grand
Opera during the production of "La
Gioconda." The song birds were in
splendid voice, the opera a great suc
cess and each of the prima donnas ra
diant with her,' share 'of the extrava^
fiant applausel But 'twas not: these
things that Gothamltes are discussing
— it was the gowns and jewels in the
boxes. Picture Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish
In a pale blue gown, with a headdress
of turquoises, a girdle and breastplate
of tho same azure stones; Mrs. Willie
K. Vanderbilt Jr. in a low gown of red.
black and white brocade and ablaze
with diamonds; Mrs. Cornelius Vander
bilt, the regal beauty, in a close-fitting
black velvet gown, without a single
Jewel— thus scoring a hit. All this
gorgeousness, and a lot more, Is the
topic of chatter. The opera is inci
dental. It furnishes the motif for this,
the greatest display of splendor in all
America.
The Bohemian Club reception was an
interesting function. Love of the mystic
lies deep in the feminine breast, and
the delight of being bidden to stroll
through a club belonging to men was
good fun. But whispers were abroad
that a lot of fellows ran upstairs and
locked their rooms in most ungallant
fashion. Whether they feared the fem
inine invasion was "establishing a bad
precedent" or whether the bureaus
weren't in order 'tis hard to say. But
it was good fun anyway Just to look
about a man's club. And if Tuesday
night's air of dignified decorum always
prevails, then the Bohemian Club's a
Sunday-school, and a mighty nice one*.
As for the pictures in the Jinks room,
they did get some secondary attention
from the women guests. But they will
go back— these women fair— some after
noon and interview the pictures when
the men are not hovering about. How,
indeed, could women study pictures—
inanimate.. _ things — when there were
loads of interesting men about and a
club with its seductive doors thrown
open — save those that were cruelly
locked?
At 4 o'clock on December 31 Miss
Marie Voorhles, the last of a quartet
of famous beauties, will become th*>
bride of- Captain Haldlman Putnam
Young. The ceremony will be per
formed at the t home of the bride's
parents, and the only attendant will be
Miss Ives. The music-room, wherein
the other daughters of the house were
wedded, is admirably adapted for a
nuptial ceremony. About its walls hang
many exquisite tapestries, the work of
the bride's deft fingers.
Miss Voorhies will wear a beautiful
lace robe, with a soft veil falling
over her dainty figure. • Captain
Young will take his bride to visit
relatives In the East and will then
locate at the Schuylkill arsenal. In
Philadelphia. Here a charming home
awaits the bride. While Miss Voorhles
will be greatly missed from her home
by the Western sea, her friends rejoico
that she will be near to her sister, Mrs.
Guy, Scott-Hiulte ■ near enough for an
occasional visit.
Among. the few , roofs . which shelter
the true dispensers of . hospitality., tlia*
of Miss Adeline Knapp and Madame
Evstaphleve in Mill Valley Is one which
gathers harmony under its eaves. The
cottage is one built by Bruce Porter
and is nestled in a far corner of the
restful valley under the grim protec
tion of Tamalpais. The quietude, which
conduces to literary and other artistic
work, also is most alluring to the less
fortunate wb,o live in the city's pan
demonium. Miss Knapp has gathered
for to-day a small circle of coneenials
who will bask in the balmy air and
converse upon topics dear to the artis
tic heart. The bidden ones are: Miss
Miriam Michelson. Miss Michelson.
Miss Marie With row. Miss Eva
Withrow, Miss Ednah Robinson,
Mr. and Mrs. Chester Bailey Fern
aid, Mr. and Mrs. Jules Mersfelder.
Charles H. Lombard. John Gamble.
Bruce Porter, Eric Julihn. Harry Mes
tayer, Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Foster, and
Mr. and Mrs. Ernest Simpson.
One fair bud of this season is to be
transplanted into foreign soil. Thi3
time It is by a sterner and less ro
mantic edict than that of Cupid— Mars
wields his sword for 'tis pretty Isabel
Glennon. whose father. Commander
James H. Glennon, is one of the' sons of
war at Mare Island Navy Yard. He
must go to Washington to be stationed,
so his family, who are Mrs. Glennon
and Miss Isabel, must go also. This is
a disappointment to San Francisco, for
the many friends of the fair debutante
and her mother were not expecting a
departure, besides both are warmlv re
garded in' society. Mrs. Glennon Is a
cordial and graceful hostess ahd has
entertained extensively at the navy
yard.
• "•"•".,' •
Mrs. Charles Lyman Bent Is vibrat
ing between Philadelphia and Wil
mington, both cities claiming her time
and offering much hospitality.
Mr. and Mrs. Marvin Higgins had
rather a trying time during their re
cent Eastern trip. Several accidents
befell them and illness overtook them.
Still many pleasures intervened, and
they have now arrived safely at their
own hearthstone once more, though Mr.
Higgins has not yet fully recovered
from the attack of pneumonia.
Mrs.' Ir win. wife of Paymaster John
Irwin. will spend the winter In town,
at the Plymouth, her husband having
Just sailed to Join his ship attached to
the Asiatic squadron. Mrs. Irwin,
with her sister. Miss Ada English, will
leave for the Orient In the spring
Mrs. Logan is with her daughters
at the Colonial for the winter. Cap
tain Logan is in command of the Ohio
and Mrs. Logan has been traveling
with the girls extensively through
Japan for the past few months.
Miss lone Maclouth, who is visiting
her sister, Mrs. Pedar Bruguiere, Is be
ing entertained quite extensively, and
has prolonged her stay for a week.
Mrs. Bowditch Morton and Miss Ada
Sullivan are spending the winter In
Constantinople.
Mr. and Mrs. ffruxtun Beale have
gone to their Bakersfleld ranch and
will entertain Lawrence McCreery and
Harry Simpkins from town very soon
Mrs. Alphbnse Kelly is entertaining
Miss Gearin of Portland, Ore. Miss
Gearin attended the charity ball on
Monday evening and was stunningly
gowned. '. '
Miss Edith, Chesebroturh la entertain.
ing Mrs." Miller of Mare I3land.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Gallatin are liv
ing at 2173 Pacific avenue, near Bu
chanan. Their daughter, Mis3 Lita
Gallatin. and Dr. Harvey will be mar
ried next spring.
Colonel and Mrs. MacFarlane of Hon
olulu are at the St. Francis. They ar
rived on the Siberia with Mr. and Mrs.
Sain Parker and their two daughters,
th« Misses Campbell. Frederick Mac-
Farlane and Miss Alice Campbell will
be married in ApriL
'Barbour Lathrop i3 a restless being,
having been In San Francisco but a
comparatively short time. He, too, has
gone again, Hongkong to be his first
destination.
• • •
Drummond MacGavln will see a bit
of this globe before striking San Fran
cisco soil again. He sailed last week
for Japan, but his itinerary Includes
China, India, Egypt, Europe.
Addison Mizncr Is talking of making
his home in New York. Recently re
turned from that city. Mr. Mlzner will
soon again Journey toward It-
Miss Elsie Kimball, who, with her
mother, is living at the Hotel Ply
mouth, is entertaining Miss Hopps of
Georgia. The Kimballa are from Los
Angeles, but have a wide circle of
friends in town.
• • • --
The yuletide will be a happy one for
Judge and Mrs. "W. "W. Morrow, who
left this past week for Washington.
D. C. There, a real family gathering
will ensue, for the two daughters of
Judge and Mrs. Morrow, Mrs. Fecnteler
and Mrs. Roosevelt, live In the capital
city, and with the sons-in-law and all
the little people, a merry Christmas.
indeed, awaits all.
Mrs. Robert Oxnard Is at home again
from her Eastern trip.
Mrs. Edgar Peixotto was warmTy re
ceived upon her arrival in San Fran
cisco and the admiration fop her seems
to be increasing. She is a beautiful
woman and has made many friends.
The Peixotto home on Locust street is
dispensing much hospitality that 13 be
ing well appreciated and enjoyed.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Gartenlaub have
gone for a six months* tnur of Europe,
during which time their home, 2C0O Val
lejo street. Is leased.
Dr. and Mrs. Friedlander (Alicia Duf
ficy) have returned from their wedding
trip and are living in their new home
on Walnut street.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Gre*»r are the
guests of Dr. and Mrs. Elllnwood on
Pacific avenue.
Miss Azalea Keyes Is another Call
fornian fascinated by the beaut iea and
advantages of Paris. She has made a
brief visit in San Francisco and Is
now preparing to take flight in Janu
ary. Accompanying Miss Keyes will
be Mrs. MacKenzle. Their apartments
are secured in Paris for the winter.
Miss Mary Nichols, who will be mar
ried to Philip Lansdale in the spring,
has Just returned with her parents.
Bishop and Mrs. William Ford Nich
ols, from an Eastern trip.
Mr. and Mr 1 ?. J. Parker Currier are
occupying their apartments at St.
Dunstan's after a visit East.
Dr. and Mrs. Morton Gibbons, with
Morton Gibbons Jr.. have' returned
after a happy Thanksgiving reunion
with Mrs. Gibbons' parents. Mr. and
Mrs. J. c. Stubbs, in Chicago. * Mr.
Stubbs sent a private car West for his
visitors, who also Included Mirs" Flor
ence Gibbons. Miss Ida Gibbons and
Miss Elsie -Dorr. Miss Dorr traveled
farther, going to New York and Cleve
land for brief visits, but has returned
hon • with the others.APVEKTISCJttEyrs.
•'Beware of Long-Haired Men
and Short-Halred Women"
■ I» en old Baying, and one that we re-
rpect. Etlll we hive refused Irresponsi-
ble long-haired women's testimonials and
photographs -which are offered us dally
for a cash consideration. In spite of this
(UUc*. BEWARE OF SUCH TESTIMO-
NIALS. tV<? only reproduce letters and
rhotos of well-known business men and
women, who would not give a letter of
recommendation or mis-state facts for
sr.y consideration. We reproduce here a
letter of the well-known and bewitching
nctress. Effle Shannon, who ls so
popular with the American public that
SuS^T^o 1 ls nec essary. READ \THAT
ST. E. Comer 107th St. *nd Broadway,
N>w York. Ang. 2n4.. 190*.
la my opinion CD. PIXAUD'S EAU DE
Q.JLMNr: la th* most refreshing, invlsoraxlar
*=d beneficial h»ir preparation.
ED. Pinavd's
EAU DE QUININE
HAIR TONIC
Has stood the test for over thirty years.
hair preparations have come and
gone, hut there is nothing that compares
with the original and genuine. Unscru-
pulous manufacturers have tried time
.".ad time apain to reproduce ED. PI-
NAIDS HAIR TONIC, but they have
b«*»n able to IMITATE BOTTLE and LA-
BEL, only; the contents of the original is
m costly and so superior that thus far
only cheap imitations have been pro-
duced. BET5VARE OF THESE IMITA-
TION'S, and when purchasing see that
the name ED. PIXAUD is on every bot-
tle. Nothing succeeds like quality and
w are willing to be Judged by the con-
tents of a bottle of our EAU DE QUI-
XINE HAIR TONIC. It cures DAN-
DRUFF, stops FALLING HAIR, and pro-
motes its prowth. FREE BOTTLE of
HAIR TONIC, including bottle of Den-
tifrice and our latest creation in perfume.
mailed on receipt of 10c in silver or
stamps, to pay postage and packing.
Address* American Office
ED. PINAUD,
ED. PINAUD BUILDING,
New York City.
We are the largest manufac-
turers in the world of high-
grade perfumes. Member of
Jury of Award St. Louis
World's Fair. Our house re-
ceived the supreme title of
"Hors Concours," or "Without
a Rival." Hence our name is
a guaranee of highest quality.
PARFUUERIE ED PINAUD,
78 Place Vendome. Paris.
me Overdue List.
Thp vessels on the overdue list are
quoted for reinsurance as follows:
Neck. 15 per cent; Pitcaim Island, 20
per cent; Shrewsbury, 65 per cent;
British ship Ventura, 10 per cent';
Stork. 60 per cent; Edith Mary, 55
ptr cent, ELnd Brier Holme, 50 per
|£ T? Womem_ApparclExclnsiyGly 5L w
ffjfo 9A.M. T17 GXARY'STREET' J ZXS?!.*. M)
2% Offering RemarKable Reductions in Prices—High- @»
g# Class Costumes, Tailor-Made Suits, * @ J|>
1P| Coats and Waists. y&
®v£rT *^ hc P" nc^P^ es of modern merchandising require, first, to place at all times the new- jf
/f^t^y> Mt and bcst before your customers, and second, not to carry any goods from one fJ&L
\)/\^t season into another. Although it takes severe measures at times to accomplish the r(j&9
t'J^m l» ttcr . we never shrink from doing so, and when we wish to clear our stock the cost &W
© W^ ° f * sarment is not to be take » into consideration.
Every article offered in this sale Is strictly new and of this season's make. l7>
}fih Costumes for Deception, The Waists 01
&D& Visiting and Evcnma Wear KOTE BEX>UCTlowi z*fj»
®7K? anai^YCilIIl<3 VY Car Materials of Crepe dc Chine, Meaaline and P M
yMi ( Consisting of Chiffon Taffetas, Cress da Peau de Soie. V=#^
J/l iC <*****' M.s«aline«. Velvets and Cloth. -w al>tll at m 00 reduced to 8
(2W\if IfOTE THE R£DUCTXOZr& WaIsts at '15.00 and $25.00 reduced to... $11.00 J
em 85S 8 SIS? S3 ISS JSKJ 8::::888 -'"• a ».»'^ d .V. 5^M.!»v::^
J/VrfAA Gowns at $130 and 1185 reduced to S125.00 A.t_i.t, c^.tu «1 n -"
Y&Q Gowns at SI 60 and $145 reduced to $105.00 USlTlCll rCQltieT D03S iSBtSS&Hj,
// ■ jt'j) Gowns txl $110. $115, $120. reduced to. .. .$85.00 Jn^KHD
TailOr-Made SuitS discontinue to carry them- ($Flb
<&/K\ CLOTH. CEXVIOTS. VOILES ™*7 Jf, W " to eff^ Ct * k
jp£f A\( AHD ICTXTTTHES. " lc * Blacfc, natural and gray *s/^r!3&V.'^2$T\
frdlSf ' WOTE THE HEDTXCTIOSS. are the colon. !^^JI^^Bw\
GYT^t S115. j:on and J?0 Suits reduced to 575.00 J20.00 Boas reduced to.. $3.50 tSS^flS**i"---^^>«JW\
V^lJL S c^ $75 and J 70 Suits reduced to ...S57.50 $30.00 Boas reduced to.$13.B0 \
(?*Pf !'('. $-.C0 ani $52.50 Suits reduced to..S45.00 $35 00 B reduced to mbjm £^ ; 4J fcslckl '"J&^&fxi VC'~1
V r>VV J' r '- J4-- and J42.50 Suits reduced to..S32.5o *"* :>00 uoaa reduced to.316.73 tt>-yCi£8>®^J&& \f> J
*-/ C\ 5 37.50. $35 and $30 Suits reduced to... 82X50 . : C^ 3*%»£li^fe 3 &
lr» _, Tr . t c .. On all goods ad-
<m The Velvet SvitS ver tised alterations HMyW^
M5/0 There is nothing prettier, richer or more 'ii t r L n ~~ M J /__ . j/dili f ~£ !3 ,
Q®\ dressy than Velvet if fashioned correctly. W« «"« 06 Cfiargea JOV / *4%uL' £ 'S^
j?3\ B show them in all the fashionable colors. .» , , , ri&l?k <^» 8 \
fzj -5ots the BioucTiovs. aU purchases de- M^m j& J \
CK_zri $67.50. ses.oo and $60.00 suits reduced to_843j>o livered free to anv M'fMM t$J tq 1 1 \
\\£M. t'jS .00. JC-0.00 and $77.50 Suits reduced to..$57.5O * w C J f cc tu uny / M'^^M fc 1$ \\
£*h)M „ ♦ fi n x- part of the State. //jFigf^i < TU\
M& Coats for Reception r Mm & / 1 \
-/'♦ f COZ.OKS WHITE. CHAHPAONE. GSAT. • <?^3£&k /il^feS^IL' i" \
J .£> BLT/E ASD TT/CHSIA. -ik^§=&M^^
\f A KOTE THE BEDPCnOHS. /^J^^^M^^f^-'^^Wj^^
QGXK Coats at $145. $135 and $117.50 reduced to..S3O Ji^^^^^^S^'i^i^St
nX'X\ Coat* s t $&0 reduced to 867.50 vJ-^O^^'c^- &*& ■
f^&j Coats at $E5. $S0 end $75 reduced to $57.50 j^ttSZtt&ZSS^te&^z'^^XttJttlJ l
Ii ZA Coats at $75. $70 and $C0 reduced to.... $45.00 «ft
\jk* c ° ats at sm and 5<o reduced to $3 "°
NOVEL SPORT
OF FRENCHMEN
Steers Are Being Trained
to Take the Place of the
Horse in Field Events
AXBIALS INTELLIGENT
Favorite Mount of a Noble
man Is an Ox That Has
Been Broken to the Saddle
Special Dienatch to The Call.
PARIS, Dec. 10.— No longer ls the
steer to be regarded merely as so much
potential roast beef or as a slow-mov
ing drawer of cumbersome vehicles. In
genious Gallic sportsmen have discov
ered a new mission and a new dignity
for him. He is to be ridden like a horse
and to participate in racing, steeple
chasing and fox hunting. They have
proved that this beast, heretofore cred
ited with abundance of Innate "cussed
ness" but little Intelligence, ls capable
of all these things when properly
trained. Several races have been or
ganized to test their capacities, with
results that amply Justify the experi
ments now making, for the Frenchmen
concerned have taken the matter up se
riously.
Most successful In developing their
latent capacities ls a French nobleman
■who In sporting circles ls known as
"Le Baron Ch. C." His favorite mount
is an ox that can assume various gaits,
gallop swiftly over flats and leap nim
bly over obstacles. It obeys the rein
or the rowel as readily as a horse. The
bridle and saddle used with these rid
ing steers are similar In general design
to those used with horses, but the bit
is exceptionally powerful. For obvious
reasons It has been found desirable to
affix rubber pads to the ends of their
long horns. In one respect the steer ls
possessed of agility superior to that of
the horse — he can make a sharp turn
when going at full speed.
In a semi-wild state on the Western
plains the steer is capable of a good
turn of epeed, and at round-ups often
lead cowboys mounted on fleet ponies a
long chase. How far this may be Im
proved by Judicious breeding remains
to be seen. Heretofore the only object
aimed at by that means has been to
develop their beef qualities. The horse
in its present state ls the result of cen
turies of evolution directed by human
agencies. It is quite possible, French
scientists declare, that the ox ls cap
able of Elmilar development and im
provement and that the result would
be something vastly different from the
present breed.
It is well known that in certain parts
of Africa horses succumb so rapidly to
poisonous flies and other pests that
oxen only can be employed as beasts of
burden. In such regions it is evident
that there would be a demand for one
that could be ridden to saddle. In fu
ture punitive expeditions in these por
tions of the Dark Continent "steer
corps" may be employed by the British
army, just as now camel corps are used
In the Soudan. A charge of mounted
steers, with the pads removed from
their formidable horns, would suggest
to the ordinary man the desirability
of beating a hasty' retreat even quicker
than would a charge of ordinary cav
alry. Whatever may be the outcome of
it, the French experiment ls certainly
a novel and Interesting one.
WILL HOLD BAZAAR.— Tie First Corps
Cadets. California, Ligiit Infantry, will hold
a Christina* bazaar and carnival at Foresters*
HaII to-morrow and Tueedajr nights.
advertiseme:s~ts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
KEEPS THREE
AGENTS BUSY
Mrs. Potter Palmer's Search
for a House in London Is
Not Meeting With Success
ACTEESS HAED TO SUIT
Demands Accommodations
That Are Not Provided in
Houses for Kent in Capital
Special Dieratch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 10.— "As soon as
Christmas is over," said a prominent
real estate agent to the writer yester
day, "we expect to be kept busy finding
town houses for the number of Ameri
cans who are coming over to swell the
trans-Atlantic colonies in Mayfair and
Belgravia."
Mrs. Potter Palmer it seems has com
missioned not one, but three, of tha
most fashionable of the West End real
estate firms to secure her a house. It
is said that her object in doing this is
to create competition among the agents
so that she may obtain the best value
for her money. She has already estab
lished a reputation for being one of the
shrewdest business women outside the
Duchess of Roxburghe who has had
any dealings with these agents. She
will not have a house already furnished
—the furniture, she says, hides many
defects: she will insist upon having
every nook and corner examined by
her own experts in building, construc
tion and sanitation. The scheme of
decoration in the houses she has al
ready seen is not up to the standard
of her tastes and requirements. They
are all too tinsel, she says. She wants
art combined with solidity. One firm
of agents thinks that she must have a
house specially built before she can be
accommodated. When she has found
the house she is going to do the fur
nishing herself, and in this connection
she means to have it principally In the
Parisian style. The heating apparatus
In the principal London mansions she
does not like at all. She will have the
American system installed if she can
get her landlord to agree. The general
impression is that she cannot get a
"season" house on her terms and that
in the end she will be obliged to have
a permanent residence if she means to
put up in Mayfair or Belgravia.
Another American woman who means
to set up a London establishment ls
Mrs. Bradley Martin Jr. She and her
husband are looking out for a house in
the neighborhood of Chesterfield Gar
dens, but at the moment it Is doubtful
whether anything is likely to be vacant
to suit them In this quarter. They
mean to make a stir in London society
next year, and much of the entertain
ing that has hitherto devolved on her
mother-in-law will be taken over by
the young bride. It is feared that the
English climate will not suit her and
that she must perforce spend much of
her time between New York and Paris.
She makes no secret of the fact that
she likes England, but she experienced
one or two fogs in London during vis-
Its which she had paid before her mar
riage that caused her to form preju
dices which it will take some time to
remove.
Carries Bis Treasure Shipment.
The Pacific Mail liner City of Syd
ney sailed yesterday for Panama and
■way ports with about twenty-five
cabin passengers. She has on board
a shipment of silver coin for Acajutla,
valued at (250,000.
Our Christmas Orders for Vyv mm^ r^ >* Ladies' Knitted Blouses
Gloves or Merchandise \^ • Special at $1.90
make their own selection from any T r j r> Ai oi. **- — ■*"! *•»£ t^riii at
department, at any time.. V Keamy and Sutter StS. each, special at
. ■ I $1.90
lVTATT 01?riPl?^— O 11 * - of - town Patrons, send to us for your Christmas wants — order any-
j iTiXXll^ \JW±JL*WjJ thing in this advertisement— your letter will receive prompt attention. [
I READY FOR CHRISTMAS
With a Gorgeous Display of Beautiful Articles
At our store gift buying becomes easy buying. Every department is fully prepared with a most extensive
and elaborate assortment. If you are in doubt what to buy, pay us a visit. On every floor, at every counter,
abound helpful hints, that cannot fail to facilitate selection. " ||p
We recommend morning shopping to those who can utilize earhf hours. They will be*more than repaid by —
Better Service, More Time for Selections and Greater Personal Comfort.
Holiday Leather Goods Handsome Sofa Cushions.
Nowhere else will you find equal assortments, and nowhere . Deeisivelv Under Price
such values. Every beautiful and artistic novelty that is made A-rcxEavciy unucr rnLC
up from leather is here. No matter what you pay, you get the Our entire stock of Handsome Sofa Cushions is included In
newest and the best to be had. . this offer— beautiful Persian Scrim Cushions, others of Fancy
Wrist Bags made of seal, walrus or Leather Traveling Rolls, fitted with Velours, many of Silk, Canvas and Art Linens, artistically em-
Vienna Leather, all new shapes and articles for ladies' or gents' use, broidered by hand, in graceful and original designs. They are
colors, each $ 1.00 to $6.00 each $2.75 to $20.00 ideal for Christmas presents.
Combination Books, made of fine im- Oxfords, English Kit and Club Bags, +' nM r* LI « r.
ported leathers, some with decorated in alligator, seal and sole leathers, with * 2- 90 Cushion* On Sale At S2.3O •
corners, others plain, $1.00 to $7.00 bestlocks & catches,$4.75 to $18.00 » *°° Cushions On Sale At 83.2O
, iL , . . . , o „ t , j T,. f &35 Cushions On Sale At S5.1O
Leather Letter Cases for men. in seal, Suit Cases of sole and alligator $10.00 Cushions On Sale At S8.OO
walrus and. alligator skin, black or leathers, some fitted, others plain with $15 oo Cushions On Sale At $12.00
colors, each $1.00 to $5.00 shirt pocket ..$4.50 to $32.50 | 2 aoo Cushions On Sale At!!!!!!!!!!!!'.tl6*.OO
Imported Neck Fancies Worsted Shawls and Capes
We offer Mo^af J^nSSTSSSSon. in prices, an S «* ««*»* » Holiday Presets
immense sample line of exquisite French and American creations Pret ty Woven Shawls of Shetland Shetland Floss Capes, crocheted by
in Ladies Neck Ruffs, Stoles and Boas, beautifully made of Chifton wool, 45 inches square, hand, In solid colors,
and Liberty Silk, in white, pink, blue and black; also some black in white, black and colors, -, 1 <-- others with fancy bor- + % ,--
and white' mixed. Coming with the advent of the Christmas each / *l.zo ders. each
season, they will not last long at these prices. Hand Crocheted Wool Shawls, la Handsome All; Silk Shawls, prettily
Sl.OO Instead of $2*0 '«5.OO Instead of S.aoo SSStloSSlv £& vSue 3f5de?-?ll «l£
S2.5O Instead of *s-oo 87.50 Instead of fi 5 .oo exceptionally good value $J aU sides - all colors.
S3.75 Instead of $7.50 S 10.00 Instead of $20.00 at> cacn 9 V eacn <?*.**>
Sweeping Clearance Sale of Art Bronzes and Glassware, at #1 / 3 Off
An exceptional opportunity to obtain choice Holiday Gifts. Imported Bronzes, Pottery and Glassware are now offered for imme-
diate clearance at 33}$ per cent off the marked prices.
AUSTRIAN GLASSWARE BODENBACH POTTERY BRONZE ORNAMENTS
Vases and Bowls, in unique shapes, richly Handsome' Vases— quaint designs, in tints of Busts and Statuettes, in artistic and masterly
decorated. delft blue and tan. designs.
Those marked $1.00 now 65e Those marked S2.00 now S 1.35 Those marked $ &00 now S4.0O
Those marked $2. 50 now SI. 85 Those marked J3.00 now S2.OO Those marked $12.50 now S8.35
Those marked $3.00 now S2.OO Those marked *6.oo now S4.OO Those marked $18. 50 now $12.35
Those marked $4.00 now S2.65 Those marked $7.50 now S5.OO Those marked $20.00 now SI 3.35
GUN METAL NOVELTIES r*\ft Ravpc nf Si-^mnprv I STYLISH BACK COMBS
We are showing many handsome VJllL UUAC3 KJL JLctLlUlltl V A gaat many styles are hereto select
articles made from genuine gun metal. n,int,, k«v., ,_, n ,.j .«.«-,?,!!„ *„- <~h-i<< m ,c »if*c «n-/4 m itk *.««,«.,. h° m — In shell, white or amber — many
Some of the special values fc ?^ offi SS T^^. 0^?^^!^ 1^^^ "^
KSSVri&i I?« unique shapes, showing latest ideas in yuletide, spatter work, holly leaves, S°""' ?i h h *" H^««thfn™r^ Lf
Rffijas^ipsss ss^s i^e#ss^^Sfe gIove or handkerchicf *««
Coin Holders 81.50 after the paper i s ""^l""^"^ . c . nA -„ of these beautiful combs ; prices :
Match Boxes 81.50 50C, (5C, $1.00 10 $4.00 per BOX 45o, 85c, up to 86.00
Attractive Table Covers Dressing Sacques and Robes
A Gift-Buying Opportunity Speoially Prloed for Monday Only
We place on sale Monday a matchless collection of Tapestry Dressing Sacques of fine quality ripple Long Kimonas of Flannelette. In Per-
Table Covers — all 2 yards square, reversible and fringed all Eiderdown, in red, gray, slan patterns, made with
around. They are in newest designs and color effects— and if pink and blue, with hand- fancy cape collar and bell
you're desirous of securing a handsome dining-room table cover JaluVff'^at *" $1.00 sI t " ves ' realvalue t 2 - 00 * $j # £5
for yourself or to give away, choose from these to-morrow. vaue*.25, a • a «p
Table Covers, value $1.50 each, at Sl.OO ; Dressing Sacques of Saxony Flan- Dressing Robes of plain wool Elder-
Table Covers, value $3.00 each, at 82.50 nelette, fancy Persian de- down, with appliqued collar
Table Covers, value $4.25 each, at 83.75 signs, in good, serviceable ftf . and sleeves, finished with e *. AA -
Table Covers, value $5.25 each, at 84.50 colors, real value $1.25, at.. «pl.UU cord and tassel; sale price.. $4.00
Black Dress Goods Ladies' Ribbed Underwear
Make a Sensible Holiday Gilt At Speoially Interesting Prices To-morrow
56-inch Black Camel's Hair Serge, all 46-inch Black Readona Crepe— a fine, Ladies' Spun Silk Vests, Swiss ribbed, Ladies' Ribbed Merino Tights — knee
wool, an excellent fabric for costumes all wool material, medium weight and with fancy yones crocheted by hand, or ankle length', in wbwe, black or
or skirts; value $1.25 yard, at 75c soft finish, value $1.75 yd., at.. $1.25 in white or pink, special at $1.25 natural, special per pair $1.50
56-inch Black Panama Cloth, the latest 46-inch Black Mohair Anita Cloth— a Ladies' Pure Silk Vests, Swiss ribbed, Ladies' Ribbed Merino Union Suits,
of this season's weaves; real value rich, brilliant, lustrous quality; real with beautifully crocheted yokes, In wjth long sleeves and ankle length, for
$i.5oyard, at $1.00 value $2.00 yard, at $1.50 white, pink or blue, each $2.25 winter wear, per suit $1.75
MRS. MONNIER
MUST EXPLAIN
To-morrow morning there will be an
Interruption in the taking of evidence
in the Monnier will contest while an ef
fort is being made to throw the wid
ow's case out of court and have her
punished for contempt. Yesterday aft
ernoon George Monnier Jr., who is
trying to break the will of his reputed
father, filed an affidavit charging Anna
Monnier with irregularities in connec
tion with her deposition. The deposi
tion was taken on October 15 before
Notary Edna T. Keating. Afterward,
it Is set forth, a copy as transcribed by'
the stenographer, was given to Mrs.
Monnier to read and sign.
The affidavit charges that Mrs. Mon
nier has materially changed the deposi
tion and refuses to sign her testimony
as originally given. She has, it is
charged, stricken out questions and
answersi changed the language in
places and altered a portion of the tes
timony so as to give it a different
meaning.
The changes, it is declared, are writ
ten on the deposition in the handwrit
ing of her attorney, George D. Col
lins. ■■.*•-' r M •■•: -
In the absence of Judge Graham the
matter was presented to Judge Sea
well, who Issued the order to chow
cause, returnable at 10 o'clock to-mor
row - morning , before Judge Graham.
Besides the question of contempt for
neglecting to sign the testimony and
for refusing to permit it to be read
to her the widow is ordered to show
cause why her answer to. young Mon
nier's contest should not be stricken
from the files ' because of her conduct
with tha deposition. If the Judge takes
cognizance of this latter phase Mrs.
Monnier's defense will be thrown out
of court.
libeled for $36,000.
The ship W. F. Babcock, which ar
rived Friday at Boston, was libeled at
Bermuda for J3S.0OO by the owners of
the tugs which. towed her to port. She
was released under an agreement to
leave the matter to the underwriters.
A girl's first love affair demonstrates
the happiness of being miserable.
NEWMAN & 1VEVINSON.
WOULD PROTECT
THE FISHERMEN
The sessions of the convention of
the International Seamen's Union of
America yesterday were largely de
voted to the considering of resolutions.
The cause of the fishermen was again
taken up and active legislation urged
for the protection of their interests.
In the future the fishermen will be in
cluded in all legislation looking toward
the betterment of the condition of sea
men. The preservation of the salmon
fisheries is first to be considered.
The establishment of a marine hos
pital for sailors suffering with rheu
matism will be urged at the next ses
sion of Congress.
A resolution was adopted favoring
the passage of the Hearst bill, em
powering the Interstate Commerce
Commission to fix reasonable rates
and establish an Interstate Commerce
Court to review such pleadings as shall
be appealed from the commission.
In the evening the delegates were
the guests of the unions of the Pacific
Coast at a banquet in a downtown
restaurant. After the good things pro
vided had been disposed of toasts were
responded to as follows: "The Inter
national Seamen's Union," "William
Penje: "Legislative "Work of the
Union," Andrew Furuseth; "Our Com
rades on the Great Lakes," William H.
Jenkins; "International Trade Union
ism," Edward Rosenberg; "Our
Comrades on the Atlantic Coast," "Wil
liam H. Frazier; "The Men in the
Fireroom," Daniel Sullivan; "Our Own
Journal," "Walter Macarthur; "Future
of the Marine Cooks and Stewards,"
David English; "The Good that Agen
cies Can Do," H. Ohlsen; "Organiza
tion Among Fishermen." I. N. Hylen;
"The Bay and River Steamboat Men,"
Miles F. Gaffney; "The Need of a
Strong Treasury," Edward Anderson;
"What "We Have Already Accom
plished," Janies West; "The Conven
tion as Seen From the Chair," C. J.
Harrington.
Woman Violates Uqnorlaw.
A warrant was obtained from Po
lice ! Judge Mogan yesterday for. the
arrest of ."Jane Doe," who keeps a
fruit store on Fillmore street, near
Eddy for selling liquor to a minor.
The suspicions of Policeman Cottle
were aroused and on Thursday he
gave John Behlmer, a boy 14 years
or age, 25 cents and told him to go to
the fruit store and buy a flask of
whisky. The boy got the flask, hence
the warrant.
Stout Ladles.
Seventeen years ago I reduced my weight
fifty-three pcunds. bust 8 Inches, waist 8
inches and hlpg 10 Inches toy §> tlmpb. harm
less remedy. Health perfect. No exercise, no
wrinkles, no starring. I will tell you how.
Call Wednesdays or write, enclosing- stamp for
reply. Mrs. Diana. B. Aires. 77 Lily avenue,
San Francisco, CaU ' .' •- •
Chinese Will Get Safes Back.
Police Judge Cabanlss decided yes
terday that the safes taken from 820
Washington street by order of Police
Commissioner Hutton after the raid,
when eighty-three Chinese were ar
rested for playing fantan. should be
returned to the owner. Chin Kim Ton.
The safes will be opened rn the prop
erty clerk's office to-morrow morning
j^-DONT LET YOUR I
"■".HAIR TURN GRAY!
Have you experienced that horror with which men and women be-
come possessed of at the first discovery of that dreaded gray streak
in the .hair that they always eared for and prized so much? Tha
woman with social ambitions knows what a tower of strength the
. Youthful Appearance of her, hair is to her, and that Its turning to
that hue which spells old age means so much lost in every way that
' she will be pleased to read of
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
4-Day Hair Restorer
Price, $1.00 a Bottle
One Application THEE at My Parlor*.
An absolutely certain restorer of the former color of tha hair. And
i men also, who have read lately the determination taken by bis cor-
■ porations to hire nobody over 35 and keep none over 60. and who
know that . gray hair means old hair and old hair means old age will
heed this portentous slm of the times and try to keep themselves
looking youn?. The 4-Day Hair Bestorer Bestores, and does It ia
Only Four Days. It ls a healthy, clean application that will not soil
or leave a sediment. It is not sticky and will not prevent the hair
from curling, is easily applied and cannot be detected. .For sale by
all first-class druggists and manufactured by
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, Dermatologist,
140 Oeary 8t, San rrandsce. C*L 1» W. aTtti St^ >«w Tat%.
in the presence of tha Judge and any
of the Police Commissioners who may
desire to be present and any papers
found therein will be handed over to
the police, to be used at the Investiga
tion as to alleged bribery in China
town. The safes were not used as evi
dence in the fan tan cases before Judga
Frita.
When your skin looks yellow and yoa
rise in the morning with a bad taste in
your mouth, take Lash's Bitters. *
Search for. Pickpockets.
Two pickpockets are working tha
crowds at the large stores. A few
evenings ago one of them snatched a
purse from a lady at the Emporium
and passed it to the other, who got
away with it. They are described as
about 25 years of age. S feet 10 or 11
leches tall, medium complexion, slan
der built, smooth face. Ona wear s>
black suit and black derby hat and
the other a brown suit and brown
derby hat. The pollca are searching
for them.
APVEBT1SKMT7NTS.
2122
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
i::J^ li:li: Proprietor
ADDRESS ALT, COMMUNICATIONS TO
joux jnoTAUGirr _. . ._. ._. . L . • -jj_ :i;:_ivj.:: ::/ • mn — - — - g "
"PUBLICATION OrficE~ Tmro^^MAB'KCT"gTSEET3. EAN FRANCISCO
SL-XDAT~7.~ % DECEMBER 11. 1904
WARS AND STRIKES.
TV T EWSPAPER readers follow the war in Asia by the meager
\l reports which come from the respective headquarters of the
* contending armies. They read of the movements on the
Shahke Kiver. below Mukden. Kuroki crowds Kuropatkin, and is
crowded in turn. Xogi captures 203-Metre Hill and dominates Port
Arthur. There are bombarding all day and bayonet fights at night,
varied by sword-to-sword encounters.- All of this is interesting
and more or less stirring, as it tells of the fluctuating fortunes ot^
On the same page that carries this news of the distant conflict
is the daily report of another war nearer at hand, and under ex
planatory headlines we have, in dispatches from Duquoin, Illinois,
something like this: "Another attack was made on Zeigler last night.
Firing began at the pumping station two miles north and spread
quickly to the mining town, which is under siege and responded
with its machine guns. Doth parties conceal the number of casual
ties."' This is repeated every day. with such variations as are made
necessary by changes in the tactics of the investing forces and in
the plans of the besieged. The blockade is not complete, we are
told, because the besieging force has not yet been able to completely
inclose the town, and the besieged are able to secure provisions,
water, ammunition and reinforcements.
This is the first attempt to reduce an American town by siege
since the Civil War. The only protracted siege in that struggle
was at Yieksburg. and the daily accounts of that event read very
much* like those of the siege of' Zeigler. But what is it all about?
Zeigler is a coal mining town, and the owner of the property resists
the unionizing of the mines. Having a force of workmen willing to
work the mines and willing to work with union or non-union miners
on equal conditions, the owner desires to mine, ship and sell the
coal produced on his property. This desire of the owner and
disposition of his- employes are resented and resisted by strikers
and the union miners of the district. These forces nearly surround
the town, in entrenched camps, well supplied with arms and
ammunition, and are carrying on a regular siege, with all the inci
dents of public war.
The investing forces make sallies and capture stores on the way
to the fortress, and every day there is shooting from the rifle pits
and trenches, and every night there is a general assault. The
besiegers have not yet brought artillery into action, but there is
no reason why they should not use it, as well as the small arms
they have. Their siege is supported by assessment levied on miners
far and near, a regular war tax. such as Japan and Russia exact
from their people. They have not yet resorted to the sale of bonds,
like other belligerents, but this may come if the resistance is as
stubborn as that of Port Arthur. The commander of the forces
inside declares his ability to hold out and make successful his policy
of utilizing his own property in his own way, and the general of
the investing army announces his capacity to maintain the siege
indefinitely. This is not a public war. The State of Illin6is is at
peace with all the world, yet war is being waged on its soil to
strike down property rights and to destroy the right of private
contract.
The owner of the Zeigler mine has the legal right to work
his own property in his own way, if he can find employes ready
to accept his terms. This he has done, but the armed force which
nearly surrounds him refuses to permit him to employ whom he
pleases, and to his employes the right to work for whom and on
what terms they please. This is the fundamental issue that is being
brought out in a prolonged action at arms. It is an attempt by
force and slaughter to compel employer and employes to submit to
ihe arbitrary will of men who are third parties and have no legal
relation to the matter at all. Submission of one man to the arbitrary
will of another is a surrender of his civil liberty.
What is the State of Illinois doing in the premises? The bill
of rights in its constitution guarantees civil liberty to all its people.
Governor Yates has taken an oath to enforce the constitution and
the law. If the defenders of Zeigler are compelled to surrender to
a superior force they surrender civil liberty, not only for them
selves, but for all the people of Illinois. If an armed and illegal
force can compel such surrender at one place and not be punished
for its act, the same may be done at all places in the State. If the
law is powerless at Zeigler, it will be so from Chicago to Rock
Island, from Galena to Cairo.
Such demonstrations as this'at Zeigler are insurrections against
the civil state. Succeeding in one place and enjoying immunity,
they may spread to many places and then insurrection develops
into revolution. Under a republican form of government the rights
denied at^Zeigler are fundamental. When and where they are suc
cessfully denied, republican government no longer exists. The
issues between the owner and the Miners' Union at Zeigler dis
appear in the presence of the greater issue of civil liberty. Are the
besiegers at Zeigler above the law and are the besieged below it?
INTERSTATE RAILWAY RATES.
REPORTS from Washington indicate a conflict between the
President and the Senate as to the legislation upon the sub
ject of interstate railway rates which was foreshadowed in
the Presidential message. The Senate is said to have determined
that nothing shall be done until next Congress, while the Presi
dent desires immediate Congressional action in the matter.
It is hard to say why there should be any delay in an act of
justice such as this. The evils which would be rectified by the
action which the President has outlined are real and pressing evils,
and they are inflicting an injury upon the trade of California and
upon that of other States from which recovery will in any case
be sufficiently slow. The President's suggestioYis were moderate
in the extreme. He did not propose to clothe the Interstate Com
mission with arbitrary powers to fix railway rates, but only to de
cide, subject to judicial review, what shall be a r-asonable rate in
such cases where the given rate has been challenged. He believes
that this would constitute the most important legislative act now
needed so far as regards the regulation of corporations, and in
this belief he has the hearty concurrence of the commercial sections
This is, of course, only a part of the larger question, which
was generously outlined in the Presidential message and epitomised
by the declaration that "we must strive to keep the highways of
commerce open to all on equal terms." To do this rebates must
be stopped and the law which was intended to prevent railway dis
crimination in interstate and foreign commerce must be enforced.
The satisfaction with which the Presidential assurances were
received will be measurably tempered if it transpires that the Seri
ate is resolved upon a postponement. The President showed a
great knowledge of the conditions, as well as a great sympathy for
the needs of interstate commerce, and his hands must be strength
ened for the speedy accomplishment of the. needed legislation. .
CALIFORNIA DEVELOPMENT.
THE meeting of California development organizations, which
was held at Sacramento on June 18, 1903, has already borne
good and substantial fruit. The object of that meeting was
to promote the closer co-operation of the various development
efforts now active throughout the State. To that end it was
then decided to form a promotion committee for each county, such
committees to form part of a counties committee of the Central
California promotion committee. It was further determined that
the counties committee hold meetings semirannually and at such
other times as. may be deemed advisable.
As a result of this admirable arrangement it is now announced
that the second semi-annual meeting of officers and representa
tives of all development organizations, as well-as Chambers'of Com-
THE SAN ,FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY. DECEMBER 11, 1904.
A SON OF WEALTH
T first It was merely the rumor of
a rumor, then it became an au
|vj| thenticated report and last the
f^\ town — or at least that part of It
i which considered itself indu
v bitably "upper crust"— thrilled
with the knowledge that Hemingway
Trent was to spend a month with his
aunt, Mrs. Ordway.
Set down in black and white, this
fact appears insignificant, but just
think a moment and reseat the name
over and over to yourself — "Trent,
Trent," and you will doubtless begin to
thrill, for the name of Trent is known
wherever pickles are eaten or money
is spent.
It is only fair to the present Trents
to explain that it is a far cry from the
original pickle — or rather from the little
patch of ground on the edge of a young
city— where that first pickle — thai
Aladdin's lamp of a pickle — grew, to
the present representatives of the fam
ily.
Hemingway, the future head of the
Trent family, aged 26 years, was com
ing to Carriston for a visit. A blaze of
interest sprang up in anxious mother
hearts at first rumor of this fact, and
though they guarded eye and lip, some
sparks flew and little additional fires
sprang u:> in the hearts of marriage
able daughters. Finally the air became
surcharged. Adamantine father-hearts
gave signs of emotion — a restlessness, a
critical, lingering survey of daughterly
charms. Several rush orders for gowns
of more than ordinary beauty were sent
scurrying across the continent. And It
was significant that this finery to come
was never mentioned — not even be
tween the best of friends. i
Amid all the Intense, subdued flurry
' of preparation there was one family
: that remained serene. Mr. and Mrs.
j Barry of Barrydene went their elegant,
■ languid way, undistracted and un
: moved, though they, too, had a mar
i rlageable daughter. The way of the
I Barrys had long since ceased to be af-
I fluent. If the Hemingways, for whom
j Trent was named, had left a ram
; shackle shanty far behind them, the
1 Barrys, on the other hand, had come
, from a rare old colonial mansion that
i overlooked the River Severn. The only
difference between them was that they
had started at different ends of the
. chain.
Still, Brenda Barry, only child and
chief depository of the practical sense
of the house of that name, was usually
filled with a tingling resentment when
she heard of the enormous fortunes
of the "new" people. Being a woman,
she could not fail to feel the subtle
tenseness In the social atmosphere and
for the same reason she instinctively
divined its cause. And to say that she
was scornful but faintly expresses It.
There was nothing about the good
looking, athletic young fellow whom
she met a week later to justify that
scorn. He was the usual thine — a very
much washed, immaculately dressed
young man of the day, with a desire to
please which was so apparent that
Brenda had to goad herself into rempm
bering how frightfully new and dis
gustingly rich he was.
This attitude on the part of one
whose head might well have been
turned by the flattery and attention
he was receiving on all sides mollified
her somewhat. Then, by chance, she
happened to encounter a rather vindic
tive glance from Helen Carrlncton's
violet eyes — Helen was wearing an ex
quisitely simple gown that had not
seen the light before — and suddenly her
own plan of action- was clearly mapped
out In her mind.
"Too much soothing syrup," she re
flected ironically. "What he needs Is
a tonic." This mental comment of hers
may have had something to do with
the delightful sense Of refreshment
young Trent felt In her presence. She
merce in California, will be held in Pasadena on December 17. It
seems that there are in California no less than 146 of such organi
zations and that they spend a very considerable sum of money
every year in furtherance of their laudable objects. To a certain
extent these objects are local, but to a much greater extent they
are general, and the advantages that must accrue from unification,
co-operation and centralization are many and obvious.
A movement such, as this is the outcome of a wholesome and
patriotic enthusiasm for California, and certainly no State in the
Union has better justification for the publicity which is sought.
There is no part of the world that can offer % better investments nor
happier homes, and the extent to which the committee can make
this known is one of the measures of their service. The whole
community participates in the substantial benefits, resulting from
these efforts, and the whole community should show its appreciation.
At the forthcoming Pasadena meeting the special topic for
consideration will be "Californian Publicity," and it will, of course,
be treated by practical men in a practical way. Publicity implies
population, trade and . prosperity ; it- means an ever larger place
for California in the markets of the world.
How large that place may be is necessarily a matter for con
jecture, but, the promotion committees will doubtless make it a
matter of experiment. Wherever Californian produce has made its
appearance it has been received with the welcome which its excel
lence insures, but the. world, is a big place, and much earnest and
unified work must be done along the precise lines which the com
mittees are following. California ought to have its representatives
not only throughout the East, but also throughout Europe, in order
that s every. opening market may be. promptly filled, and in order that
Californian produce may become the recognized standard of excel
lence. , : 'V'>v/v-i.: u.f:
PORT ARTHUR AND THE BALTIC FLEET.
THE latest Japanese successes at Port Arthur have immeasur
ably increased the difficulties which await the Russian Baltic
fleet. Port Arthur can now give them no better welcome
than the destructive impact of Japanese shells, which can search
out well nigh every corner of the harbor and make it entirely
impossible as a refuge. The Russian authorities, doubtles.f, have
their plans, which they naturally do not divulge,' but it is hard to
understand what those plans can be. The ships "which have been
lying in Port Arthur harbor are now practically destroyed. The
Baltic fleet will arrive under all the disadvantages inseparable from
a long voyage, while Admiral Togo has had abundant leisure to
refit, and to perfect his plans for a vigorous attack. The behavior
of the Russian ships since their voyage began, on the Dogger Bank
and elsewhere, gives some color to the suggestion that the Russian
authorities have no plans except to desperately maintain an appear
ance of doing something.
THE CANTEEN SYSTEM IN THE ARMY.
1T seems probable that the. canteen system will be re-established
• in the United States army,, and it is even stated that those
who were most instrumental in its abolition are now anxious
for its reinstatement. After all, there appears to be no particular
reason to assume that a soldier is lacking in the same intelligent
self-control\that characterizes other citizens who do not happen
to be soldiers. The abolition of the canteen appears to have given
rise to other and far greater evils, as must always be the case
where a mistaken morality is allowed to interfere with the right
of every human being, within certain obvious limits, to recognize
the difference between good and evil and to; choose between them.
There can be no virtue without free : will.
BY KEITH GORDON.
asked him none of the usual questions
with which the others , had pestered
him until he wondered impatiently if
they had nothing to think of but him.
Indeed, she didn't seem to be very clear
as to his identity, so that he felt com
pelled to refer rather, diffidently to the
fact that he was on a visit to his aunt,
Mrs. Ordway. Even then her face was
impassive.
"Rather a stunning girl— that Miss
Barry," he remarked to his aunt the
next day on their drive as she pointed
Barrydene to him, while he noted with
interest its picturesque decay. The
, stucco house was a beautiful, soft gray,
and what had once been a garden after
the Italian manner was now overcrown
and neglected, ;yet full of wistful
beauty. Near a corner of the house he
caught the gleam of a light gown and
energetically tried by means of hyp
notic suggestion to cause his aunt. to
stop, but she sat placidly beside him,
utterly unaware that the castle of her
mind was being assaulted.
Trent reasoned that if you pass a
I "Oh, I sny, you oughtn't to do j
tills, you know!" J
person's house often enough you are
pretty sure to meet that person. On
the third successive morning that he
passed Barrydene she came through
the gate In the neglected hedge just
as his horse Jogged slowly by.
She wore a short pink gown, with
sleeves turned back and collar turned
In, and In her hand she carried what
appeared to be a wet napkin. She
greeted him with a negligent nod. put
ting him still further at ease by her
inquiry.
"Have you — I don't suppose you
have — but have you seen a small doe:
that looked as if he were sneaking
away from home?"
Trent was off his horse In a mo
ment, while he assured her that thouch
he had encountered no such animal,
he was sure that he could find it should
she command. She put away his offer.
"Oh, he'll come back! Only, he knows
it's wrong— and I like to be obeyed."
"I'd obey In a jiffy— If you'd tell me
to come in," Trent ventured boldly.
Miss Barry was all demureness for
a moment, then a wicked gleam danced
into her eyes.
"Come — pray do." she Invited sweetly,
and a moment later he had tied his
horse and was walking beside her up
the graveled path, where the grass grew
unrebuked. Everywhere there was dis
order, byt it was of the pictorial sort,
that has an attraction all its own. To
Hemingway Trent, accustomed to
grounds that were bathed and shaved
almost as regularly a3 their masters,
it was oddly charming. His companion,
however, noticing his musing, lingering
gaze, construed in a different way.
"Pities us, I suppose, because we
haven't a head gardener and two or
three assistants," she thought to her
self resentfully. Thereupon she decided
to shock his sensibilities still more.
"It's rather informal, I know," she
said glibly, "but I'm going right on
with my work," and she led the way
around to the rear of the house. "You
see, I've just been doing a few of the
small fine pieces myself, the Chinaman
brings them back streaked in so many
shades of pink and blue/'
She looked at him furtively, but It
was evident he was thoroughly mysti
fied. She was obliged to be more ex
plicit. v
"Washing, you know," she elaborated,
pointing to an Indian basket heaped
with linen that stood on the grass.
"Now Just make yourself comfortable
and talk to me while I work," and slie
proceeded rather ostentatiously to
spread out some dainty handkerchiefs
and napkins on the adjoining rose
bushes, w,hile. her caller looked on In
shocked, speechless amazement.
"Oh, I say! You oughtn't to do this,
you know. It's ridiculous; It's an out
rage. Get a Chinaman who'll do the
right thing. There must be one some
where."
Miss Harry became sweetly pensive.
Resignment spoke from every line of
her face.
"There are some," she admitted, "but
they charge, oh, fearfully!" Then, wilh
hands locked behind' her she stood back
and regarded the bushes wheYe all the
sweet 'rose faces were now hidden from
the sun. with a virtuous enthusiasm.
"That saves papa as much as a dollar,"
she said proudly, "and every little
helps."
Trent murmured something, he did
not precisely know what, so busy he
whs trying to think what it must be
like, the financial condition that made
the saving of a dollar so great a thing.
Brenda covertly watched him with,
fiendish delight which was. It Is true,
modified when she discovered that his
surprise was changing Into a sort of
awed admiration
Still she managed to convey to him
before he took his dazed departure that
she usually spent the early morning
hours gardeningi working in another
pathetic reference their need of
economy.
Promptly the next morning Trent,
clad in the most disreputable clothes
he could procure, might have been seen
hanging about the Barrydene hedges.
When the daughter of the house finally
made her appearance — it was not so
early though as he had been led to
believ.e — he walked in boldly announc
ing with the simplicity of the early
Trents— the market garden ones— that
he'd come to help. Miss Barry's face
turned a riotous red, and she tried to
dissuade him, but for an hour' or more
he digged and delved at her side right
sturdily. Once begun, there was no
stopping him, and Carrlston watched
the disgraceful affair aghast. When
later on the -ardening led to the usual
result, Brenda looked him straight in
the eve.
"I fancy that I have angled for you
just as much as the others," she said
breathlessly. But Hemingway Trent
only laughed.
"What difference so long as I like
your bait?" he questioned. — Copyright,
1904. by T. C. McClure.
STOP DEER KILLING
FOR SEVERAL YEARS,
SAYS CORRESPONDENT
Editor The Call: In The Call of No
vember 30 I notice a lengthy article re
garding killing and selling of game;
also a proposition to limit the killing of
deer to two In one season. The fact of
the matter Is, if it is the object for deer
to Increase, a law must be passed to stop
the killing altogether for a few years.
As It is, as long as hunters are allowed
to hunt deer they will kill all they can
and pay but small regard to whether
they are does or bucks, and some of
them go so far as to shoot cattle in
mistake for deer, not using the neces
sary precaution. to know what they are
shooting at. This Is well known here,
and, as a consequence, cattlemen are In
favor of stopping the killing of deer and
thus save more cattle.
Little attention Is paid to the game
laws In the mountains, as some will
kill to use whenever they get the
chance. Two members of a sportsmen's
club killed quail out of season, and. as
an excuse, said they thought they had
a right to, being members of the club.
J. S. WEST.
Elk Creek, Cal., Dec. 5.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
CALLERS — Sunshjne, Golden Gate,
Cal. When callers are received at a
house, gentlemen or ladles, it is proper
for tha one receiving the call to offer
either a luncheon or light refreshments.
It would also be proper to offer either
a small cup of coffee, tea or choco
late.
NOTARIES — Subscriber, City. In
California notaries are appointed by
the Governor. Application for . such
appointment should be sent to the ap
pointing power. To be a notary" the
applicant should have some knowledge
of legal forms and of the law that gov
ers such officers.
TO CLEAN FEATHERS— O. S., City.
The following Is given as a means to
clean feathers: "Dissolve four ounces
of white soap, cut small, in half a gal
lon of water, not; quite scalding hot,
beating this into a lather, then putting
in the feathers, rubbing them gently
with the fingers; then rinse In very hot,
clean water."
SOUP— S. F., City. Whether, one eats
soup or drinks sodp depends upon the
condition of the soup. Some soups are
so thin that it 13 impossible to « eat
them, but one swallowsthem in spoon
fuls, while, others are so thick that one
has to masticate the ingredients, there
fore one \ must eat such. , Books on eti
quette say: "Soup is "always served
first; eat It; from the side of ;' your
spoon." "When eating soup -. avoid
making a noise." . ,
WHILE THE CITY EXPANDS
ITS EDUCATIONAL WANTS
SHOULD NOT BE NEGLECTED
Every rapidly growing city faces
grave municipal problems and to this
proposition the city of San Francisco
Is no exception. First of all municipal
wants demanding .attention are the
physical needs of a city. Its sanitary
needs of water and sewerage, its pro
tection from fire and from marauders
are essential to Its existence. Then
next In Importance, a cause dear to
every American, is the education of
the children and youth, and, in these
days It may be added, the education
of the masses 'of the people through
out a lifetime.
San Francisco now has a population
closely bordering on half a million.
The causes which have given it a sud
den impulse and have brought its re
cent strong growth are permanent
ones. Soon* there will be three-quar
ters of a million people here, and, not
long after, a million persons. This pro
phecy is deemed by many residents to
be wild and visionary, but It is certain
that the rest of the country does not
share In the belief of San Francisco's
moderate growth. It is elsewhere a
common expression that San Fran
cisco is sure to become one of the
great cities of the world.
This local pessimism is unfortunate
for the city's future welfare; it pre
cludes sound judgment for the needs
of the hereafter. It is wholly unlike
the dominant spirit of Chicago. In
that city every resident has believed
in Its great future and has acted ac
cordingly from the days of its village
life to the present hour, when it is the
home of 2,000,000 people. It is not
true, however, that the majority of
the citizens of San Francisco entertain
the belief that San Francisco will have
a slow growth.- The successful efforts
put forth for the bonding of the city
for modern Improvements and those
now under way for its artistic develop
ment forbid that opinion.
But the regrettable truth is that
while this vision of expansion has par
tially dawned upon San Francisco, ef
forts for the development and advance
of the public school system of the
city are paralyzed. Charter amend
ments are discussed and action on
them Is indefinitely postponed. The
new school buildings will be erected at
an uncertain date. It is even pro
posed that many of them shall be
frame structures, when the fact is that
hardly any city of 10,000 throughout
the whole country will consent to the
use of any material but brick or stone.
It is next to impossible to secure any
marked increase of appropriations for
the schools. The city authorities con
tent themselves with annually grant
ing $350,000, which is added to the
State's allotment of $1, 010,000, mak
ing a total expenditure for the year
of $1,360,000. '
Notwithstanding all handicaps, the
Board of Education and the force of
superintendents are doing their utmost
to direct the teachers along the best
lines of educational progress and are
successful— to a certain extent. The
work done by the San Francisco
schools ranks well with that of many
Eastern cities. But, it must be re
membered, this work is performed
largely on the old lines of a dozen
years or more ago. The educational
world has been advancing in that pe
riod in ideas and practice to a wonder
ful degree.
Yfct San Francisco practically stands
still. The educational leaders who
have recently returned from visits
among the schools of the East tell but
one story, and that is that San Fran
cisco is far behind the times.
New York, Chicago, Cleveland and
many other cities have grasped the
idea that school education should be
a real preparation for life work. Com
mencement is ' made by v a wide adop
tion of the kindergarten. The psycho
logical truth that play Is a powerful
element in mental, as well as physical,
development is* adopted through the
ample school playgrounds, or by the
use of the platformed roofs.
Gymnasiums and manual training
form part of the equipment and courses
of even the elementary schools. School
gardens prove to be no less valuable to
child nature in the United States than
in France, where it is said that no
TTIEIR SHYNESS.
So their engagement is broken *
Yes; they were both too shy to get
married.
What?
Well, you see, he was shy of money,
and she got shy of him when she found
it out. — Philadelphia Ledger.
A Birthday Mystery.
• Here Is a strange little puzzle, which
has the same answer, independent of
the fact that no two people solving
the puzzle were born the same year
and consequently use the same figure*.
Write down the figures of the year you
were born, and from this take away
four. Add your age at next birthday
if it comes before January, otherwise
your age at your last birthday. Multi
ply the result by 1000 and from this' de
duct CS5.423. Substitute for the figured
corresponding letters of the alphabet,
as A for 1, B for 2, etc. The result Is
a Chinese table delicacy which Is used
in this country for electioneering pur
poses. Strike out the first letter and
transpose those that remain to form a
word.
FRIENDS.
YOU are my friend, for you have smiled with me.
My help and hope In fair and stormy weather |
I like you for the Joys you've whlled with mo.
I love you for the griefs we've wept togother.
I've held your hand when life was go'd to me.
And shared with you Its every K racious greeting ;
You've brought good cheer when earth was co:d to me
And mads me feel your warm heart fondly beating.
Though all the world was deaf and dark to me.
And long the night, and bleak tha winds and bltln*;
*l know full weTtthat you would hark to me
And set my path with lamps of Love's g!ad lighting.
You are my friend, for you have smiled with me.
I iiK 1 ? a "d hope In fair and stormy weather ;
I like you for the Joys you've whlled with me.
I love you for. the griefs we've wept together.
1MIXON WATERMAN, in Now York Tribuns.
school Is allowed to be unprovided with
a garden spot. In the high schools of
these progressive Eastern cities thor
ough manual training in advanced
work and complete commercial study
fit the boy and girl to step into their
chosen pursuits thoroughly prepared.
Dr. Maxwell, superintendent of the
New York schools, has lately said in
an address at Cooper Union: "Play
Is Imperative In the school as affording
relaxation for the pupil. Gymnastics
strengthen the body and help to build
up a healthy mind. Athletics Is a sys
tematized form of play and strengthen*
the courage, self-control and loyalty
to one's fellows through working to
gether to one end. Manual training
cultivates the mental and moral habit
of accurateness and truthfulness. "With
out these four forms no school is doing
Its perfect work."
Considering the subject of Industrial
education a Httle more In detail, look
at the outlays In New York for this
purpose. That city Is now constructing
two manual training schools each of
which will cost nearly $1,000,000 and
$100,000 more for the machinery. Ther»
will be In the molding rooms a cupola
of one ton capacity for melting Iron
and also a brass furnace. In the forea
room will be found a 230-pound steam
hammer, besides numerous steam en
gines and electric motors. Look out
on East River and see a vessel an
chored there which contains a nautical
school for the boys who are ambitious
to be sailors. Bathrooms are provided
In the school buildings of the over
crowded tenement districts. Nearly
5000 free lectures were given to adults
last year In 143 lecture centers. The
teachers, too, are not forgotten by an
appreciative municipality. Any teacher,
or supervisor, who has given thirty-flv»
years' service, twenty of which hav»
been spent In the city schools, may be
retired on half pay when disabled, o^
on reaching the age of sixty-five. The
total expenditures for New York's pub
lic schools for 1904 will be over $21,
000.000.
If it be true that San Francisco Is,
educationally considered, In a stagnant
condition, it is.not difficult to ascertain
the cause. It is wholly and entirely for
the reason that public sentiment has
not been awakened to the needs of edu
cational Improvement. The busy com
mercial or professional man, unaware
of the tremendous advance and high
educational standards of this period.
Is not conscious that the modern rich
developements of school life should be
realized, at least to some extent, by hla
own boys and girls. That thev will
hereafter be handicapped for want or
the most thorough training this ag~
can give does not enter his thought*.
He pays his taxes, hears that his chil
dren are "doing well" In school and is
content.
There is one way, and one only,
that is now visible by which the pub
lic mind may be awakened to a Just
sense of local educational wants. In
this city is a civic body that ia large,
thoroughly organized, powerful. Th«
object of Its existence is to care for
the public good. The value of its
previous efforts for the welfare of th>»
city Is beyond estimate. It makes no
mistakes. Its name Is the Merchants'
Association. If this association with
its wealth of membership, resources
and character will take up this meas
ure In Its own thorough-going, broad
gauged manner of transacting busi
ness there will be no failure. The re
ports of the committees of the asso
ciation, co-operating with the school
authorities in exhaustive local and
Eastern investigations, will carry
weight with ever^ citizen of San Fran
cisco and their recommendations are
morally certain of adoption. The
value of such a movement in behalf of
the public schools of San Francisco
cannot be computed. To say the least,
the results will be on a par with the
successful labors of the asosclation In
promoting the bond Issue of 513.000.
000. Virtually such a work carried to
completion amounts to relaying, the
educational foundations of this city.
"Will the Merchants* Association as
sume this work of transcendent im
portance? To a body of men organ
ized expressly to promote public In
terests few finer opportunities ever
come through which to render their
city a distinguished service. G. G.
NEWTONIANA.
Newton had Just discovered what
made the apple falL
"But." they protested, "do you know
what makes the hints drop at this tlm«
of the year?"
And with the almanac he laboriously
counted up to Dec 25.— New York Sun.
The Wonderful Maguey Tree.
The wonders of botany are appar
ently Inexhaustible. One of the most
remarkable specimens Is the Mexican
maguey tree, which furnishes a needla
and thread ready for use. At the tip
of each dark green leaf Is a slender
thorn needle that must be carefully
drawn from Its sheath. At the same
time it slowly unwinds the thread, a
strong, smooth fiber attached to tha
needle and capable of being drawn
out to a great length.
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business nouses and public men by th«
Press Cllpplns Bureau (Allen's). 3(> Call
fornla street. Telephone Main Id42. *MR. DOOLEY
REGARDS BANTING WITH DISFAVOR
I SEE th 1 good woman goin' by
here at a gallop to-day," said
Mr. Dooley.
"She's thryin' to rayjooce her
weight, said Mr. Hennessy.
"What f'r?" '
';I don't know. She looks all right," said
. ■ . ■ ■ ...- • ' .... ■■-.■,--,.■■
"Well," said Mr. Dooley, " 'tis a sthrange
thing. Near ivrybody I know is thryin' to
rayjooce his weight. Why shud a woman
vant to be thin onless she is thin? Th'
i<>e iv female beauty that all gr-reat' men
■ ■■'' ■■' - ' - ■ '
fr'm Jrlius Caesar to mesilf has held is
• ,
much more like a bar'l thin a clothes pole.
Hnjan tells me that Alexander's wife an'
Caesar* missus was no light weights; Mar
tha \Va«h'nton was short but pleasantly
.d;:mp3% an' Andhrew Jackson's good wotn-
LIFE MOTIVES
Written for THE CALL by tne Salvation Arjny Leader on the Eve of His Departure for London.
n — .. IGHT and Might may
<•* — "v\ be said to be the two
1/ ruling forces of the
"^C world. Under proper
\\ conditions Might
should be directed by
Right, and Right should
be enforced by Might. That is an
ideal at which all good laws seek to
aim. Right is the rudder. Might the
steam. The proper combination of
the two constitutes an irresistible
. force.
Against the hosts of Right are ar
rayed those of Wrong. Between the
two a ceaseless and irreconcilable war
' is being waged. Those principles are
"eternal and unalterable. Reason ex
plains, Conscience warns, God re
veals, but even the Chief Executive of
'■ the Universe can only declare, re- j
ward or punish— he cannot, does not,
• change their character. They are his
own divine rule of action.
But not only is there a conflict be
tween Right and Wrong, there is also
' a more perplexing conflict between
• Right and Ritfht. and it becomes
•necefsary to subordinate the inferior
' to the superior, and to protect the
weaker against the stronger, securing
to each right a maxim of liberty with
a minimum of interference.
Every individual !n a city has the
right to walk over the same spot in
.the road at the. same minute in the 1 *
day. Physically this is an impossi
bility, especially where that spot has
• to be shared by cars, motors, wagons,
cqnestrians and pedestrians. The right
of each has to be subordinated to that
V.f the rest. In extreme capes it may
even for a time be altogether sus
" The regulation of conflicting rights
and the protection nf right from
wrong becomes ultimately the sub- j
ject of legal enactments, law being j
professedly the declaration of the J
great fundamental principles of right
and wrong.
The conflict of riglit with wron?,
or of right with right, may take place
in the varied realms of home, busi
ness, village, city, state, nation or
an weighed l\vo hundhred an' smoked a
pipe. Hogan says that all th' potes he
knows was in love with not to say fat but
ample ladies. Th' potes thimsilves was
thin but th' ladies was chubby. A pote whin
he has wurruked all day at th' typewriter
wants to rest his head on a shoulder that
won't hurt. Shakespeare's wife was thin an'
they quarreled. Th' lady that th' Eyetalian
pote Danty made a fool iv himsilf about
was no skiliton. All th' pitchers iv beau
tiful women I've iver see had manny curves
an' sivral chins. Th' phottygraft iv Mary
Queen iv Scots that I have in me -room
shows that she took on weight afther she
had her dhress made. Th' collar looks to
be chokin' her.
"But nowada3'S 'tis th' fashion to thry
to emaciate ye'ersilf. I et supper with Car-
nev th' other day. It was th' will iv. hiven
that Carney shud grow fat, but Carney has
a will iv his own an' f'r tin years he's been
thryin' to look like Sinitor Fairbanks whin
his thrue model was Grover Cleveland. He
used to scald hirasilf ivry mornin' with a
quart of hot wather on gettin' up. That
did him no good. Thin he thried takin' long
walks. Th' long walk rayjooced him half
a pound and gave him a thirst that made
him take on four pounds iv boodweiser.
Thin he rented a horse an' thried horse
back ridin'. Th' horse liked his weight no
more thin Carney did. an' Carney gained
tin pounds in th' hospital. He thried
starvin' himsilf an' ho lost two pounds an'
his job Pr bein' cross to th' boss. Thin be
raysumcd his reg'lar meals an' made up his
mind to cut out th' sugar. I see him at
breakfast wan mornin'. Nature had been
kind to Carney in th' matter iv appytite. I
won't tell ye what he consumed. It's too
soon afther supper an' th' room is close.
But, annyhow, whin his wife had tattered in
with th' last flapjack an' fainted, an' whin
I begun to v.ondher whether it wud be safe
to stay, he hauled a little bottle fr'm his
pocket an' took a small pill. 'What's
that?' says I.. ' Tis what I take in place iv
humanity. The regulation of the re- j
lationships of man with man is per
haps the most vitally important ques
tion that can engage our attention
next to the relationship of man with
God. ♦
Ultimately it will be found on ex
amination that the rule of Right re
solves itself into the ruJe of Benevo
lence, while the ultimate analysis of
all forms of . Wrong will be found to
be pure, undiluted Selfishness.
The greatest moral teacher the I
world has ever seen has admirably
epitomized the law of Right for the I
guidance of moral beings: "Thou
shalt love the Lord thy Gci with all
thy heart and soul and mind and
strength, ant', thy neighbor as thy-
self." There we have in a nutshell
the rule of Right, the great 'moral
law of Benevolence.
Wrong, on the other hand, may
consist either of wrong actions, or of
right actions with a wrong motive. Ul
timately the leaven of selfishness may
be detected in both. Even .the love
of home, of family, or of country,
may become pure and undiluted self
ishness, or, at best, a mere animal in
stinct. I love them because they are
mine. In other words, I love myself.
The love of benevolence wills . their
highest good, and soars higher than
this realm of selfishness, and makes
the necessary sacrifice that may be
required to obtain the object, and
subordinates their welfare to the
higher good, which conscience, rea
son or revelation may present.
Benevolence must not be confound
ed with mere emotional sentiment.
Benevoience is the deliberate choice
of a right object in life with a cor
responding set of right actions in pur
suance of that objecr, this being the"
best and indeed only way to secure
the enjoyment of those emotions
which constitute one of its sweetest
rewards.
To use a simple illustration, Wrong
stands with its back to the sun, its
face turned toward the shadow of
Self. Sometimes that shadow takes
the form of Wealth, sometimes of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
WRITTEN -TOR THE CALL BY E. P. DUNNE.
MR. DOOLEY CALLS ATTENTION
TO THE "AMPLE" LADIES
OF HISTORY.
(( ''Til' .dee iv female beauty that all gr-reat men
JL fr'm Julius Caesar to meself has held is much
nvore like a bar' I thin a. clothes pole. Hogan
tells vie thaf> Alexander's wife an' r Caesar's missus
was no light weights; Martha Wash'jit on was short
bibb pleasantly dumpy an' Andhrew Jackson' s good
woman weighed two hundherd an' smoked a pipe.
Hogan says all the poles he knoivs was in love with
not to say fat but ample ladies. Th' potes thimsilves
was thin but th' ladies was chubby. .ApDt? whin he
has wurruked, all' day at lh' typewr.ter wants to rest
his head, on a shoulder that won't hurt. Shakespeare's
wife was thin an* they quarreled. Th' lady that th'
Eyetalian pote Dant'j made a fool iv himsi'f about
was no ski iton. All th' pitchers iv beautiful women
I've iver sze had manny curves an' sivral chins. Th }
photy graft iv Mary Queen iv Scots that 1 have in me
room shows tJbat *h& look on weight afther she had her
dress made. Th' collar* looks to be chokin' her."
sugar,' says he. 'Sugar is fattenin' an this
rayjooces th' weight,' says he. 'An' ar-re
ye goin' to match that poor ' little tablet
against that breakfast?' says I. 'I am.' says
he. 'Cow'rd,' says I.
"Th' latest thing that Carney has took
up to make th' fight again' Nature is called
Fletching. Did ye iver hear iv it? Well,
they'se a lad be th' name iv Fletcher who
thinks so much iv his stomach that he won't
use it an' he tells Carney that if he'll ate
on'y wan or two mouthfuls at ivry meal
an' thurly chew thim, he will ivinchooly be
no more thin skin an' bones an' very hand
some to look at. In four weeks a man who
RULE OE RIGHT.
TJLTIMATELY it
*-' wist be found, on
examination that the
rule of right resolves
itself into the rule of
benevo ence ,ivhi l e the
ultimate analysis of
all forms of wrong
will be jound to be
pure, undiluted self
ishn ss. r
Pleasure, sometimes of Honor, some
times of Ease. But it will be univer
sally found to be analyzable as Self,
disguised in different costumes. A
wrong life pursues this shadow. The
fas.tci the pursuer runs, the faster the
shadow flees, till both disappear over
the edge of the precipice of death.
The shadow is never caught. The
pursuer ultimately perishes. He calls
the shadow Happiness, but Selfishness
and true Happiness never meet.
Right, on the other hand, turns its
back on the shadow of Self, its face
to the Sun of Righteousness. In
obedience to the great law of Benev
olence,- it resolutely sacrifices the
lesser for the greater good, the paltry
self for the worthy many. If it pos
sesses brains they are placed at the
disposal of humanity. Their luscious
fruit is lavished on the markets of the
world. If it possesses influence,
knowledge, health, wealth— in short,
anything that is* worth having— all is
offered cheerfully and willingly for
the service of God and humanity, as
representing the highest good. Right
runs toward the Sun of Righteous
ness, and the shadow of Self now
becomes its servant. The faster; Right
runs the faster does its shadow . fol
low and minister ;o its needs true
happiness, "good measure, pressed
down, shaken' together and running
over.
Copyright, 1904, by IYlcClure, Phillips & Co.
Copyright, 1904,\by The San Francisco Call.
Self dominates any sphere, as the
motive power is malevolence .and
carinot^failto do harm.
The ruler becomes a tyrant.
The statesman narrowminded.
The religious teacher a bigot' or
fanatic.
"The wealthy man stingy.
.The beautiful woman vain.
The talented genius conceited.
Fletches will' lose forty pounds, an' all his
frinds. Th' idee is that ye mumble ye'er
food f'r tin minyits with a watch injroht
iv ye. This night Carney was Fletching.
It was a fine supper. Th' table groaned be
neath all th' indilicacies iv th' season. We
tucked our napkins undher our chins an'
prepared f'r a jaynial avenin'. Not so, Car
ney. He laid his goold watch on th' table,
took a mouthful iv mutton pie an' begun to
Fletch. , At first Hogan thought he was
makin' faces at him, but I explained that
he was crazy. I see by th' look in Car
ney's eye that he didn't like th' explanation,
but we wirif . on with th' supper. Well,
COMMANDER BOOTH TUCKER.
The successful man dogmatic.
The ordinary individual discontent
ed, ■ revengeful and unhappy.
Benevolence has just the opposite
effect. Love_ in action— and true love
cannot long lie dormant— is the most
beautiful and forceful motive power
in the world. We are . ; told that God
is Love. . His motive is absolutely
gure, and his actions are in : absolute
'twas gloryous. 'Jawn, ye'er health. Pass
th' beefsteak, Malachi. Schwartzmeister,
ol' boy, can't I help ye to th' part that
wint over th' fence last? What's that
story? Tell it over here where Carney,
can't hear. It might make him laugh an'
hurt him with his frind Fletcher. No?
What? Ye don't aay? An' didn't Carney
resist it? Haw, haw, hawl This eyesther
sauce Is th' best I iver see. Michael, this
is like ol' times. Look at Schwartzmeister.
He's Fletching, too. No, be gorry, he's
chokin'. I think Carney's watch has stop
ped. No wondher; he's lookin' at it. Haw.
hawt haw. haw* haw. A good joke on Car
ney. Did ye iver see such a face? Car
ney, me buck, ye look like a kinetoscope.
What is a face without a stomach? Car
ney, ye make me nervous. If that there
idol don't stop f'r a minyit I'll throw some
thing at it. Carney, time's up. Ye win
ye'er bet, but 'twas a foolish wan. I
thought ye were goin' to push Fletcher in
a wheelbarrow.'
"I've known Jawn Carney, man and boy,
f'r forty year, but I niver knew ontil that
minyit that he was a murdherer at heart.
Th' look he give us whin he snapped his
watch was tur-rble; but th' look he give
th' dinner was aven worse. He set there
f'r two mortal hours miditatin' what form
th' assassynations wud take an' Fletchin'
each wan iv us in his mind. I walked home
with him to see that he came to no harm.
Near th' house he wint into a' baker's shop
an' bought four pies an' a bag iv doughnuts.
'I've promised to take thim home to me
wife,' he says. 'I thought she was out iv
town,' says I. 'She'll be back in a week,'
says he; 'an' annyhow. Misther Dooley, I'll
thank ye not to be pryin' into me domestic
"An' there ye ar-re. What's th' use iv
goin' up again' th'laws iv Nature, says I.
If Nature intindcd ye to be a little roly
poly, a little roly-poly ye'll be. They ain't
annything to do that ye ought to do that'll
make ye thin an' keep ye thin. Th' wan
thing in th' wurruld that'll- rayjooce* ye
surely is lack iv sleep, an' who wants to
OBJECT OF DIVINITY.
HTO alter the main
**■ spring of the hu
man heart from self
ishness into benevo
lence and to make Us
actions correspond
with that grand pur
p ,se is (h" object of
divinity in all its
dealngs with hu
manity.
harmony with his motive. Here • we
have the only perfect illustration and
example of Right backed up by Might
and Might guided by Right. The
rudder of Right responds to the
slightest touch of the pilot, Reason,
while the compass of Conscience
never swerves a hairsbreadth from its
true direction, and the engines of
Almighty Power are engaged in driv
ing the universe along the course of
its highest ultimate good.
To alter the mainspring of the hu
man heart from selfishness into
benevolence and to make its actions
correspond with that grand purpose
is the object of divinity in all its
dealings with humanity, Hence provi-'
dences which might seem otherwise
mysterious are easily understood
from this point of view; The skill
ful husbandman's knife, which cuts
off the dead branch, prunes the living
one, that it may "bring forth more
fruit." • The sculptor's chisel and
hammer deal blow on blow to the
block of marble, adding beauty with
each stroke.; Benevolence usually
grows better in the torrid temperature
of affliction, 'bereavement, suffering
and sacrifice than in the polar regions
of ease, indulgence . and what the
world too often wrongly calls . suc
cess. Benevolence inspires the
lose his mind with his flesh? Ill guarantee
with th' aid iv an alarm clock to make anny
man a livin' skiliton in thirty days.. A
lady with a young baby won't nivir get no
chubbier nor th' gintleman, its father. Th'
on'y ginooine anti-fat threatment is sick
ness, worry, throuble an' insomhya. Th*
scales ain't anny judge iv beauty or health.
To be beautiful is to be nachral. Ye have
gr-reat nachral ikinny beauty while my
good looks ii more buxom. Whin I see an'
ol" fool in a sweater an' two coats sprintin*
up th' sthreet an' groanin' at ivry step, I
want to jine with th' little boys that ar-re
throwin' bricks at him. If he takes off th'
flesh that Nature has wasted on his on grate
ful frame, his skin won't fit him. They'se
nawthin' more heejous to look at thin a
fat man that has rayjooced his weight. He
looks as though he had bought his- coverin'
at an auction. It bags undher th>' eyes an'
don't fit in th' neck.
"A man is foolish that thries to be too
kind to his stomach, annyhow. Fletcher's
idee is that th' human stomach is a kind iv
little Lord Fauntleroy. If ye give it much
to do it will pine away. But Dock Casey
tell3 me 'tis a gr-reat, husky, good-natured
pugilist that'll take on most annything that
comes along. It will go to wurruk with
grim resolution on a piece iv hard coal. It
will get th' worst iv it, but what I mane ia
that it fears no foe an' doesn't dhraw th'
color line. I wud put it in th' heavy middle
weight class an' it ought to be kept there.
It requires plenty iv exercise to be at its
best, an' if it doesn't get enough, it lose.*
its power, ontil a chocolate eclair might win
against it. It mustn't be allowed to shirk
its jooties. It shud be kept in thrainin', an',
says Dock Casey, if its owner is a good
matchmaker an' doesn't back it again op
ponents that ar-re out iv its class, or too
manny at wan time, it will still be doin* well
whin th' brain is on'y fit f'r light exercise."
"D'ye expict to go on accumylatin' to th'
end iv ye'er days?" asked Mr. Hennessy.
"I do that," said Mr* Dooley. "I expict
to make me frinds wurruk f'r me to th' last.
They'll be no gayety among th' pall bear
ers at me obsequies. They'll have no siny
cure. Befure* they get through with me
they'll know they've been to a fun'ral."
noblest actions of which the human
heart and mind are capable. It throws
the warm glow of love around pov
erty; it envelops in a halo of glory
sacrifice; it wraps its long arms
around the world and says to each
son and daughter of man, "You are
my brother."
Under the influence of Benevolence
how different becomes the character
of the same persons already de
scribed.
The benevolent ruler becomes a
father of his people.
The statesman broadminded.
The religious teacher tenderly so
licitous of the welfare of his flock.
The wealthy man liberal — nay, lav
ish — his expenditure can never keep
pace with his heart, nor' his purse
strings - compass the length, and
breadth of his benevolence.
The beautiful woman consecrates
her talent, her voice, her charm, her
influence, to the service of humanity.
The genius realizes that his brains
are the property of his fellowmen, de
posited with him by his Creator as a
sacred trust.
The successful man bends all his
energies toward making othes suc
ceed, and refuses to trample upon
their welfare in order to achieve a
momentary personal triumph'.' .
The ordinary man of. the street, the
man without extraordinary parts or
prospects, envelops the oaths of
common, everyday life with a halo of
duty well performed, of love en
throned in its most sacred shrine—
the human heart! And never, per
haps, is benevolence more truly beau
tiful than when it is encased like a
priceless gem in the simple setting of
a lowly life, with nothing to offset
its own intrinsic virtue, value and
beauty in its surroundings. The elec
tric light of benevolence shines moat
brightly in life's darkest highways and
byways, where all the forces of a con
centrated, soul — its utmost Might —
are directed by Right, acknowledging
the Brotherhood of Man, accepting
the Fatherhood of God and seeking
the highest welfare of the univers*.
2324
STORM BATTERED AID IN DISTRESS, COQUELLE RETURNS
Gales Keep Little Vessel! From Reachflimg Bamdoan
The schooner Coquelle. Captain
Springer, which left here October 22 for
BacdoaJ returned from tea yesterday in
distress. *oljfi had been unable to reach
ibnl Oregon |wrt and in the effort to
uvvicoir.e the opposition of repeated
lilies sustained considerable damage.
But for the fact, however, that food
and provisions guve out, Captain
Bpringer would not have abandoned the
attempt to reach his port of destina
tion.
The Coquelle left here October 22 and
November 1 was off liandon. South
easter- arm sc-uthwesters in bewilder
ing BUcccEtion drove her to sea and
kept driving her until a.n observation
showed that she was in latitude 46.25
north. She was spoken December 1 off
Sluslaw by tho steamer Whittier and
StrppUed with provisions.
More gales followed, but between
them ehe managed to get another look
at Dandun, only to be wnisked off to
sea as-in." When the food supplied by
the Whittier gave out and the water
supply Mil low. Captain Springer de
cided thai home was the fcest piace lor
the Co.iuelle. She appeared off the
port early yesterday morning and late
in the afternoon the tug Alert brought
her into the harbor.
Her rigging on the port side and her
sprlsfi stay were curried away and her
bowsprit started. A number of sails
were torn to ribbons.
The Coquelle has been a source of
great anxiety since she left here Octo
ber 22 and her owners were badly wor
ried about her when the steamer Whit
tier arrived here and reported having
spoken the schooner at sea and sup
plied her with provisions. The Whit
tler reported the schooner somewhat
the worse for wear, l'art of her rig
ging had been carried away and she
had suffered generally in the gales
which had Interfered with her progress
toward the Oregon pcrrt.
The next heard of the Coquelle she
was off Uandon with her ilag at half
mast. JSelore she could make port she
disappeared in the smother of another
gale and when- the weather cleared was
nut in sight.
The conditions under which she van
ished gave added cause for anxiety and
hope for the little windjammer was dy
ing when John Hyslop, tTie far-sighted
observer for the Merchants' Exchange,
reported her off this port yesterday,
headed for home.
i •
M. F. Plant Ends Lonjr Voyage.
The little steamer M. F. Plant. Cap
tain Nc-lson, arrived here yesterday,
" f-ixty-three days from Philadelphia. She
eras boagbt recently in the East by the
Oregon Coal and Navigation Company
and will be engaged in carrying coal
froxa Coos Bay to this port. The Plant
came by way of the Straits of Magel
lan, where she anchored from Novem
ber 12 until November 13. She en
countered some heavy weather, but
managed to keep go:nr all the time and
made a fair passage tor a vessel erf her
class.
r J he crew of the steamer brought to
port a long list of grievances and sev
eral samples of the drinking water
which vas served to them at sea. The
sample exhibited by 'one old salt con
tained about 40 per cent of solid matter
and slime. Samples and grievances
v,jll be unfolded to-morrow before the
United States Shipping Commissioner.
Tli? men complain of the poor living
accommodation furnished them. The
deck above the forecastle, they say,
leaks and when the steamer's nose
rooted into a head sea the watch below
received a liberal shower bath. '"The
Plant's forecastle in a head sea is like
a basket under a hose" was the graphic
description furnished by one of the
prievanee-ladened mariners.
The Plant, which is a vessel of 941 net
tens." was launched twenty-five years
■"■go as the Cocoa. The baptismal name
was soon pointed out. however, and the
steamer was known among ships as the
Argonauta. Her name was changed
ajrain to Cuba and once more to the
prosaic cognomen under which Ehe is
■ now registered.
*
XEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Tl:e schooner Crescent <on Pueet &>und)
rvaji cl^rterei orlor to arrival for lumber,
thence to Taku at ais.
ro Ix>ad Oil for China.
Tho Eriti«h fteamfrr Dakotah. which made
in rt on Friday, will load rrflned cil for China,
fc-xports for Hawaii
Tfce bark oerarJ C. Tol>ey uas cleared yes
terJay lor Honolulu -with a.-i nnsorted mer
cliandh-e car^o, valued at $30,a^i, and Includ
ing the following: 22S bbls flour. 293 ctls
vh.at. 47w ctle Parley. 42 ctls oats. 951 ctl»
corn. 2*0* haies hay, 5CC.053 lbs bran. 52 176
lbs midtllincB. 13.VM lbs meal. 13.500 lbs ealt
3809 It>3 ceffee, S82S sals wine. 522 cs canned
roods. -J5 bbl? vinegar, S ptes provisions, 415.
"•0 lbs cement. U8.000 bricks. 14.C0O lbs rosin.
!bs eoda ash. 63 bbis lubricatin* olU
.. bales leather. 81 bxs slaf. 2 pkgs machinery
75 bnntA | <SG rkss sewer pipe. 22 ca gaso^
line. 1<1 bdls Fash nelehts.
•
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Saturday, December 10
Star Chehalls. Johcson, 32 hours from San
x^ecro.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs. 4% days from Ta
docl llnr BrO3ltl> ' T1 - c&rleoa - W hours from Mea
c^M r it^"* WSbOr# L **' 62 b0Ur ' tTOm Crt *-
etmr Columbia. Doran, C0?i hours from
Portland, via AEtoria 4C% hours
r>£\ ln r, i 'b. F - Plant - Nelson. C3 day* from
Philadelphia, via. Norfolk 60 days
Eu^ka. MarT E- KU "' EverTOn - d»ys from
CLEARED
Saturday. December 10
Grr «rar Saxonia, Hoppe. Hamburr via
Seattle; J. D. EpreckeU & Bros Co
fctmr Alaaieda. Uowdell, Honolulu: J n
Epreckels & lircs. Co. *
*£%£?*% Ps tb <& Jep80a - Vlctert * ««
°- Tobty - ""*- Honolulu;
Hi fc r£ r Ro£h°& Co" 11 - EJorn " tro ' a . Guayaunii;
SAILED
Saturday, December 10
Br itrar Wellinslon. Cutter. Ledysmith.
Ftmr City of Sydney. McLean. Panama?* etc
fctmr George Loomls. Monroe. Redondo? •
ADVEKTISKMEXTS.
•I ba-e bet-n usinr Ovc*r<»t* for Inromr'a. Ttita
whica I bare been affiirted for over twenty rear*
an<l I ecn say that <;&srarrt* hare given rue niori
relief than any other remedy \ hare ever tried. I
«hall certainly recominend them to my friends ca
being all they are represented."
Tnos. Glllard. Elgin, DL
/^^S% Best Fcr
S J*w The Bowels
CANDY CATHARTIC Jj^
Pleasant. Palatable. Pntent. Taste Good. Do Good.
K«vcr Sicken, Weaken *>r Grlp«. 10c. 2ir. £8c. Nev*r
»<.ii in hclk. The f'linine tablat stamped CCC.
Ou^raoteoii to cute or your money back. ■ -
Sterling Remedy Co.," Chicago cr N.Y. 597
AMMUAL SALE, TEH MILLION BOXES.
LITTLF STEAMER M. F. PLANT WHICH ARRIVED YESTERt>AT FKOM PHIL
ADELPHIA. SHE WILL BE USED ON THIS COAST TO CARRY COAL FROM
COOS BAY TO THIS PORT.
Etmr Alameda, Dowdeil, Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 0— Stmr Coquille
River, hence Dec 7, and not sailed as re
rorted. »
Saile-i Dec 10 — Stmr National City, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Dec 10 — Stmr North Fork, hence
D*c 8: stmr Corona, hence Dec 9.
PORT HA DLOCK— Sailed Dec 10— Ger stmr
Mene?. for Pan Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr G«orge W.
Elder, hence Dec- 8.
TATOOSH— Passed Dec 10— G«r stmr Menes,
from Port Hadlock. for San Francisco; schr
Bainbridge, from Port Blakeley, fcr Suva.
PORT HARFORD- Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Coos
Bay, fnr San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived Dec 10— Schr
Crescent, from Kedendo.
REDONDO — Arrived Dec 10— Schr A. B.
Johnson, from Port Townsend.
SAN DIEGO — To sail Dec 10, 3 p m— Stmr
Nefcraskan. for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 10— Br ship
Bracadale. hence Nov in.
.Sailed Dec 10— Ship Jchn Currier, for Syd
ney (to KtcD at Port Townsend for crew).
UMPQUA RIVER— Sailed Dec tt — Stmr San
Gabriel, for San Pedro, via Eureka.
BANDON — Arrived Dec 10 — Stmr Chico,
her.c.e Dec 8.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 9— Bark R. P.
P.ithet. hence Nov 13, and not- sailed as re
ported.
MANILA— Sailed Nov 25— Ger etmr Arme
nia, for China.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE — Cleared Dec 0 — Ship Aryan.
for S-r.n Francisco.
BOSTON— Arrived Dec 9 — SMp W- F. Bab
cock. from Port Blakeley.
NEW YORK — Arrived Dec 10 — Er stmr Coyo,
from Ya.ipwa.iso.
FOREIGN PORTS. .
MALTA — Passed Dec £ — Br stmr Indrapura,
from New York, for Manila.
WALMER— Pasetd Dec 8 — Br ship Clan
Galbraith. from Hamburg for .
MORORAN — Passed Nov 19 — Nor stmr Tel
lus. from Port Gamble, for Shanghai.
SINGAPORE^ — Arrived Dec 9 — Br stmr Mas-
Eapequa, from New York.
Arrived Dec 9— Br stmr Indrasamha, from
Aden.
Sailed Nov 22— Br stmr Machaon. for London
PANAMA— Sailed Nov 19— Nor ehip Albania!
for Port Townsend.
PORT NATAL— Sailed Nov 8— Br stmr
Orlana. for Port Pirie.
CALETA BUENA— Sailed Not 27— Nor bark
Australia, for .
COLOMBO— Sailed Dec 9 — Br stmr Peleus,
for Seattle.
HONGKONG — Arrived Nov 28 — Br stmr In
dravelli, from New York. '
Arrived prior Dec 10 — Br stmr Telemachus,
frora Victoria.
PORT SAID — Arrived Dec 10 — Ger stmr Se
verus, from Cardiff.
NEWCASTLE, Aus. — Arrived Dec 9 — Bark
St. James, from Delaeoa Bay.
Sailed Dec 10 — Bark Adderley, for San Fran
cisco.
OCEAN STEAMER.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived D«c 10— Stmr Phila
delphia, from New York.
— I •
Memoranda.
Per wtmr M. F. Plant, from Philadelphia
Deo 10 — Sailed from Philadelphia Oct 7, ar
rived at Norfolk Oct 9, and sailed; Oct 10; an
chored la th« Straits of Magellan Nov 12 and
sailed Nov 13.
Picked up at sea, by O. Marino. Italian crab
fisherman, outside the heads, 12-foot yawl;
oars marked S. F. Yacht Club. Tho yawl was
towed to Fisherman's wharf; back of the yawl
la marked Sasho.
EOSTON, Dec. 9.— Ship William F. Babcock,
from Port Blakeley, was liberated at Bermuda
for $33,000 by owners of tugs for towing her
into port. The vessel was released on agree
ment to submit the matter to underwriter*.
F. Collins, boatswain, _was lost overboard off
Ca»e Horn.
SAND POINT, Nov. 5.— The- winter here
started early this season and is very severe.
No codfish at the fishing etatlon as yet.
Weather too bad to- attempt fishing.
•
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Offlce. U. S. N Mer
fhant* 1 Exchange, San Francisco Cal .
December 10.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building wa» dropped exactly at noon to-day
L *,, at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant U. S. N.. In charge.
Snn, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. PublUhed by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front <MI*sion-*treet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the tame at both places.
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 11.
Sun rises 7-ih
Sun ects "•••• t :Ji
Moon sets. 9:26 "p. m.
» l TIme l Time l Time! . Tlmel
S Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. \ Ft.
•* H W 1L W H W L. w|
11 3:1$ 4.S 8:00 3.1 1:56 4.6 8-42 02
12 4:<W 4.0 9:10 3.1 2:46 4.2 9 : 24 0 6
13 4:50 5.0 10:25 3.0 3:47 3.7 10 : 07 11
14 6:30 5.0 11:37 2.8 5:00 3.3 10:66 ia
15 6:12 5.212:35 2.4 6:12 3.2 11:50 l.a \
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day. in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except wten there are Dut three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights ; slven are In
addition to the tsvundings of the. United States.
Coast Survey Chart*, except when a minus (— I
THE , SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11. 190*;
elpn precedes the height, jnd then the number
plven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of ths lower low waters.
Moven-cnts of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
I ' Steamer! ! From. I Due.
j- [.
■ Iaqua San Pedro iDec. 11
! Kainier Seattle & EelUngham..JDec. 11
M. Dollar San Pedro Dec. 11
' Tltania Oyster Harbor Dec. 11
! Homer Graya Harbor Dec. 11
j Vanguard San Pedro Dec. 11
;Czarlna Coos Bay Dec. 11
Alaskan New York via S. Diego. Dec. IV
i Newhurg Grays Harbor Dec. 11
j G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Dec. 11
Arctic Hurnboldt Dec. 11
Menes Seattle Dec. 12
I Del Norte Crofcent City Dec. 12
1 Wyefteld Oyster Harbor Deo. 12
, Chas. Nelson. San Pedro Dec. 12
I State of Cal. .. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 12
I G. Dollar Grays Harbor Dec. 12
I Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Dec. 12
IJmatilla Puget Sound Ports Dec 12
I Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma ....Dec. 12
I Eureka Humboldt Dec. 12
I Norwood San Prdro Dec. 12
j Nebraskan . . . New York via S. Diego Dec. 13
Minnesota Norfolk via Coronel Dec. 13
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Dec. 13
North Fork... Humboldt Dee. 13
Corona Humboldt Dec. 13
Northland Portland & Astoria Dec. 14
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports Dec. 14
F. A. Kilburn. Portland & Coos Bay. Dec. 14
j Breakwater. .. Coos Bay Dec. 10
Arcata Coos Bay Dec. 15
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 15
Point Arena.. Mendccino & Pt. Arena Dec. 15
Argo Eel River Ports^ (Dec. 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria !Dec. 15
S.Barbara Grays Harbor IDec. 15
Pomona Humboldt 'Dec. 16
Oltv Peking.. New York via Ancon-.lDec. 16
S.Monica Grays Harbor IDec. 17
Mongolia China & Japan Dec. 17
M. S. Dollar.. China & Japan Dec. 17
Queen P'Jget Sound Ports Dee. 17
Coos Ray San Pedro & Way Pts. IDec. 18
Ontralla Grays Harbor [Dec. 19
Neko I Hamburg & Way Pts. IDec. 19
I Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 20
I Ban Jose New York via Ancon..Dec 21
Aurelia Portland & Astoria.... Dec. 21
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... |Deo. 22
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
December 11. I
Elizabeth... Coquille River 12 mlPIer 20
Chchalls.... Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pier H
Aurella Aftorla & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Vanguard... Humboldt 3 pm'PIer 27 ,
Nationl Cy. Los Angeles Ports. 12 miPler 2 :
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11 i
December 13. !
M. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
C. Nelson... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 20
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Norwood.. •• Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm Pier 2
December 13. j !
San Pedro.. Humboldt ......... 2 pm Pier ,■ - :
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8 ;
Coos Bay..- Ean Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia... Astoria Si Portland 11 am Pier 24 i
Gaelic China & Japan... |1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul.. 3 pm Pier 23 !
Homer Grays Harbor. ....'. 5 pm Pier 2!
December 14. |
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm I Pier 27 I
Eureka Humboldt 9 am|Pler 13
Arctic Humboldt | 0 am|Pier 2
December 13. |>.
Rainier Seattle & BUnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Slate of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier ll
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion B pm Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier lu
Ncwburg — Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pmJPier 10
December 16. j I
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
December 17. |
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Point Arena Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Pprts... 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay direct.... 10 am|Pier 18
Bor.ita .. Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Menes Hamburg ■& Way.. 12 m Pier la
SanMateo.. Cent. Amer. Ports Pier —
N. Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Siberia China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Newport.... N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
F. KUburn.. Portland & Way.. ...... Pier —
December 18. |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland|ll am|Pler 24
Decexuber 21. I |
Quean...... Puget y Sound Ports.Ul amlPier 9
. December 22. I |
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts.j 2 pmjPier 7
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Humboldt .... Ekagway & Way Ports. Deo. 13
Farallon ..... Ekagway & Way Ports. Dec. 14
Alkl..... Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 15
Santa Cars . . . Seldovla & Way Ports. Dec. 1 16
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. | Dec. 17
Veteran Signal Corps.
The Veteran Signal Corps held "its
annual banquet at the California Hotel
last night. Over ; thirty-flve members
of the organization were present. The
affair was in charge, of the following:
JJ. P. Gould. R. C. Rolph, A. vN.
Ti:cker, J. C. Meussdorff er and R. C
Ward. /.-■■ ' .' :-/'■:': '.■'■;. ■ ' ;.;-: ■ ;
A woman is never too old to flirt, and
a man iai nrver too old to learn. ■';>
'ADVEKTISE3LEXJS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
• STATEMENT
— -OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS .
OP THE
CALEDONIAN INSURANCE
. COMPANY
' fl F EDINBURGH, in the Kingdom of Great
Vr Britain, on the 31st day of December, A.
D.. 1003, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections (510 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $433,187 16
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 067.800 00
Cash in Company's Office .'. 458 10
! Cash in Banks lStJ.038 72
! Interest- due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 12.443 55
i Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection . 128,625 80
I Bills receivable, not Matured,
I taken for Fire and Marine Risks 367 93
1 Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid C23 04
Due from other Companies ... 8,008 Bl
Total Assets .$1,784.353 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $51,64148
i Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 67.198 62
' Losses resisted. Including expenses 6,421 56
; Groes premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnz one year or less. $770.-
801 31; reinsurance SO per cent.. 885.400 65
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $374,-
901 22; reinsurance pro rata.... 462.446 19
All other Liabilities 29,613 58
Total Liabilities $092.722 08
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,065,371 14
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 86.727 00
Received for Rents 22.666 25
Total Income $1,124,764 39
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount nald for Fire Losses
(Including $101,464 00. losses of
previous years) $550,459 96
Paid or allowed for Commission or \
Brokerage, 246.389 35
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 82,312 05
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 25,300 66
All other payments and expendi-
tures 58.8M 10
Total Expenditures $961,313 12
Fire.
Losses Incurred durlnir the year.. $560,808 07
Risks and Premiums. |FIre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $132,095.826|$1.476,897 37
Net amount of Risks I
expired during the I
year 130.083,726! 1.443,682 67
Net amount In force 1
December 31. 1P03.. 1S7.0OB.7201 1.A4K.792 53
CHAS. H. POST. U. S. Manager.
3*. A. McNEIL. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
26th day of January, 1904.
H. E. FRANCK..
Notary Public*.
TKOS. J. CONROY. M?nag*r.
GEO. W. BROOK*, /sst. Manager.
PACIFIC . COAST DEPARTMENT.
323 California Street
Ean Prancisco.
Balfour, Guthrie & Co., Pacific Coast Directors
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ROCHESTER GERMAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
•
OF ROCHESTER, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1903. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and till of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner: t
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $267,S10 91
Loans on Bunds and Mortgages.... , 353,317 10
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds Owned by Company.. 643.525 00
Cash In Company's Offlce 1.C16 00
Cash in Banks 201.296 08
1 Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7,187 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8.289 63
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 122,61589
Total Assets. .$1.605.6S8 71
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,513 20
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 60,833 21
Losses resisted. Including expenses 12,436 48
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $733,-
898 18; reinsurance 50 per cent., 366,949 09
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $693,-
842 28; reinsurance pro rata.... 388,812 52
Commissions and Brokerage due .
and to become due. • 643 54
Total Liabilities. $833,091 04
INCOME. ~~>
Nit cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,029,876 27
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 17.36167
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 2fl,072 00
Received for Rents..... 13.68184 !
Total Income $1,086,991 78
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- : >c^
eluding $71,297 27. losses of pre-
vious years) $425,905 07
Dividends,, to Stockholders. 30,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 301.169 01
Paid for Salaries, Feea and other
charges for officers clerks, etc. 80,513 98
Paid for State, National and Local, '
taxes 28,45014
AH other payments and expend!- : :
turcs - 86.687 14
Total Expenditures ........ .. $002.715 34 '
" Fire.
LOSSES Incurred during the year. ..$422.536 38
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
•written during the
year $110,629,240 $1,477,400 28
Net amount of Risks '
expired during the
year .............. 95,363,905 1.238,186 89
Net' amount In force
December 31, 1903. . 117,606,428 1,427,740 46
.FREDERICK COOK. President.
■ H. F.ATWOOD, Secretary. - •
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January, 1004.
EDWARD H. GEHRKE. Notary Public.
THOS. J. GONROY, Manager.
GE3. W. BROOKS, /sst, Manager.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
323 California Street
San ; Pranciioo.
Balfour, Guthrie & Co., Pacific Coast Directors
fp visit DR. JORDAN'S qriat^
pUSEUH OF ANATOMY!
V G& 1051 HiSUTfil. lit i!fc-7ft,S.r.Cal. A
\ - ■ *"3r Th* Lunit Aattomieal Moieum In the 1 !
f) — T^cT-u- World. Vr e«kne»»e* or , any eomiictcd Q ,
- SPaSwl dli«»\c p«»lU»»«r*«r«Nl by tbt oldest ' ;
O |k«I Spedtllstoa theCout EiL 36 jretn. f)
A /TO* ft 0»- J0«PAH-DI3EASE8 OF HEN A
\ B Wvtltfl Coniullitfcm freo and ftrlctly prlrate. A
0 II JurS B Troormeiil penonallir or 07 letter. A if
\ H V Tl N *'**<«m Omrt In mrj eutmitrttkea. .' \
AT S •'■ II ft '•"-Write for Book.rBULO«OP«T«f A
"4 ' II • ■ARRUSB, MAILED MtE*. (XV
AV;(| - ;£|,; valuable book for mm) ,,; , * ,»,.',- ■-' \ <
V Iin. JORDA.v *«:©.. 1051 Market St. S.T Y
&T/\TIBMEINT
OF THE •
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
UNITED STATES BRANCH
HELVETIA 0 SWISS FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 100". and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
I Insurance Commissions of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
C10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
.ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .$589,007 50
Cash in Company's office.... 734 01
Cash in Bank: : 272 91
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 0,500 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 5,613 33
Total Assets .S<ffli.i.t3 23
LIABILITIES. [•/
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 18 60
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 4,402 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year and less, $17,798 72;
reinsurance CO per cent 8,989 30
Grcss premiums on 'Fire Risks run-
1 nlng more than one year, $16,-
C40 Oft; reinsurance pro rata 4,460 80
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 1,483 80
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
Premiums C94 20
Total Liabilities ...$20.049 16
INCOME.
k Net cash actually received for Fire
Premiuma • $11,751 58
Received for lntereat and dividends
■ on Bends. Stocks, Loans and from .
all other sources 20,217 88
Profit on sale of Ledger Assets 606 25
Received from Home Offlce 22,600 00
Total Income ...$55.O7S 71
EXPENDITURES. ■-
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $4,63S 31. losses of prev-
ious years) « $31,690 38
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 3,445 74
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... P.230 00
Paid for Stat*-. National and Local
Taxes 702 86
All other payments and expenditures 36,857 11
Total Expenditures ; .$75.040 09 j
Fire. I
Losses incurred during the year.... $28,052 40
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the|
year I $1,130,327 00 $24,135 16
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year B.932,896 00 82,454 26
Net amount !n force
December 31. 1003. 2.252.80S 00 34.447 78
" SAMUEL R. WEED.
Of and for Weed A Kennedy. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 20th !
day of January. 1904.
C. F. FISHBECK. Notary Public.
SYZ & C0.,~Gen8ral Agents,
308 California Street
San Frajici.sco, Co '.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
(LIMITED)
OF LIVERPOOL. IN ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. "1903, and
for the year ending en that day, as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions C10 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Commis-
sioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash • $500.000 00
ASSETS. ~
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. ..$1,392,205 00
Cash in Banks 231,748 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,6,602 00
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 201,112 00
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire ajid Marine
Risks 2.507 00
Total assets $1,864,264 00
LIABILITIES, y
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense $132,400 00
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses ,
Groes premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks; rein-
surance 1C0 per cent 139.740 00
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risk?; reinsurance 50 per cent.
Due and accrued for salaries,
rents, advertising and for other
miscellaneous expenses 128.473 00
Total liabilities $400,613 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Marine' premiums $549,776 00
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources 47,963 00
Total Income $507,730 00
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Marine
Losses /.. $477,377 00
Dividends to Stockholders 87,500 00
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 44,197 11
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 5,426 89
Total expenditures $614,601 00
Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year... $470,502 00
Risks and Premiums. |Marlne Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year : . . . . $67,834,925 $557,002 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year C5.057.265 550.382 00
Net amount in forcel
December 31. 1003.. | 11.246.200 139.740 00
JOHN WILLIAMSON, President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and •worn before me, this 23d
day ot February. 1904.
W. J. SULIS.
Deputy Consul of XJ. S. at Liverpool.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
J.D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Gsn Agts.
J.B.F. DAVIS & SON, Managers.
215 Sansome St., San Francisco
Telephone Private Exch. No. 68.
Seattle (Wash.) Offlce. Coleman. Building.
RAILWAY TRAVEIi.
To SAN RAFAEL
I^^^M ROSS VALLEY,
fs||p§p MILL VALLEY,
I^^^wP CAZADERO, Etc*
l^mP£39i-wBB9&g§! via Sanscllto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
. Depart - from San Francisco, "dally, at t7*03
7:45. 8:25, 0:10. »:50, 11:00 a. m.; _2:2O, 1-43*
3:15, 4:35. 6:15, 6:50. 6:80. 7:15. 10:15 and
11:35 p. m.- ■ .-
• Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at - 16:40.
7:35, 8:15. 8:50, 9:35. 10:60 a. m.: 12:10. 1:30
2:56. 4:25, 6:05. 6:42, 6:22, 6:^7. 7:40 and
11 :25 p. ; m.Wf^m»iaiiAu_
■ tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:45 a. ra.: also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m., and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:18 p. m.
i THROUGH TRAINS. :
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way statlona
.. 8:15 ' p. m., Saturdays only — For C— cadero.
•tc ■ :■■ , . ■ ' -. -■-■ . ■ , ' ..: >.: . ., :'" •; ,v-"-;'.r
5 : 15 p. tn. daily, except Saturday ' aad Bun*
day, " for Tomales,: etc.
TICKET OFFICE— «0 Market rt.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market it. i
ADVERTISEMENTS. I
STATEMENT
OF THE
.CONDITION AND AFFAIRS j
-OF THE
RH9NE& MOSELLE FIRE| :
INSURANCE COMPANY I
OF STRASBURO. GERMANY, ON THE !
Mst day of December, A. D. 1903. and for j •
the year ending on that day, ns made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call- I
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sjctionj !
610 and (111 of tha Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $600.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estat~ owned by Company.. J30O.0CO 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages. .. 232.S0O 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. "41,000 25
Cash in Company's Office 4.745 47
Cash in Banks 165.501 38
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 13,060 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,836 66
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 41.082 46
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 80,349 13
Dua from other Debtors 3,302 52
Total Assets .11.503.671 20
LIABILITIES. =S
Losses adjusted aad unpaid (21. SCO OS
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In ' Suspense 22,290 42
Losses resisted. Including; expenses. 5 130 00
Gross premiums on Firs Risks run-
ning; one year or less. ?42't,-
472 26; reinsurance 60 per cent.. 211 736 13
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; more than one year, $60,-
186 14; reinsurance pro rata 80 454 19
Dividend to stockholders remain-
ln_ unpaid j 758 » 0
Due and accrued for salaries,
rents, etc 4 9 340 81
All other demands against th«
company 74,822 16
Total Liabilities <377.543 22
INCOME. =========
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $144,726 13
Received for interest on Bonds and 1
Mortgages 9,401 33 4
Receiyed for Interest and dividends •
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 32 209 11
Received for Rents 14.561 IS'
Received from all other sources... 2.701 24 i
Total Income S.VW.fisn ot I
EXPENDITURES. ~ |
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including 522.429 47. losses of j
, previous years) $197,828 41 i
Dividends to Stockholders 80,000 00,
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 80.793 02 '
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other ,
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 43,978 66 f
Paid for State. National and Local
taxea 17.654 31 i
All other payments and expendl- I
tures 27.574 28 1
Total Expenditures J437.S28 96
Fire. I
Lossea Incurred during the year. . .$197,402 67 '
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durlns the
year $460,363,429 $608,605 4 «
Net amount of.RIsks
expired during the
year 438.969.025 538,834 39
Net amount in force
December 31. 1900. 447.356^6 4S3.S53 40
J. SCHALLER, Presldent.
A. POIZAT, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
2d day of April. 1904.
JOSEPH I. BRITTAIN. U. S. Consul.
1 \ ______
SYZ & CO., General Agents,
308 California Street,
San Francisco, Cai.
*jg$2^kiA MEHJLHDWOMEFI.
H^KS^rccnES^Eg Cm Bis O for unnatural
ja^Jf In 1 to i *btk"»3 dl<ch»rgBS,iDCamaaatlons,
£#&f Qstruiteed M irritations or ulceratloai
Kp*B not to »tri»«r«. of mucous njembr-nao.
H_-_j J*r«T»«u CobUcWb. p&in'iei*, and not a«trla-
KaftTHEETAHSCrlEMIMlCO. gent or poisonous.
V_ra CI!-lB)lATI,a.BgjIg_ «cia by DraxmiaU,
C S. A* j£\ £?a ot sent in plain —rappor. ',
*W*wV^_ J _^S'Sa br express, prepaid, f»t :
VaMahiHeuP-i tioo. oratwtuesn.rs.
•m ■ Circular isct 0- toauejl
OCEAX TRAVEL.
Steamers leave Broadway
y^WJS-tCU'v wharves (plera 9 and 11>.
Asir San Franctoco:
iaVW9^l \^\ For Ketchikan, Wransel,
IT xScvK^l I I Juneau, Treadwell, Halnes,
I I \\£^6k/ J SkaKuay, etc. Alaska— 11
\A FTtf/ «• =»•• D «- >• «• 1! - 16 - 21 '
>K_sJt Ss*f 2tf, 31. Jan. 5. Change to
\Cahr; rf\? _S this company's steamers at
>gglS~t>^ Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver, Port Townsend.
Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. South Belllcgham. j
Beliingham— 11 a. ra. Dec- 1. «, 11. 16. 21. 28.
: 31 Jan. 5. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
' Eeattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver _
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30 t
p. m., Dec 12, 18, 24, 30. Jan. 5. Corona, \
■ 1:30 p. m., Dec. 3, 9. 15, 21. 27, Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — San- «j
ta Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. si. '
For Los Aneeles (via San Pedro and Kast
Ean Pedro). Saata Barbara, Santa Crui. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford ISaa *
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme. '
Bonlta. !i a. m., Dec. 1, 9, 17, 26,» Jan. 2.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., Dec. 5, 13, 21. 29, Jan. «.
I For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joss del 1
! Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Max.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo. i
For further Information obtain folder. Right t
Is reserved to charge steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom- •
try st. (Palace HoteD.lO Market st.,and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent. •
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter St.. wfll
call for and check baggage from hotel* and "
residences. Telephone Exchangs 312.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land ond 8ydney. .Thursday, Dec. 22, 2 p. m
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec. 31. 11 A.M
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Dec. 31, 11 A. Ml
J.D.SPBICIELS & BROS. Ca, i£BL,TIC_et(lCB6ttHr.
tit rreigHt ernes 327 Matat st, Pto 7, Pacts; ;c
C0H7A3NI2 QX5ERAL5 TBAN3i.TI.AM PX8JJ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, .^:
Sailing every Thursday instead ot -jf.f^v^
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier
42, North River, foot of Morton st. •
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. OEN.
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND "
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast -
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Por 17. S. Navy Tard and Vallejo.
. Btrs. General Frisble, Monticello and Arrow
0:43 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., « p.m.. 8:30 pi
m. Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 a.m..
12:30 p.m.. 0 p.m., S:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo. 7 -
a.m.. 9 a.m., 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m. San.
days. T a.m., 9 a.m., 3:20 p.m., 6 p.m. Pier 2, <
ft Mission «t.: phone Main 1508. HATCH BROS. I
I"or XJ. 8. Navy Tard and Vallejo. i
Stmr. H. J. CORCORAN leaves north end f
Ferry bldg., foot of Clay st.. 10 a. m., 5:30 1
P. m. ; Sundays, 10 a. m.. 8 p. tn. Leavs i
Vallejo, Aden's wharf, 7:15 a. m., 2:30 p. 1
m.; Sundays. 7:15 a. m.. 5 p. m. Fare 25o 1
•ach way. PIPER. ADEN. QOODALL CO. 1
RAILWAY IRA VEX- 1
|GMICAGO T iN 3 DAYSi 5
| LEAVES DAILY AT 9»O A.M. M ' 1
El WITH Ol NERS ANO OLEEPeRsBw | -
■ --.-.--. - ■ • ■ ,,- . ■ . I "
Other Santa _■• Train si
a : xo _! S.' I *** Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld.
Iloo pt nt J ' Merced. Hanford and Vlaalla, I
4:00 p.m. For Stockton. „
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyoa ■■"
and Chicago. ,
Ticket Offices— «4I Market st. and Ferry l>po', ' 1
Ban Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
_ laod. Cal.; also 27 Soutl* 1st. San Joie.
! _^_ RAILWAY TRAVEI>
i j^<?~*<"'_ v Tram !»•»• «irJ «r» «"■•
/^rrrV .^\ l« -rri -. at
j \ *A* yj* 1 — yf\J Ktos OcTOJits 'iX 130*.
i V^^^pV^ TXEST DKTOT
I \_£s' fToot Vf Market Street >
i i.xm — MAIN LINE. — «fbivT
i 7 00* tfaearUte. Ulster^ ttnuuMj / a0»
I 7.0PA R^nlria. Klmlrit ami 8nrr<»a3PlJM> . 7.2U^
1 7.30a t»i:?Jo. S:»r>H. cmtsro^i. Saata
■ Kksr. Starilnex, Saa Unn.n 8.20a
! 7 30a Ntl»s.Trnry. L»tl»rop. s-witrnn 720»
I* 8 00a Shn3M KxpnHB— (Via DavtaX
Wl!llnm». Willow*. iKruto. i:e«l
j ri'iiT. Portland. T*comv S^nitia 7.50a>
■ 8 COa f)»v».< vror-::niMt. Kals-ta Lumiim^
Mnry»vi;ir. Oro»!ll« 753S»
8-.30a M irrtiir/. AnSlocu. iijron. "Tracy.
Stockton. StirmftQ. Lv» I>adi>«.
Men.twt*. Armnna, llauford.
Vlmlli. rortfrvllle ,. *.20»
8 30* Port Conta. Modesto. Mnrced.
Fresno. Go»iicn Junction. Il.tn-
forti. Vlsa.'ia. HalCTSlleUl 4.50»
8.30a. Mien, Srt'i Jutf. Llvermore. Suxsk-
trm. ftMI!lon>. »<)ne. S.-icrxiir-ntOk
*Urj»Tt!i-. chico. U«-.l (Jiuit .... * 2a»
8-30a Oa&'i«l(>. Chi.ioop. Jtim*ai»-nn. So-
nom. T>i»luiiii«" aii:l Aaee'* 4.2n»
9 COa Atlantic Kxpref*— O«'lennnl Kiwt. B2J»
OJOa Richmond. Msvtlne* aoU Way _ ,_
3utlons 8-50-
10 OCa Tbf OTerlnnd Limited — ••grrten.
Ointljo. COIesgo. Dcny«r, Kansas
CI:y, St. Louis 8 20^
104>0AVall/;o...« 12.20»
IU-COa Lo« Anjr<>lft« Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. H toe iron. Merced.
Rnymond. Fresno. Ooanen Juno>
tlon, Hnnford, Lemoore, VUalla.
BakertSeld. J^oe Angeles VSM*
12.00m H«y-»rd, Nilesaod Way Station*. .-f-*«"
ti .00p e*cmmeBto River Steamers tll.OU*
l-SOP Benin*. Winters. Sseraqasnto.
U'uodlr.iid. Katghcs Laadlos.
MarytTllle. OroTllle and ■way
station* ~ 1Q-|2*
S.Tinp na;ward.Ktles and Way Station*.. 7-*0»
I.30P Port Co»ta, Martlaez, Byron-Tracy.
Latarop. Btocktom Modesto.
Merced, Bereada. 7re»o a_d ._-___
Way Stations beyoud Pom Costa 12-20»
4XOa>Uarttnex.Sannamcn.VaUejo.27apa>
Caltstosa, Santa lios— .5s2*
4.00p Klles. Tracy. Stoektoa 1 0 -20*
4J0PBayward. Nsiea. Irrtafto-, Saa I tS.SO*
Jose. LtTermore i til.ou*
BCOpTne Owl Llmliod— N'ewiaaa. Las
Banos, Mendota. Fresno. Tolar%
BakersfleULLosAngsles. ....... 8. SO*
VB 30p Harward, Nliei and San Jot« .—.. 7.204
8.00P Hayward. Nlles and Saa Jose. 8.50.
6-OCp Eastern Express — Omaha. Chicago,
Dfcnver. £aa«as City. St. Louis,
Martinez. Stoektoa. Sacramsnux
Col fax. P.eao. Sparks, MsateUa>
Dcdea "2.50*
B.OCp Vallejo, dally, except dunday..,. I 7 Kn «
700p Vallejo. Sunday only f *•***
7 COp Ulcbmond. Ban Pablo, Pors Costa,
Martinez and Way Stations 11.23— w
7. 00p Beno Pasaen ger— Fort Cost*. Be-
nlcta. Sutsan. Elmlra. Dtxoa,
Darts, Sacramento, Sparks. Toao-
pah. Eeeler and Way Stations... 730*
8 05p Oregon A California Expreta— 8ao>
ramento, MaryiTllle, Redding;
Portland, Pazet Sound and Bast. 8.60a
f .10p Bay ward. NSIes and San Jose (Sun- .
dayonly) 11-804
COAST LINE <S»rr«m Usage).
(/oot af Market Street.)
8.15a Newark. CenterTlUe. Saa Jose,
. Felton. Boalder Creek. Saata
Cms and Way Stations _ S-53»
12-IBp Kewark. CenterTille, Saa Joia,
New Almsden.Lo* Oato«.Feltoa, 4
BonldcT Creek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations ......... ttO-554
4-18P Newark. Saa Joie. Los Oatos... j *}§J!;J
•9.30P Hunters' Train (Saturday »nly>—
Ban Jofe and Way Stations ...... t7.23at
COAST LINE <Uroad Oange).
m UT" CiMri aad fuwnsend Streets.)
6.10a Saa Jose aud Way Stations. 8-30*
700a San Joie and Way Stations 6.40*
8 COa New Almaden (Toes.. Frld.. only). 4.10#
8410a The Coasttr — San Jose. Salinas,
San Ardo. Puo Robles, . 6anu
, HargarUa, San Lot* Obispo,
Onadalure, Oavlota. Santa Bar-
bara. San Buenaventura. Mon-
talvo. Oxnard. Unrbank. Loa
Ange'.ea 10.30*
8.00a Gllroy. Holllster. CastroTllle. Del
Moote, Pacific CroTe, Surf, Loa-
poc 10.30-
8.00a fj-» Jose. Tre* Plnos.WatsonvKle,
~MSf9ltoIa. Santa Crnz, PaclSa
Grove. Salinas. San Lais ObUpo
and Prluclpa; Way Stations. ... 4.10-
| 10 J0a San Jose and Way Stations......... 120a
11 30a San Jose aad Way Stations........ 7.30o
2-15p bsn Jose snd Way Stations 8-38*
* COP Del Monte Rxpress — Santa Clara.
6an Jos«, W a t s n n t 1 1 1 e, Santa
> Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
fsclflc GroTe 12.13*
1&00P Los Oatos. Wrigat. Bonlder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Oauija tiO 43*
8-30PValrncIaSt.. S.irjUSanFranclJCO,
Bnrlincsme, San Jose. Gllroy,
nollinter, Tre» PInos jg 434
43Cp Pan Jo^e and Way Stations t8 00*
to-OOP Santa Clara, fan Jose. Los Gatos.
ami principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Snndny) r900*
|5-30p San Joie and Principal Way Stations ia.4iLs
6 4Sp Sunset Express.— r.cdwood. San
Jose, G Uroy.Sallnas.Paso Kobles,
San i.Bts Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
' Lo* Angrles. Demtng. Kl Paso.
: Bt.Lon!», New Orleans. KewYorlt 8 13_
i 6.45P Fajaro. WatsonrUle. Cap I tola,
eanta Cruz. CastroriUe, Del
Monte. Psclflc GroTe 10-3OP
16-1Sp feanilatco,Ueresford,lte!inonc.Saa
Csr:os. Hedwood. Fair Oaks.
ilec.'o Park. PsJoA!to 1U.4S*
6.3t>P Ban Joie and Way Stations. mmm 6-33*
8-OOpPalo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11.2UP South bua Francisco. Mllibrae.Hnr
6sn Maieo. Beimunt,
San Carlos, Eedwood, Fair Oaxa,
llenlo Park, and Palo Alto t9.45»
•11I0P Jlayneld. Mountain View. Snnny-
rale, Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
Ban Jose t9.4*,»
A for Morning. P for AT tor noon. ~~~
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
«■ Batorday only. b Monday only.
{Steps at ail stations oa Sunday^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
Tib oxen Terry. Poot ol* Maxiat Straaiu
SAZT PRAlf CISCO TO SAW SA7AXX.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. ll:0O a. m.; 13:34-
3:30. 5:10, «:3O p. a. Tharsdaya — Xxtra tn»
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Estra trip at 1:80 and 11:30 n. tsw
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. n*.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 0:20. 11:30 p. ra.
SAIT BAFASL TO SAW FBA-TCXSOO.
TVEKK DAYS— «:0S. 7:33. 7:50. 9:20, U:U
a. m.: 12:30, 3:40, 0:00. 8:20 p. ra.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 aad 8:3S 9. at*
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:10, 11:13 a. m.; 1:40, 3:«t
4:05. 5:05. o:2S p. m.
Lrave I Ia ESect I ArrtT*
San Fran. I Oct. 3. 1804. [ Baa JTaa.
Week I Snn- I Deatlaa- I Sna- iwi*
Days. I days. | tloa. | daya. | Days.
1:30 a 8:00 a 0:10 aJ 3:40 a
0:30 a Ifnaeta 10:*0 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p «:0flp 9:30 a
8:10 p 5:00 p TU»p +■
7:30 a 9:10 a 3:40 a
8:00 a Norato. 10:«0 a 10:20 •
3:30 p 9:30 a Petalnata «:C3 » 8:2Oa
6:10 p C:30p and 7:34 p
6:00 p Santa Roea.
T-soa ~" U0:40a{10:20«
S:00a mitoa. 1:33 p ttiso »
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor. I
TOW a 8:00 a Bealdsbtnir. 10:«CalO:30»
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p GeyserTlUa. T:3»p 8:20 n.
(• Cloverdalo.
T-30a[ S:0Oal Hcpland 110: to a| 10:20 %
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. (T:33p|8:20p
j I Wllllts and I j
7:30 a| 3:00 af Sherwood. I 7:33 pf 8:20 9
7:30 al S:0Oa[ 110:40 ai 10 :20)a
3:30 p! 3:30 p| OnernevlUe. | 7:35 p| 8:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 a* 3:40*
6:10 pi B:0Op| Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 p| 6:29 p>
7:3Oa| 8:COa| 110:43 a!10:2O %
3:30p|3:30p| Sebaatopot |7:33p| 8:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for "Whltw Sulph j-
6prins» and Mark West Eprtnss: at L-7ttoa for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for SkajM
Springs; at Clcverdal* for the Geysers. Bcon«-
Tllle and Greenwood; at Hspland for Duncai
Eprinxs. HlKhlan.i Eprtngs. KslseyrUte. Carl*.
bad 8prtas»» Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga 8prlne»
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter SprlnS.'
UFper I^ke. Porno. Potter Val>y. John Day*!"
Riverside. LJerly's. BuekneU'a. San*j<?,'riii
Heights. HullvlUe. Orr-. Hot Spring* riuSw'.J
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino Cl'r
Fort Bragg. Westport and U»al: at WilUtj 'op
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood
for Cahto. Covclc. Laytonvllie. CuaimfaWi:
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fraltlaai
Djer. Garberville. Camp 5, Pvpperwood. Scotii
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r».
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all Doiata
beyond San Rafael at halt rates. *"*-«-
Ticket office. 650 Market street. ChroalcU
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIKR. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manas^r. Gen. Pas*. Acs.
Mt. Tam alpais Ra i lw a y
- Hi'Zoa, l:30p «10:50*
8:5Oa 9:5OA|WS«C*J2feW 3:5.1? 3-53 P
- 11:O ° A n»£SSaiy 4:2o? .„_
l:4op 1:45H e-'i**;. fi'.ilp
SaanUjs 4:35p Satnrt»Tsll:12p"
»Tu. Granty tor V HtTmalpsiatellinTaUsy
«S^35,- J«5OM*R«tT ST.,(N'orth Shore. Railroad*
UFICIS J and Sausalito Fkkhy. Foot Market S*.
WndttT: CU -SLQO 'MrlnrCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
-Vac York Slocks firm ami fractionally higher. Cotton loiccr.
Local bank clearings gain $3,696,000 over last year.
I rading very fair on the local Stock Exelwnges.
Coffee quiet. Grain Bags make another advance.
Winter Wheat condition nine points belozv th-e average.
IV heat ami Barley futures strong. Other grains unchanged.
Bran 50c higher. Hay easy and Beans dull.
Potatoes still in large supply. Onions firm. 111111
Poultry and Game in good supply and quiet.
Fruit market zt-cil stocked and featureless.
Butter cleaned up and still higher. Eggs steady.
Dried Fmits quiet, with Apricots firmer.
Soir.e changes in Raisins. Good shipping movement in Prunes.
Provisions still inactive r.cryzchere.
Hops quiet and easy. Wool and Hides firm and cleaned up.
Beef crnd Mutton firm. Ho°s showing weakness.
Bank Clearings.
LocaJ Back Clearings tar the week Just end
ed «how * gain of $3,036,234 over the cor-
TtMpoatizig week of last year, being $30,435,093.
tg&ifist $26,789,701 in 1903. The clearings
Curing tbe eaiae week In 1302 were $2S. 507,459.
Flour Exports in November.
■ The eacjOTts of flour from San Francisco by
ses. In November. 1904, were as follows:
To— Barrels. Values.
China. _....„. JO.'^r. . $S6,912
-«;ia .. M 4.SS4 18,281
Hawaiian IslinS* 4.173 19.74S
TfchlU 1,6«5 7.0O4
Central A.m erics. 14,193 06,660
Mexico ........... ........ 227 • 720
Par-ams. ....._. 1,500 6.2SI
Oolocbla. «..„ 348 1,608
Ecuador _„ 1.500 «,572
Ptvll!pp!n« IkIslsAs ....... 7S0 3.4i»
Korea ...«». 78 315
South Sea Islands ....... 30 141
British Columbia ........ 4 16
Total* 43.037 $207,729
la November. 1903 the exports were 61.191
btrrels, valued at 5251,630 and Included 34,829
barrels for Cfclna and 15.631 for Central Amer
ica,
The Cotton Market.
The New York wlr*s of E
Oo. yesterday sa'.d:
F. Rutton A
"On the week closing cables from Liver
pool cur market opened weak at seven to
twelve point* decline, with the trading quite
active. People who sold yesterday on the rise
bought their cotton back at the opening, and
•.:.. market rallied some few points. As w«
have said it locks &s though it would be a
, <-. . scalping market for the next two weeks.
We would advise taking quick profits on either
Fide.
Tbe local trade on the whole Is getting very
besriPh on the belief that the Wall street in
terests have covered up their short interest and
that the market is technically in a weak po
sition; but on even a Fpeculauve ba£is we oe
iievp that the trade is getting too bearish.
Hjwts in the South are etlU above a parity
■w ith futures in our market, fcnd continue in
fair demand. The bears claim that the hold
ing jjl cotton In the South by the farmers is
a »f-ak point, on the theory that banks will
hav* to call M:~.r loans tr.d If that bo the case
thf farmers uill then be forced to offer their
actual octton for sale, as very lew will refund
money on cotton unsold.
The course of the market is uncertain, as
it Ipcks as though a contest Is forming be
twfen the spinners and bear speculators and
sj>ot dealers an cne !»«"* and the planters and
fartories on the other. To dictate the price
for the marketing of the rest of the crop, with
the bull account which exists here and at New
Orifans. and Liverpool having been pretty
well eliminated on the break following the
publication of the Government report, shows
that tiir heaviest pressure from new on will
c-vme lar:r<-ly from frefh export selling, and '
that it" bears will oversell themselves at times
in their anxiety to further depress prices, and
tt'.&t we shall st« frequent rallies cuch as we
have had the last week.
"Hester estimates the world's visible cotton
Rpxdy at 4.317.314 bales, against 3,e38,19€
inn year."
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Money Market,
NEW YORK, Dec. 10. — Close: Money on call
was txomintd; no loans.
Time tr.&ns were steady with 60 days at
,'ji per cent; 60 daye and six months, 4
per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4^464*4 per cent.
Sterling exchange was firm with actual
bU£ines» in bankers' bills at $4.6(>55@4.8Ge0
for demand and &t S4.64 for sixty days.
Poft&d rates, S«.S4»4 and $4.87Q4.S7H.
ComraarciaJ blUc. M
Bar eilver. W cents.
Mexican dollars, 48% cents. ■*"•
Bonds — Goverxtnect. steady; railroad, fteady.
New York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton A Co., 490 California street.
Ban Francisco, members of the New York
Etock Exchange, furnish the following official
Quctaticns of that Exchange:
EaJes.l STOCKS. Hlgh|Low.| Bid.) AA
!Ad*xr.s Express.. 235 24e
62.900, Amalg Copper... 71% «S!» 71 % 71%
[Amer Can Co UU 12
I Do pfd 60H 61»4
800-Am Car & Ffirj" 33 ZS% 82?J 33
800 Do pfd S3 02H Q2\i 92«i
Amer Cotton Oil. 37U 3«U 36 36H
Do pfd »4 87
400- Am Dist Tel S8% S8^i 38 38H
Amer Express 21H4 212*4
2.700'Am Grass Twine 13% 12 12V4 18%
l,700jAin Hide A Leath 11 lO^ 10i« 11
ROOj Do pM 46 45«i 45 45%
ZOOOlAiaerican Ice 6*4 8U &%, 8U
2.00C Do pfd S9H 38% 39V4 SSH
LAra Linseed pfd 41 42
2.600(Atner Locomotive S4>; 33% ?A\ 34
Do pfd 103^104
194»0OiAKier Malt 6% 7% S«fc SU
700 Do pfd 28»i 27 28U 28%
5,500 Am Smelt A Ref 81 »J 80?i 81% 81%
»00 Do pfd 112%!ll2 113 113%
S.eOO Arr.er Sugar 144 142 14:t%, 143T4
I Do pfd 133% 140 .
Am Tel A T«l Co 149 ISO
Amer Tob pfd 93 97
Amer Woolen 22 22U
Do pfd 62 »2H
TOO Anaconda 107% 104 107 100%
JAnn Arbor 32 33
I Do pfd 83 30
(A. T & Santa. Fe £634 SO fc r .i.'. Se%
> Do pfd 1*"' • »«/«»!« x <>*
20,100 Bait &: Ohio 100%!100»i 100% 100%
. J Do pfd I fc5>4 «5»i
(Bay State Gas % %
• «.S0OBRT C3?i C2% 62% <3
IBrocklyn Un Ga? 215 220
300 Brunswick D & II 10»i 10V4 10 10«i
.-HJutterfck Co 1 01 «1«4
Canada Southernl 70 72
i Canadian Pacific j 132 131 •» 131 "4 132
-C & O J--4S% 47\ 4S% 48%
lOOfC * A ..' 42 43
Do pfd 90 »5
Se.IKXljC & .O W 23% 22$i 23i; 23>,4
200 Do pf d A C7 6!*
Do pfd B 35T4 35 35% 36-
Do deb* ! 8S\k 89
400 C & N W i207H 20C% 206%l208
».soo;c, m a at p....\m\i m>4 172' 172^
Do pfd ) 1S0U 186^4
3.Oft0iC, R I & P (new)i 25% 34*i :tt% «5%
1.5001 Do pfd j 85 S4% 85V* 85%
Do 4» | 81 8l4
l.O0OChl'Termin»I....|13?4 tX%\lXVt, 13%
600! Do pfd.. 124% 23 23% 24
l.MnOiCfal-Cr Trac ..{ 13V, 12% 12% 13%
1,300 • Do pfd 45 43
100 C C C & St L. 83% 83 89% 00
Do pfd lift HI
Clcv Lor & W...1 70 fto
Do pfd 00 120
CflOOjColo Fuel A Iron 4»H 48 49 49%
Do pfd .-. E3 95
SOO'Col Rock C A I 18% 1SU, 18% lKV
300!Colorado South.. 22% 21% -2 22%
Do 38t pfd ..) 68 S$i£
-Do 24 cfd 34 35
."WO Con Gm 209%'208 J0(S»4l»09
.-SOO'C«jn T C pfd...j 12S14I123
l.OfOCorn Products . 22% 22>« 22 22%
.-• I «• :>fd ;. 79%' 80
l.fiO0;Del A Hudson ..!1S9 187% 1K7%'18S
K...IO L & W 325 1335
100'D * H G : 32% 32% 32 32%
100' Do pfd SCU] 86 RG 80%
jDes M & Ft D 24% 25
....*:. I Detroit V «y 78« 78
rOfftDctrcit Southern ti%\ «% «% 7
«i00l Do pM 28 I 28 28% 29
[Diamond Match I.'..-.. 137 138
\-D\b Bectinties . 39 j 38'i S8% K»
! Do Bond* ...:....!.::.. 78- 78%
ID S S & A ...I..... 11% 12%
... I Do pfd ..| 22 24%
i^sfjfi'Eric 3S«4I 3-fi; 3«%1 SH%
S>«k«i' I>o iFt pfd .. 7« j 7.1H 7C I 76%
l,7<m: I>» 2d rfd C7 SGU M% 66%
:B £ T H 60 | Kt
I Do rfd I..... I W M
TOC-On CH#m prd.ilS!»tt11S£U!i>*K J1O0
.......Grrat North pfd ..,..<.. ...218 .122*
..:.... iGroca Con Cop I 34. I 54%
"i<;-\ai<:i Tob Co .1 i 33 135
I Do pfd ....... .....J.....J140 J145
600-Hocklng VaJ..! 91 .! 90 1 90% 1 «2
300| Do pfd ..'. I 84%( 63 j S»2%| 94
1. COO, Illinois Central ;{1S5%11£5 155 (155%
2,S00,Iliter Paper 25 23%t 2i%[ 25
1,800! Do pfd 7'JTt. Wi "°^»l Ty >*
ilnter Power 64 | 04%
600 Inter Pump ... 40 >i 40 4n% 4Ctr4
I Do pfd } 83 87
1,100. Iowa Central ..31 i 30 31 | 81%
VKWj Do pfd 57 5C»i| 5";%; 67)4
iKana & Mich ! I 38 1 40
|K. C F S& M pfd ! i S2%i 83%
1.600; Kan. C Southern. I | j 29% | 29 a i
4.600 Do pfd t B4i«i 51=4! 6.»«s| 53%
Keo A D Moines! { J 1« 18
iLaclede Gas pfd. | j 95 j trtJ
lOOjL E A W I as i 38 I 3S 1 35>
! Do pfd ; ! 90 1100
1'00'Long Island ....[62 j «2 j CO (63
3 -»°0;L & N 143V» 142% 1427*1143%
ftOO Manhattan 1C5 164*4 1«4% 165
iManhat Beach T»% 11
l,r>00i Metro Pecur 79% TftVi 79'i 80%
800 Metro St Ry ... 122 121% 121% 122
4.C00 Mex Central ... 21 7 A 21U 21% 21%
Minn & St L ....'! 62 65
Do Ut ofd 03 08
600!M,StP & SS M 00% 00 00»i 01
■■••;aJ Do pM • l4 * «5
0OO1M0. Kan & Tex. 33V4 32% 32% 32%
1.000 Do pfd t3% 63U 62% 63
12,600 Mo Pacific 100% 10S% 10S% 109
!Nash. C A St L 1 143 146
400:National Lead .. 24 23 7 * 24 21%
Do pfd I. 90% 08
.100 Nat RR ofMpfd 4114 41 hi 41 42
400 Nat Biscuit 56 7 h 66i« 6<5% 56%
! Do pfd 115V-iH6ii
100 N J Central 190 102
SCO. N* Y Air Brake.. 4iy> 44% 44V» 44W
2,200 N Y Central ... 139 " 138 13S% 13SV.
N Y C A St L 43$ 45
Do 1st pfd U2 120
Do 2d pfd 76 7S
;N Y Dock 18 24
iNY, Nil & Hart 106V- 1»8
2.C00N Y, Ont & W.. 44V>i 44*4 44^J 44V»
ll.SOOlNnr & Western. 78% 77% 78% 78%
I Do pfd |.*... {to I 04
I North American. 102 101 101>4jl01*i
jNorthcrn Secur. 12S%]129
Oniaha 150 153
Do pfd 100 105
O S L 4's 103% 104
100|P«ciflc Coast ..77 77 76 77%
Do Ut pfd 08 105
Do 2d pfd SI 83
SOOiPaciflc Mail 44% 44% 44 45
8,200 Pern R R Co... 137% tW=\ 13714 l'!7%
4,200;People's O«s ... 108% 107% 10S%1lfi9U
600 P C C & St L.. 78% 78% ~hW\ 78%
I Do pfd 104%ll06Vi,
300 Pressed Et Car. 39 38% iiSV. 30
200 Do pfd 90 00 00* 01
Pullman Car Co 2.58 241
600jRy St i=pring»Co 32% 32 32 J2%
Do pfd 01% 01 02 »2\i
50.200|Readir.g SO 78% 78% 70%
I Do 1st pfd 90 01
" 800 Do 2d pfd 82- '81% 82 82i;
1.300 Republic S & I. 16% 16VJ 16% lti**
1.20O Do pfd U3 68% CU «9%
2,3O<^Rubbcr Goods .. 28% 27% 28% 2S%
.- ) Do pfd-..*. 05 '36
200 Sloss. S 8 & I Co] 61 60 60 «1
Do pfd 1C2 104
St J A G I 15 17
Do tst pfd 52 58
Do 2d pfd 24 29
StL&S F 1st pfd 77 79
BOO Do 2d pfd ... 67 06 6(J VI /
500 St L & S W 28Vi 26%
3.100 Do pfd 5S% 57 V4 5S 58 Vi
8*. 100 Southern Pac .. 64% 64% 04% 64%
7,200 Do pfd 118% 118% 118% 11S%
11.000 Southern Ry ... 36 C5Vi 33% 35%
Do »fd 05% 9C»4
Standard Oil 635 640
Standard R & T 3% 4%
7.600 Tenn Coal A I.. 73V4 71 72 72V4
Texas P L T Co 3G>>; 37
Texai Pacific .. 36 35% 35% S6
Third Avenue ISO 131
(Toledo R & T Co 23U 23%
l.»00IToledo St L A W 37% 36% 37% 37%
IOOJ Do pfd 54% 55
500 Twin City R T. 105% 105 1C5% 106
lOOiUnlon Bag A P. 1H« 11 J .4 11% 11%
Do Dfd 7474 78
Union Pacific ... 111% 110% 111 111%
Do Pfd 05% 93% 05% 03
Do conv 4s 110% 111
United Copper 9 10%
100 United R of S F 23% 23 23 24
200 Do pfd 68 «8 07% CS
Do 4s 87% 88
800 U 8 Cast I Pipe. 19 19 10 19%
700 Do pfd 79% 79% 79% 79%
41.200 U S Express 42% 41% 41% 42
104,600 1; 8 Leather ... 20% 18% 18% 1S%
5.700 Do pfd 103% 102% 10S
2.000 U S Rubber . . . 33 32% 33 33V*
400 Do pfd 93% 03 92% 03%
.-UJ.fiOO U S Steel Cor. . .*i0?i 23*4 30% 30%
4?.40Q Do pfd 02% OOfi 9174 02
Va-Car Chem Co 42% 41 »4 41% 42
Do pfd :.... 113% 114%
700Wabash ... .... 22% 22 22»,i 22%
600 Do Pfd 45U 44% 44>? 45
... Do deb Bs ... 67 07%
, Wells Farco Ex 244 24H
Western Union.. 02% S3
Westlnghouse ..182 181% 1S1V4 182
... Do 1st pfd ... ....- 190 191
Do 2d pfd • 20 20^i
300 W A L E 19% 10 19 19Va
100 Do 1st pfd ... 47- 47 46 47
200 Do 2d Pfd ... 27% 27% 27% 29
500 Wisconsin Cen .. 22% 22 22% 22%
3Ot>! Do pfd 46' 45% 46Vi 4e*
925,300— Total shares sold.
New York Bonds, j
U S ref 2s. reg..lO4%|L & N unified 4s. 103
Do coupon..... 104% Man con. gold 4s.. 105
Do 3i, res 104% Mexican Cen" 4s:. 76%
Do coupon 104%i Do 1st Inc.... 24
Do new 4s, reg.l80*4lMlnn A St L 4s.. 97
Do coupon. 131 M. K A T 4s:.;. 100%,
Do old 4s reg..lO5%| Do-2ds :...." 85%
Do coupon 10G%|Ntl R Mex con 4s 81%
Atchisotr-gen 4s. .1C2%.N,Y Cen gen 3%«.100%
Do adj 4s 9*1,1 N J Cen een 6s. .13.'.%
Atlantic C L 4s.. !>:»»,! Northern Pac 4s..10&i,&
Ealt A Ohio 4sr.lO3%j Do 3s 75yi
Do 3%s 0t$>4 N A W oon 4s. .101 "
Central of Ga 5s. Ill IOSL 4s and partlc.103%
Do 1st inc.... 01 Penn conv 3%s..lO2%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7>^|Readinflr gen 4s... 102 V 4
Chi A Alton 3%s. 82^418^ & IM con 5s..H6
C. B A Q new 4s. 100 StL A SF fg 4s.. 89%
CM A SP gen 4s.llO%!St L S W ltts.. 97%
C & N W con 7s. 12S% Seaboard A L 4s. 85
CHIiP RR 4s. 61 Vi Southern Pac 4s.. 93%
Do col 5s...... 94% Southern Ry 5s.. 119%
CCC A SL gen 4s.I01%lTex A Pac lets.. 119%
Chicago Term 4s. 84%]T. Rt L A W 4a. 83%
Con Tob 4s 82%iUn!on Pacific 4s., 106%
Colo A South 4s. 69«4 Do, conv 4s 111%
C F & I con C«.. 86 US Steel 2d 5e.: 92%
Den & Rio G 4s. 101% Wabash Ista 117 ; 'I
Erie prior Uen 4s. 101% D o deb B .:. es
Do gen 4s 92 W A L E 4s.... 93
Ft%\" A DC Ists. 108% Wisconsin Cen 4s. 92
Hocking Val 4%s.lll | v «
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con..... 25 JUttle Chief.:..; - 05
Alice 65 lOntario 3 60
Bw.ce 14 |Ophlr ..31
Brunswick Con.. 06 Phoenix 17
Comstock Tunnel 08 Potosl 14
Con Cal A Va.. 17 Savage 22U
Horn Silver 1 65 Sierra Nevada... 46
Iron Silver 2 00 Small Hopes..... 26
Leadvill* Con... 02 (Standard .... 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds. .
Money — ■ US Steel.. SO94
Call loans. ....3%GH% Do pfd.... »2
Time loans.:.. 4 ©5- West'house Com.. 90
Bonds — Mining —
Atfhison adj r 4s. 93% Adventure 6>4
Do 4s .....101% Allouee 19
Mexican Cen 4s.. 76 Amalgamated 71
Railroads — . - Amer Zinc 12%
Atchlson 86% Atlantic .....:..: 17%
Dopfd..-...':..10.""'i; Bingham ......... 35%
Boston &. Albany. 2M Calumet'& Hecla.675 -
Boston & Maine.. 170 Centennial ......".•27%
Boston Elevated. .154 Copper Range.-. ...1 70%
Fltchburg pfd. ...140 Daly West........ 12%
Mexican Central. 21% Dominion Coal.;. .'6414
NT, N H A H..190%IFranklIn ..'.V.;rrrjlliK'1
Pere Msrquette .. 73 - lGrancy ■'.:'. ..'. .'..': -5%
Union Pacific. :..IllUIIsle Royale. ....;. ,28%
Mioccllaneous — - -iMass Mining.":.. .<»%
Am Arge Chem... 23% Michigan ........ 9*i
Do pfd : . .'. 86% Mohawk ..:...... 53
Amer Pneu Tube. 5% Mont Coal & Ccke 5% ;
Amer Sujrar J43% Old Dominion....: 27%
Aro.Tel & Tel:;..14fi OjcpoU .....;..., 941$ ,
Amer Woolen...: ?2»i Parrot t .....' 28'-.
Do pfd...: ; 93% Qulncy ..Ho
Dominion I A S.. 1S% Shannon .......... 95,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER. 11, 1904.
TA Elec Ilium... 2.-2 Tamarack 122
General Electric. .188 Trinity ' 13»4
Mass Electric....- 14% I) S Mining .... 2C%
. °o pfd 6?. U B OH....: H**
Mass Gas. ....... 38% i Utah ..... . . ¦; . .... <W?i
United Fruit 1C5%| Victoria 4?;
United Shoe Jlach 50 | Winona 12
Do pfd. ....... 39 (Wolverine : 105&
London Closing Stocks.
Coi> for money 87 13>16|Xew York Cen...l42%
Con for account.. 68 Nor & West.;.... 79 : ft
Anaconda 5»4 , D o pfd . . v ..."94
;;89 lOntario & West.. 45^
Do »jfd.........lC5H!pennsylvanla :... 70li
Bait & Ohio. ....103 (Rand Mines.. ll^j
Canadian Pacific. 125 IReading 40
Chcs & Ohio- ... 40KJ Do 1st pfd 46
Chi Great West.. 23Vij Do 2d pfd 41 Vi
C. M & St P 176 (Southern Ry 3ti%
De, Be*rs m%\ Do pfd !>«Vi
Denver & Rio G. r?2!i [Southern Pacific. 06
Do pfd 88\4i Union Pacific 114^
Erie :t5)i,i| Do pfd 97«4
Do 1st pfd..... 77%|rjfr6 Steel 30%
Do 2d pfd 08 Do pf J ." IW&
Louis & Nash. . . .146^ Wabesh 23VS
Mo. Kan & Tex.. 33% Do pfd 46
Bar r liver— Quiet, 27 ll-10d per ounce. ' -:-V)
Money — 1@1% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for three months'
bills 2 ;i per cent. v •
Associated Banks' Statement.
XEW YOKK. Dec. 10.— The 1 statement of
averages of tl e Clearing JIouse_banks of this
city for the past week Snows: *V
Loans. 51,CS2,CS9,4CO; decrease, $5,C13,r>00.
Deposits. $1,118,040,000 : decrease, $9,838,100.
Circulation. $42,534,100; increase, $407,400.
Ltfal lenders $7ii.'J10,100: decrease. $1,037,400.
Specie. 5211.96"..1CO; decrease, $590,000. Reserve,
?2KS,S75,200; decrease, $l,CT3.40O. Reserve re
quired. $27!>. 51 0,000: decrease, $2,45<J.ri2S. Sur
plus, $9,385,200; increase, $S26,12. r i. Ex-United
States deposits, $13,101,700; increase, $819,325.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
42.000 barrels: exports, 3400. Dull and fea
tureless. Minnesota patents. $5 S5®<j 10; Min
nesota bakers, $4 40{?4 75; winter patents, $5 50
<S5.h5; winter straights, $5 2o(g5 40; winter ex
trap, $3 C5#4 30; winter low grades, $3 45®
4 10. t
WHEAT — Receipts. 04.00"; spot easy. No.
2 red nominal elevator; No. 2 red, $1 \~V± t. o.
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth $1 22% f. o.
b. afloat. Options opened steady on foreign
buying, but at once broke severely under big
Northwestern receipts, poorer cables, light rain
in the Southwest and weak outside markets,
closing Ts&lc net lower. May, $1'12&1 13,
closed $1 12; July, $1 O3'(,@l O3V4. closed
$1-0.;^; December, $1 16%®l 17&. closed
$1 14%.
HOPS — Quiet. Stata common to choice, 1904,
29®'-'{7c; 1903, 30i{j35c; olds, 14c; Pacific Coast,
1904, 2»£36c; 1903, 29934c; olds, 14@17c.
HIDES — Firm. GalveBton, 20 to 25 pounds,
18c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 19c; Texas
dry, 24 to :«) pounds, 14^c.
WOOL— Firm. Domestic fleece, 32®35c.
PETROLEUM— Steady; refined New York,
$7 ».">; Philadelphia and Baltimore, $7 00; do in
bulk, $. r ...
Sl'OAR — Raw. firm; fair refining, 4%c, cen
trifugal 90 test. 4%c; molasses BUgar, 4^c.
Refined, firm; No. 0 and No. 7, 5c; No. 8,
4.90c; No. .9, 4.S5c; No. 10. 4.80c; No. 11,
4.70c; No. 12, 4.05c; No. 13, 4.6<>c; No. 14,
4.60c; confectioners' A, 5.BOc; mold A, «c;
cut loaf. «.35c; crushed, tf.35c: powdered, 5.75c;
granulated. B.tiSc; ciibpa. 5.90o.
The following grades of refined sugar were
advanced 10 cents per hundred pounds to-day:
Confectioners' A. mold A, cut loaf, crushed,
powdered, irranulated and cubes.
COFFEE — Futures closed barely steady at
net unchanged srlces to an advance of only
five jwints. •Sales wore reported of 138.750
bags, including: December. 7.05@7.10c: Jan
uary, 7.1 5©7.20c; March. 7.:55ff7.4Oc; May,
7.H5ig-7.C0c; July. 7.75^?7.80c, and October, 8®
8.05c. Spot Rio. steady; No. 7, invoice, 8^c;
mild fteady: Cordwa. lC&lSc.
BUTTER — Unchanged.
CHEESE— Unchanged.
EGG& — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUIT. v .i-"~
EVAPORATED APPLES — Tbe market ap
pears to be rather firmer In tone, owing, it Is
said, to recent purchases for speculative ac
ccunt for delivery on contract. Common, 3}4@
4c: prime. 4'4©4'/bc; choice, fistic.
PRUNES — Coast advices indicate an increas
ing interest In prunes, with prices still rang
ing from 2c to. 6c for. California fnilt.
APRICOTS — Are In" moderate demand and
scarce. Choice. lOHCllc; fancy. ll^@15c.
PEACHES — Are firm; choice. 9Vi<ga?io; ex
tra choice. 9»i©10tyc; fancy. 10%!grllc.
Jfnv YorU . Cotton 3Iarket.
NEW YORK, Deo. 10. — COTTON— Futures
opened weak. Dt>cember, 7.73c: January,
7.01c; February, 7.70c; March, 7. Sic; May.
7.90c; June, 7.07c; July. 8.01c: August, 8c.
Futures closed steady. December, 7:57c.
January, 7.C3c; February. 7.70c; March.
7.81c; April, 7,&0c; May. 7.93c; June 7.»5c;
July, 8.02c. August. 7.98c. ,
Spot cotton closed dull. Middling- uplands,
8c; middling Gulf. S.2Bo. No sales.
Xerv York Dry Goods.
NEW YORK. Dec. 10. — Total Imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at the port of
New \/irk for the week ending to-day were
valued* at flI.94S.254. \
Exports of Specie.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10 — Exports of specie from
New York reported for the week ewre $4 U05 -
000 sold and ttlO.BOO silver. $4,000,000 of the
above was United States Bold coin Bhlpped to
Havana In November and not previously re
ported. Imports of specie; at New York during
the week were $18,7(J2 silver and $216,761 gold.
New York Me <# »* Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.— All metals were less
active and In the case of tin easy, owing' to
the continued disposition of consumers to hold
off the market. Lead, si>elter and Iron were
firm. Copper ruled dull. Spot, tin. $28 fl.Vg>
28 S7V4; lake copper, $14 87%@15 12V4; electro
lytic. «14 75©15: casting. ?U 0Oi514 75; lead,
$4 60@4 70; spelter. $5 75@5 87%; iron un
changed. . . •
Condition of the Treasury.
.WASHINGTON. Dec,, 10.— Tp-day'a Treas
ury statement: Available cash balance, $144,
684,744; gold, $80,830,349.
' CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions. ' ■
CHICAGO. Dec. 10. — Much news of a' de
pressing nature came from Minneapolis, .where
largely Increased arrivals of wheat were said
to be lcoked for. With 646 car* reported as
received there to-day and low premised for
Monday, traders here took hold early. May
started with a loss of % to %c af$l 10% @
1 10'/j. Except for a brier rally to $1 lo*4,
due. to filling of moderate buying orders, the
popular temper seemed to be to sell. The
sentiment later, however, became qualified by
an evident feeling on the. part or some of the
operators that the Government report, to be
issued after the session closed, would show a
lower condition for the growing crop. • In
consequence, May. 1 after sinking to $1 10U,
showed some renewal of strength and toward
tho Jast had largely recovered the early loss.
The close was rteady at $1 10%.
CB6h houaea/sold May corn ngalnst country
offerinffs. Maty starting unchanged at'44TJ. to
45c, was reduced to 4l%c, showing but small
improvement- In the closing trades at 44V>c
Oats were , steady at a rractlonal decline.
Changing from December to May at 2% ! to
2%c difference was a feature or trading. May
opened a shade lower at 30%@.'K> ! ftc. sold
within a narrow range and closed steady at
30>4c. .-: :
Provision* were Influenced by the heavy run
of hogs. - c At the eloee Mcy pork was oft* 15c.
Lard was 'down 6c. Ribs showed a loss of
2%@5c. . . ■
Tho leading futures ranged as follows-
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2 —
December ... 1 08*4 1 OS*,* 1 07*4 l 07»4
May 1 10% 1 10% 1 10U l ]0 2
July ...8834 89 98% 09 ■
1 Corn No. 2— • %
December ... 47% 47% . 46% 44%
May 46 45 44% . .44%
July ........ 45. 45 : 44$. .442
Oats No. 2— '
December ... 2S',4 28% 28% 2SVi
May S0% - 30%'- "30% '30%
July 30H 30% 30% 30%
Mees Pork, p«r barrel — 1 .,...
January 12 57% 12 57% 12 50 12 60
May ........12 90 12 90 12 80 12 80
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 6 90 6 00 6 85 6 85
May ........ 7 12% . 7 12% „ 7 07% 7 07%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January 6 52% 6 52% « 50' fl (50
May ........ 6 77% 6 77%'. 6 70... 6 72%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— Cash Quotations -were as'
follows: Flour, active;. No.' 2 spring wheat.
$1 OS01 15; No. 3. Jl 02«l 12; N<T 2 red
$1 12@1 14%: No. 2 corn,-46y«@47J4c:-N o 2
yellow, 469i@47«; No. 2 oats. 20@37J.ic; No "2
white. 31c; No. -8 white, 29$4©30t; C : / No" 2
rye, "5c: fair to choice malting barley. 41fi)4(tc-
No 1 flaxseed,- (1 16;. 'No. 1* Northwestern'
$1 24; prime timothy seed, $1 75®2; mess pork'
per barrel. $12 25@12 50; lard, per, 100 pounds"
$7 50@7 62%; short ribs sides (looae),$C 37H«i
6 00; short clear Bides (boxed), $6 75@0 S7%~
whisky, basis : of 'high wines, $1 21; clover
contract grade, f 12 60, ■■ „'; - t ,.'
■Articles— ' Receipts. Shipments
Flour, . barrels ..... .'22,900 •- 22.100
Wheat; bushels ..'.... r:;.r. 49,000 "" 40,800
Corn,' bushels- .;... .'....'.. 087,700" I 240,S»0O
Oats, - bushels ■ C. ..100,400 .' 107,800
Hye, bushels ..:. .. ."..'..... 7.000 : 1,800
Barley, bushels ........;..-. 08,200 ■ 12.S0O
Butter. ; Cheese and . Effjp?.
.CHICAGO. Dee.": 10.— On \ the "' Produce - ' :Ex
change : to-day the Butter market ; was ' steady;
creameries," lti1?2Cc;7dairies, 104/ 22c. Cheese,
firm, ll@12c. Eggs, steady at mark, cases in
cluded; 20>4#25c.t - — ■ - .'
CAT^IiE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4C0: steady. Good .to prime steers, $(j@7.20;
poor .to medium, $.{ C0@5 SO; -stockers and
feeders, $2 2C@4 10; cows; $1 40@4; heifers.
$2fc5; - eanners, _ $1 35@2 40; bulls, $2@4 10;
calves/ $3 00fg7; Western steers, $3 30@4 65
HOGS— Receipts. 1700; Monday 22.000. Mar
ket Cc higher. Mixed and butchers, $4 35«J
4 50; good to choice heavy, $4 42%«}4 55;
rough h«avy. $4 30S4 40: light, $4 25®4 40;
bulk of sales, $4 40@4 47)4.
SHEEP — Receipts. 3000; fsheep strong, lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 50®5 25;
fair to choice mixed, . $3 60®4 40; Western
sheep, $3 50@S; native' lambs. $4 TSS'U 60:
Western lambs, $5®« 35. ; .
- Omaha.;
OMAHA, D«c. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 600;
market nominally steady. • . * ;
HOGS — Receipts. 62CO; market shade higher.
Heavy, $i r,0@4 37^4: mixed, $1 32%@4 35;
light, $4 35^4 45; pigs, $4@4- 40; bulk of sales,
$4 32^04 40. ' . ' ; t ■
SHCEP— Receipts, 2300; market strong.
Western ] yearlings, $4 50@5; wethers, $4 25@
4 75? ewes, S-l?/"4 50: common and stockers,
$2 50®4 50; lambs, 55®C 25. .
Kansas Cit >\
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 10.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 200; market unchanged. Native steers,
$3 ZiO^ii !>0; native cows and heifers, $1 75flJ5;
stockers ind feeders, ?2 50®i 10; bulls, ?2@4:
calves, $3iz(» 25; Western steers, $3@5; West
ern cows, $1 7!i<33 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 4000; market 5c higher.
Bulk of sales, $4 30@4 55; heavy. $4 50@
4 62 1£; pftckers, $4 30@4 55; pigs and lights,
$3 75@4 40.
No shsep; market nominally steady.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL
Wheat— Dec. March. May.
Opening Nom. 7 3U 14%
Closing 7 4& 7 4%
PARIS. • '■ .
Wheat — Dec' Mar. -June.
Opening 24 16 ■ 25 30
Cloelng 24 15 25 30
Flour —
Opening . . . „ 31 85 32 85
Closing 31 75 32 85
St. Louis -Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 10.— WOOL— Firm. Medi
um grades, combing and clothing, 23®2&c;
light fine, lS@22Vsc; heavy fine. 14@18c; tub
washed, 2"(&40c.
LOCAL MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
I Sterling Exchange sixty days.. $4 83*4@t 84
] Sterling Exchange, sight 4 86«4@4 86%
j Sterling Exchange, cables 4 86%@4 87^
I New York Exchange, sight Par @
i N. Y. Exchange, telegraphic... .02%@ —
Silver, per ounce — @ 60
Mexican dollars ..' 48 &@' 49
INTERNATIONAL. .-
New York on Paris 5.16%
• New York on Mexico ."....". .204
j Paris on London 25.15%
Uerl!n.< hi London 20.38
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were not ma
terially changed. Chicago -was several frac
tions lower. . :
The Agricultural Department reports that
the newly seeded area of winter wheat is
about 31,155,000 acres, a decrease of 1.6 per
cent from the area sown In the fall of 1903.
The condition of winter wheat December I
was S2.9, as compared with 86.6 in 1003, 99.7
In 1902 and a ten year average of 92.1. .
The Chicago wires of E. F. Button & Co.
said: "Wheat has had a fair recovery from
the low prices of the week, and this, to our
mind, reflects a very strong speculative posi
tion. Personally, we ew nothing In our do
mestic situation to make for higher prices.
Receipts exceed consumption. There is no ex
port demand, and we advised this. The flour
trade is flat. While the Argentine situation
at the moment promises favorable results, the
crop in that country is still far from being out
of danger and will continue to rule ava fea
ture for eome Httle time yet. We doubt very
much if money can bo made at this time, in
celling wheat short, except on extremely sharp
bulges."
In the San Francisco market the cash grain
was dull and ■ unchanged, but futures were
strong, notwithstanding the Chicago decline,
en some buying orders and dry weather.
But, according to a statement by the broker
age firm of Yates & Wright, the Sacramento
and San Joaquin valleys are not especially in
need of rain, as the soil is In fine condition
and the condition of the crop excellent. This
Information cornea from correspondents in
those regions.
CASH. WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45@1 52% ; California
Wbite Australian. $1 60@l 62V4; Northern
Club. $1 50@l- S2V6,"W>th none, offering;,North
ern Blucstcm. $1 60®l 62%: ' Northern Red,
$1 47>s per ctl. . s .
FUTURES.
Session 9 to, 11:30 a. m
' Opert. High. Low. Close.
May .."...... .$1 43%:$1 44% $143% $144%
December— No sales. —
BARLEY — There was a firmer feeling all
around yepterday. ■ both cash and future mar
kets hardening somewhat. The prime cause of
the firmness was the anxiety of shorts for De
cember-delivery, who have yet tome 6000 tons
to fill on their contracts, and do not know
exactly where they are to find the Barley to
nil them with.
CASH BARLEY,
Feed. $1 0S»i©l 12%; Brewing and Shipping'
$1 15©1 17H; Chevalier, : $1 15Q>1 20 per ctu
FUTURES.
Session 9 ,to-ll:3O a. m
May— No sales; $1 09>4 -bid," $1 09}; asked.
December— $1 11. - •
• OATS — Not much activity is expected ' until
the turn of the year.- as trade is usually dull
In December, buyers being. Indisposed to lay In
any further supplies until they get the year's
accounts straightened out.
White.' $1 42 ] /&@>l'57%: Surprise, $1 0501 60;
Red for feed. $1 32%®1 45 for No.^1 and
$1 22%@1 HO for No. 2; extra fine for seed
$1 42V a @i 50; Black. 51 30@l 35 for feed and
*1 45&1 <J2% for seed. /~~w
CORN — There is nothing new. Trade is
quiet.
Western sacked. $1 40S1 45 • Sor Yellow.
.White and Mixed; California large -Yellow.
$1 40@l 45; Email round do. $1. 80; -White,
nominal; Egyptian. $1 35@1 40 for White and
$1 17Mi©l 2O- for • Brown. - - • .
RYE— 81 4001 43 per ctl. '
BUCKWHEAT— $1 50@l, 75 -per. ctl.-
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— Calltornia Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, ' $4 7U@5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl. • /
- - MILLSTUFFS — Prices . in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, 1 $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, {2 50; extra cream do, $3 60;
Oat Meal. $4; Oat- Groats. $4 25; Hominy,
$3.C0£(3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4 25: Cracked
Wheat. $3 75; Farina, .$4; Whole Wheat
Flour. $.< fO; Rolled Oats, bbls. $6 75®7 50; in
sacks, *4 25; Pearl .Barley; $5; • Split ' ; Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Bran has again advanced and Is very firm.
Hay, on the contrary. Is weak : and ' quiet,
though prices show 'no further decline.;
. URAN— $20 50021 50 per "ton. !
MIDDLINGS— »25ft28 uer ton. |
SHORTS — $20 50ST21 CO per ton. ■
FEBDS'f UFFS — Kolled Barley, *24024 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at i tho mill, $31 r,o@:i:j 50;
JoVblng, $33; Cocoanut Cake, $2jf®24; Cocoa
nut Meal," $24ff2r.:- Corn.' Meal, - $11 - Q0g>.V<i ;
Cracked Corn. ?.12S32 aO; Mixed Feed," ?229
2J; Horse- Beans, $30^40 per ton; Brofcra
Corn ' Feed. 90c Utr ct I. .
HAY— Wheat,- $IO@14 ~A\ AVheat and Oat.
$10(314; Oat. $0©12; Barley and Oat. $SfJ10;
Volunteer Wild - Oat. $7#"51O; stable. . $!)^1O;
stock. $550®7; Clover. -$7©10; Alfalfa. $'a@l£
per' ton. '"..■■-- : ■-■•'". " , ■
STRAW— S5®60c per bale. ;
Beans and Seeds."
Dealers continue to report a dull market for
Beans and a quiet market foik,gegd«, all quo
tations remaining unchanged.
. BEANS^-Bayos, - V- 'bfe"J; Pea, nominal;
Butter. $3®3 25: small j White, , fj 1S ft :{ no .
large White, $2 40«jf2 fc5:; Pink. 1 $2 7D®3 15;
Rad S4 '-'5@-l SO; Lima; $4 1004 20: Red Kid
neys, 5-4 DO; Blackeyes.- $2 60®2 75 per ctl;
Horse Beans.. $1 »^®2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal — no good
lots olferlnt;; Yellow Mustard, 3Vi@:{%c; "Flax.
»2<ff2 73 :- Canary, --6%C!-. Alfalfa, 12%@l3c;
Rape, 1%©2%o; Timothy. 5%c; Hemp, oViiU
3%c per lb;' Min«t.^2'.<t@3iic; Broom Corn
Se*d'. $20021'' per ton. '
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, , »l <C®2 CO; Green
Peas, $1 75@2 50 per. ctl. .
Potatoes. Onions and Vejjetables.
• Receipts of Potatoes and Onions from nearby
tections ■were, light,":- the 'rain, on the preceding
day ■ having .checked . digging opera
tions, but. there ' " was plenty of" car
ried*-overi -stock .." .on -■ hand „_ and -prices
of river and Salinas Burbanks were without
quotable change.". The steamer Columbia,- from
Oregon, • brought down 691 ■ sacks • of Potatoes
and 1244 sacks of Onions. .The Potatoes were
held . at: $1 10,1but no;sales^ were reported, as
the ; fcteamer arrived too :. late ' for .. the . regular
trade. Holders of Onions were very,' firm fn
their -vi^ws and some -receivers were expecting
ah" advance -in "the. beet Oregon etock.v There
were . no fresh Sweets received, but , old i. stock
was plentiful and moved foff well at unchanged
rates.'- '/i.-J'"^-'^-'^'-'' : ' •" " "- , f 1 .'"-•- «
- Southern . vegetables : were In good rTreques.t.
but receipts; were .plentiful and prices, showed
but s- Jlght ',variation.'v: Neaxbj- : growing., section*
have : suffered t eeverely . f rort frost , lately,-,, and
the . season ■ for bayJ vegetables Is • practically
ended. .; -r' .. ' ■'- . V -»;"•;■ ','.'-•" .- ■-:-,_. :> ■;
• .'j POTATOES— Burbanks : from ■ the ■ river," 4Q&
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1;1O®1 42% per
*ct|;-Oreron Burbanks, '^Scfill. 10 per," ctl; River
Reds, < 6O@70ct per ctl; * Sweet •« Potatoes, 68fi85c
'per: cti: •-•-•."•■." j • v ■"■•- •..;■,.-■:■•-—■■ -. -
-ONIONS— ?2 20^2 50 i>er CO
- VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3®5e per lb;
String Beans,. 4@6c per 'Ib; '.Wax -Beans, Wlc.
Lima Beans,' *5#8c. per : lb: Tomatoes,. 75c@$l
per box: Summer Squash, "ocftjl per box; Cab
bage, «0c- per~ ctl;* Carrots, 75c per sack; Cu
cumbers. $1 per box; Garlic, 4%©5c per lb;
Egg ;Plant; 5©7c per lb ■ f or southern : Dried
Peppers; nominal; Green Peppers, 40®50c per
box; .Mushrooms; 25® 50c ' per lb: Marrowfat
and.Hubbard Squash, $SiS>10 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
: As usual on Saturday, there was very Httle
doing In Poultry and the week closed with' the
market well supplied and quiet. Two cars of
Western, one of . which was consigned to a
leading retail firm,' were in, making & cars re
ceived during the. week. . Both cars were held
for Monday's market. | Game arrived:freely and
moved rather slowly at previous prices, most
retailers being well supplied with the heavy ar
rivals of the past few days.
; POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys •-22® 23c per
lb; Live Turkeys, • 16®lSc per ib: Geese, p«r
pair. $2@2 25; Gosltngs, $2 25@2 50; Ducks,
$5@5 50 per dozen for old and $»J©7 for young:
Hens, : $4®4 50 for small- and.$5@5 50 .for
large; young Roosters, $4 5O@5 50; old Roos
ters, $4@4 60; Fryers. $4@4 60; Broilers, $2 50
C3 50; >Plgeons. $1 25; Squabs $2@2 00.
GAME— Mallard Ducks $2 50Q;3 per • dozen:
Canvasback. $3@3 50; Teal. $125; Sprig. $2;
Widccon, $1 25; Red Heads $2; small Ducks.
$1 25; Gray Geese, $2®2 50; White Geese. $1®
150; Brant. $1 25®2; Honkers. $3@3; Snipe,
$3 for English and $1 50 for common: Doves,
$1 25: Hare. $1 50; Rabbits $2 for Cottontails
and $1 50 for . Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
■ Butter -closed the week very firm, with fine
creameries cleaned up and In demand. The
cause of the firmness ' is the default of ' one
steamer's supplies . from Humboldt i last week
and a good shipping demand for Portland and
the Sound. ' Some Butter is ' also being sent
East, and two carloads for this ' account . ars
being loaded for shipment during the coming
week. . - . -.;-: . ' ' • •
Cheese shows no -change, the demand* and
supply about . balancing at the moment. .
Eggs are steady. at the recent advance, with
moderate arrivals. ." •-• • -. ' » ■ ■ -
Receipts were 22,200 lbs ' Butter, 453 cases
Eggs and 70GO lbs Cheese. ' *
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 22@23c
for extras and 19@21c for lower to medium
grades;' dairy, lifcilN:: cold storage, nominal;
store Butter.- 10® 14c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, - 15@16c. ■ : .
CHEESE — ll&ll\ic for choice mild new and
9®10c for old; cold-storage. lo&@llc; Young
Americas, 12@12Hc: Eastern, 10@15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 35039c for good to fancy and
28032 &c: for common; cold storage, 25@30c;
Eastern, 25<S'28c for choice 22@24c for stand
ards and VJ is tile for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The market was fairly active on local ac
count during the early. trade, as retailers were
purchasing., for ' two days' requirements,
but Jiuyers as • a " rule were operat
ing cau^lfliisly and - not taking any
more than necessary for immediate wants.
The top quotation of $2 per box was
still being asked and obtained In a small way
for favored brands of Navel Oranges from cer
tain districts, but equally fancy ' fruit • from
other sections was offered . freely at ■$ I 75,
which was considered an extreme price for
the general rum of offerings. Other Citrus
fruits were quiet and the top quotation for
Lemons was shaded. The Apple market.- Is
gradually ' working into better shape. Cheap
and medium , priced goods ar^i pretty well
cleaned . up and the upper grades . are com
mencing to move more freely. ■ Receipts have
shown a marked falling . off lately, the low
prices and demoralized condition of the market
having: checked the movement from outside
points. Receipts of Pears, ' Persimmons and
Grapes are becoming lighter every day* and
these descriptions cut but little figure In the
market. The same may be Bald of Strawber
ries, which have been' selling at irregular
prices lately. Two chests of strictly fancy
Longworths were received yesterday, one of
which was peddled out at $15 and the other at
$17 per, chest, while for ordinary offerings $10
was an extreme figure.
STRAWBERRIES — Longwortho, $5®W per
cheat, with some fancy higher; large varieties,
$2©0 per chest. " •
RASPBERRIES— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— $9©11 per bbl for East
ern and $2 75@3 per box for Coos Bay.
APPLES— $1 25 per box for extra fancy, 75o
G$l for ordinary fancy and 40@€5c for common
to choice; Lady. Apples, $2®2 25 per box.
PEARS— Winter NelUs, $1 50®l 75 per box;
cooking varieties, 60>''@$l per box.
PERSIMMONS— 6O-S65C per box.
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates,' 90c@$l 50
for Verdel And 60©90c for other varieties; open
boxes ti5c{?$l.~
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, Navels. $102 per
box;: Seedlings. 75o®$l; Tangerines. 75c for
small - and $1 for large boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, $101 25 per box; Lemons, $2 &0@2 73
for fancy, ?l 7u<&2 25 for choice and $1^1 50
for standards; Grape Fruit, $1 75@2 50; Mexi
can Limes, $4 pel case; Bananas, $2@3 per
bunch for Central American and $102 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $1 5O@3 per dozen. . ■
Dried Fruits. Xuts, llalsina. Honey.
Fruits continue dull, j but Apricots are a
fraction higher. - The Consolidated j Raisin
Company j has named revised prices for Seeded
Raisins, which appear below. .: Honey con
tinues inactive and In good supply, are
steadily held. There is a very good sea ex
port movement in Prunes, .
FRUITS— Aprjcots, 8@llc for Royals and
10tj!12%c for Moorparks; Nectarines. «%@7%c
for. White and 6%©"c for Red; Peaches, ~%Q
8%o per lb; .Pears, 7®12c; Plums, pitted U®
6Hc for blacks, l%9S\i.a for red and 7@3%c
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks, 5Oc; 3-crown,
55c; 4-crown. 600; ft-crbwn, 65c; bulk white,
2»i «/.'!«; black, • 2%@o%c; Evaporated Apples,
4HiS0Hc per lb. '
PRUNES— l^ifl^c per lb for the four sizes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes. I
RAISINS— 1904 ■ crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters, ?2 25© 2 50; Dehesa. $1 30®
1 35; London Layers, 65c@$l: Loose Muscatels.'
4-crown, 5@r>^4c: 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown 3@
3'/*c; ■ Seeded, 4%@fic: I Thompson's Seedless,
4Vift-J'ic; Seedless Sultanas. &3 5c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, I2@13c; No.
2, 10© lie; No. 1 hardshell, 12c; No. 2, 10c;
Almonds. . 10@17c for Nonpareils, 14@14%c for
I X L, 13%@14V4c for Kb Pins Ultra and lie
for Languedoc; Peanuts, 607c for Eastern; Pe
cans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 5O@5; Chestnuts.
8@9c per lb for Italian.
HONEY — Comb, lli£@J3c for white and 10@
lie for amber: water white extracted, 6%@Cc;
light amber extracted. 5«5>*c; dark. 3@4%c.
.BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb. ,;
Provisions.
. The week closed with no further .variation
In quotations. : Business Is still Inactive and
stocks ; are ample for all needs.-
ClIRED MEATS — Bacon, lO&c per Ib for
heavy, lOVic ' for light medium, I3c for light,
14c for extra. light and 14Vic for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Eellles.' lie: Eastern su
"ar-cured Hams - 12 to- 14 lbs, 12%c; 15 ' to
10 lbs, 12c: 17 to: 20 lbs. : 11 *4c: California
Hams, ll»ic; M«ss Beef, *KXfflO 50 per bbl:
extra Mess, $10 BOW 11: Family, $12@12 50:
prime. Mess Pork, $14 50: extra' clear, $22;
Mess. $10 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $5;
Smoked Beef. 14c. per lb. .
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6Vic per lb for
California compound, Tc'.for Eastern compound
and 9e for. pure; half-barrels, pure. 9%c; 10
lb tins. 9?4c: 5-lb tins. 0%c: 3-lb tins., 10c. .
• COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 8%c: thre*
half barrels. 8%c: one tl»rce. 8%c; two tierces,
8V4c; five tierces. 8%c ner.lb.
Hides. ; Taliqw. Wool : and Hops.
Hides and -Wool continue .well cleaned up
and firm,- while Hops are inactive and easy.
All quotations remain unchanged. :: < ■
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brandssell
about V>@l c under quotations'.' Heavy salted
Steer? lie; medium, 10c: -light. 0%®10e; Cow
Hides'- 015010c ■ for heavy -and l)%@10c- for
light: '-Stags. 7®7%c; Salted Kip. lOVic: Salted
Veal 11@11V'C: Salted Calf. U%«jl2%c; -dry
Hides, 17 V-@i*.c: dry .Kip. 15c: dry Calf, 20c^
fc-heef skins, shearlings. ■ 2G©40c each: -shor«-
Wool &)®75<* each; medium, 90ct?$l 10: long
Wool $1 2tH3'l- 7.": Horse -Hides, salt,' $3 for
large and ?2 60 for medium.. $15O®2 for small
and 50c for'Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 for
largo and $1 60 for. medium. $1 for small, 50c
for Colts. Buck ■f?kIns- : - Dry Mexican, 20c; dry.
salted Masican.', '2Be: dry Central American.
."0c: ; Goat Skln«i — I*rim6 . Angoras... 75c;' extra
large' do, .$1 25; large, 50c; 'medium. 35c; 1
sinall. 20c. : • -
TALLOW — No.' 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb:
No.-2,'S%c; Grease.'^%®3c-
WOOL— Fall cllrv— £an Jeaquln and South
ern, 9@llc: Southern, - 8®Dc; Southern: Moun-,
tain 9@llo: Middle .- Counties, free, . 12®14c:
do . detective. 10®12c; ; Northern free, 12s$14c;
do dofertive. UlOS'lSe; Humboidt and Mendo
clno, 16(gil8c per-lb.. ■ ■> : ' :■-.;;-; '■
HOPS— 190t crop. 25@30c per lb; 1906 -crop.
20c. i:: .,■ . - .:•' ■,;..- ■ : : .. - '-. h. ,'
Meat. Market.
Most descriptions * are "very "steady, there !
being no surplus ' of Beef.: Veal 1 or; Mutton " on
the market. , But , arrivals of Hogs have b«cn
larger ■ during the past week and they are
ehowlng . easiness. -■ .. . . : , t . •.
.DRESSED- MEATS. ) \ .
1 .Wholesale -rates from slaughterers to dealers
i are as follows: : : •...'•
V 1 BEEF — 0@7c . for ■ Steers . and 4 %@6c . per. lb
for ; Cows:- ■_. -■' "-^•'.i. : -^. ••■• '- - - .
VEAL— Large. 6%©0c: small.* S@9c per lb.
/; MUTTON— Wethers.- 7©8c: Ewes, 6%Q7%o
per Hi' *i Jffisffroillwr^igTMiTro
. LAMB— 8%©9»4c Der lb. ;
PORK-'Dressed, Hogs,, «%QS%c per lb...
, . • : , LIVESTOCIC ■ MARKET. . . ; i£_
■ '. The following quotations, are for, good.*, sound
Livestock delivered. in San Francisco, ' less 40®
45 I er cent shrinkage for Cattle: . ■ ;
.CATTLE-rSteers, 7U@7%c; Cows and. He If-:
ers," 6%©6%c; thin Cows, per lb. .
" GALVES — 4©4%c,per lb (gross weight).
' SHEEP— Wethers, 3%@3%c; Ewes, , 3<j?3V«C
per. lb (cross weight), -^-v j • -"
- LAMBS— $2 50<52 75 per head.
' HOGS— Live Hogs," 200 to 250 lbs, 4»;©4%e;'
130 to 200 lbs. &<Qb\ic; 60 to 130 lbs, 4%®4%c;'
soft . Hmcs, " not ; wanted : * Sows. : 20 . per cent , eft ;
Boars, ; 50 per cent off, and Stags, * 40 per cent
off from < t above ' quotations. . ;>
- General Merchandise.- .:«
i vBAGS-^-Graln ; Bags are .still higher- at 5%O
6%c3spot and? 6©6V»o« for *; next .year; .Wool
Bags. 30ig32c :*" Fleece '-Twine," 7 %c. « ■ t
- ■: COAL— Wellington.: $8 per- ton:' New -.Wel
lington, *»;, Seattle.. $6 50; Bryant, .. J6 50;-
Beaver Hill. '$3 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bar.
?o 50; Richmond. $S; Cumberland, 313 la bulk
and. $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14; Welsh "Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh
Lump. $U 50; Cannel, $0 per ton; Coke, $11 50
fcia per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $8 60 per short ton.
■ OILS— Quotations , are for barrels ; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, C3c per gallon for boiled and
53c for raw; Cantor OH. in cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' AA; cases, $1109112; Lucol.
50c for' boiled and 4Sc • for raw;
China Nut. cases, 65<3S0c per gallon; Cocoanut
Oil. in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 52c for
Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm Oil.
CSc; natural winter Sperm Oil, <Uc; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. C7c; natural WbaU
Oil.' 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 73e:
No. 1 Lard Oil, 650 ;- purs - Neatsfoot Oil, 73c;
No. -1 .Neatsfoot OIL 63c; Jlght Herring Oil.
t2c; dark Herring Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil, 34c;
boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw Fish Oil. 35c; belled
Pdlnt Oil, 83c; raw Paint Oil, 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White CoaJ Oil in bulk.
18c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%o; Astral. lUUc;
Star, 19%c; Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine, 2tJc;
Eocene. 21%c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, lt;c: In cases. 22 %c; Benzine, m bulk.
13c: in cases, 19%c; 80-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 25c; in cases, 31c. - '
"TURPENTINE — «5c per gallon In. cues and
69c In drums and iron barrels.
. RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7Y%9
7%c per 1b; White Load, 7&©7%c. according
to quantity. ' , * •-. "■•"
- SUOAR— The . Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per 1b. In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 0.25c:
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6,10c; Dry
Granulated,' fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarss.
6c: Fruit Granulated, -6c; Beet Granulated
(ICO-lb bags only), 5.90c; Confectioners* A. 6c;
Magnolia A, 6.C0c; Extra C." 5.50e: Golden C.
6.40c; '"D.". ; 5.30c: barrels, ,10c more: halt
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half Barrejs.
6,S0«r: boxes, 6.78c;. II. t E. Crystal Domlnos.
»a per 1b. - No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or its equivalent.
COFFEE—^". E. Bickford's circular gives
the receipts «t this port thus far this year at
216,751 bags, against 242. 74S bags during the
same time last year. .The sales from first
hands were 211.227 bags, against 244.300. Tha
stock in first hands December 1' was 25.402
bag*, against 23,505 bags last year. The
world's visible supply December 1 was 14,086.
798 bags, against 13,838.131 last year. The
circular says:
"7 he New York market has remained quite
stationary - during: . the . past . . month, to-day's
spot quotations being .exactly the same, as
quoted - In • our : last Issue. As expected.' the
world's visible supply decreased 264.000 bags
on the 1st lnst., and as consumption will ex
ceed receipts for some months to eome. still
further reductions In the visible supply are
in prospect. ' " -
"Conditions In this market are also practi
cally unchanged. Trading Is still confined to
coffees below 10c. and supplies of medium to
lower grades are very scant. • Business in the
higher ' grades is possible only when liberal
concessions can be had from former asking
prices and remaining stocks are rather unde
sirable either In green appearance or roast.
Small arrivals of new crop have met with
ready sale for the grades most In demand at
quite satisfactory prices. |
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 603
bags Costa Rica. 340 .Nicaragua. 3358 Salva
dor, 14,502 -Guatemala. 062 Mexican and 83S1
various: in all. 23,146 bags.
"Deliveries from - first hands ninee the .Bth
ult include: 728 bags Costa. Rica. 215 Nica
ragua 5330 Salvador. 10,173 Ouatemala, 209
Mexican and 2936 from other ports; in aU,
19,590 bags.
"Market closes quiet." i
' Costa Rica (nominal), stock 603 bags — 1S@
14c for strictly prime to fancy washed; 11 Hot
12%c for prime washed; 10%-SjUlc for good
washed: 11^12c for good to prime washed p*a
berry: 10@llc for good to crime peaberry; 10?*
lie for good to prime: 8%«?9%c for fair; 6%©
8c for common to ordinary.
Salvador, stock 3358 bags — I2#l3c for fancy
washed, nominal; ll@ll%e for strictly prime
washed <. nominal ; 10©10%c for good to prime
washed; 0®9%c for fair washed; 10@ltc foi
fair to prime washed peaberry; 9%'SlOc fot
good to prime semi-washed; 9ty©9\c for su
perior unwashed, nominal: 9c for good gre*n
unwashed, nominal; 9%@10c for good to su
perior unwashed peaberry; 6"S40Sc for Inferior
to ordlnarv.
Nicaragua (nominal),' stock 340 bags — 110
13c for prime to fancy washed; flHtHO^c for
fair to strictly good washed; R""i@9«4c for
good to superior unwashed; 9%@10c for good
to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala (stock 14,502 bags) and Mexican
(stock 962 bags) — 13@14c for fancy washed,
nominal- ll@12"^c for prime to strictly prime
washed nominal: 10%@10%e for strictly good
washed- 10@10Vie for good washed: 9V*fj9*ic
for fair washed; SQ8%e for medium: C@7%c
for inferior to ordinary; lOKfjJUMc for good
to prime washed peaberry; U%ffnCc for good
to prim* unwashed peaberry; 9<SW*<: for good
to superior unwashed.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER 10.
Flour qr eks...l0.104|Pelts. bdls 3.13
Wheat, ctls 4.974!Hides, No 533
Barley ctls .... 8,S99JLeather. rolls ... 173
Oats ctls 18' Beans, sks 1.044
Rye,' ctln ....... 117IPotatoes. sks 1.97S
Sugar, ctls ....* 1.200! Onions, sks 1.018
Brandy gals ... 3,O0OlBran, sks 3,757
Wine, gals 40, !»00l Middlings, sks .. 12S
Quicksilver, flsks . 32IHay. ..tons ICO
Raisins bxs* ... 7501 Hops bales 25
Paper "rolls..... 6?.4jWool. bales 147
Lime." bbls : 590|Feed. sks - 32
OREGON'.
Flour qr sks... 5,632|Onlons. sks 1,244
Oats." ctls 819 Feed, sks 178
Potatoes, sks . . . 6911 j
STOCK MARKET.
A Very Fair Saturday's Business, but
Few Fluctuations.
.For Saturday trading was very good on the
Stcck and Bond Exchange, but there were no
fluctuations of narticular imDortance. Hono
kaa Sugar was higher at $18, with $13 12% bid
at the close. There was something doing In
Alaska Packers at $94 62%®«3 25. and fifty
shares of Oceanic went at $5.
' There was nothing new In the oil stocks.
The mining shares were fairly active, with
Ohpir up to $3 50, but it closed lower.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
weqp S5.0S9 shares, valued at $22,957, the
leading sales being as follows: Associated
Oil. 18.409 shares: California Standard. .4000;
Four. 1300; Home. 11,455; Independence. 9000;
Junction. 2200; Occidental, 1000; OH City,
5S00; Claremont. 750.
Kx-dlvlden t yesterday : ■ MakaweU Sugar,
20c; Presidio & Ferries R. R., 20c, and an
extra one of 10c.
Dividends paid yesterday were: California
Wine Association.' a regular monthly . dividend
of CO cents. The Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company, a regular monthly of 15 cents. Tbe
GUtnt Powder Corr-pany, a' regular monthly of
50 . cents. ■ The Monte Crtsto • Oil Company, a
monthly of 1 cent, amounting to ' $5000.
The directors of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, have declared a semi-annual I dividend - of
3H per cent on the ' preferred stock. . ' -
The Pacific Transfer Company of San Fran
cisco has levied an assessment of $1 per share,*
delinquent January 9.
The Ean Francisco Union , Salt Conuanr of
Alameda County has levied an assessment of 3
cents per Pbare, delinquent January 7.
The. Apollo Oil Company will pay its first
dividend . of 1 ■ cent per. shire, amounting to
$2000. on December 20. The Four Oil Com
pany will pay a dividend of 2 cants cer share,
amounting to $3000,' against 1 cent, the former
rate, on December. 15. >-. *>. .,-■
The yield of the Qohlr mine last week
amounted to 12S mining carloads of ore. assay
ing $102 93 per ton. and 54 carloads assaying
$20 .".5 per ton. This 1 is the most valuable
weekly output in a long time.
The product of the Consolidated California
ami Virginia mine last week amounted to- 78
mining- cars of 'ore assaylne $10 83 per ton.
The California Oil Exchange, Tonopah Ki.
change and the San Francisco Stock and'Ex
change ' Board ' have decided to adjourn from
the cjose of business on Friday. . December 23.
until Tuesday morning, December 27. and from
Friday, December 30. until Tuesday. January
3, over the Christmas and New Year's holi
days'. 4)p*HMMljf 4W<***«P*?; < y-A'y *• Jh\*>^
-The followlnz •. have joined ■ the • Tonopah
Board: S. D. Landecker. R. H. Ren«botne. W.
G. Miles. F. W. - Marvin, ; George Hinkel and
H.~ Eppinger Jr. . j W nPtJ$Hr$3ammf9tngn
STOCK AXD J BOND EXCHANGE, n
SATURDAY, Dee. 10. 12 m
UNITED STATES \ BONDS.
Bid. Ask." - , Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lO»5%lC6H|4s qr cp new.131 131 Vi
4s qr ■reg/'..lD5%105%i3s"qr-coup — • — '. .
■y* MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6s.l20 —
Asao Oil 5s. 84 88 Do 5s .....113 —
Bay CPC 5s. — 103 Do con 5s.lOt%105
Cal' C G 5s. — .103 Oceanic S 5s. 72 — ;
Cal G A E g Om Cable 6s. — 124
m A ct 5s. 84% — Pac G Im 4s. — — !
Cal-st C os.114 — ; P;E,Ry 5s.. 103 10554
C C Wa.t 53. — 09 P & C H Cs.104 —
EdL A P «s. — > 126 ■ P * O R 6s. — —
F &'C II 63,114*1; — j Powell-st 6s.:— . — .
Geary-st 5s.. — 85 Sac EG£R5s.l00% —
H C&S 5%s.lO5 — SF, ft/SJV5>. — —
Do Bs ■'.'... 100% — SierraiR 6s.;— —
HonR T 6S.106U -.^ Pot A fti- ■
L A: Elec 08.10.1 : — (1909) '■'.. \\ .1O»U —
L A Ry 59..116H117 (1910) .T...110U — .
L A L Co 6s — — .SPofCfls
Do gtd 6s.— — (1006)Sr 'A.lOl'lOm
Do gtd 5e.lO2% — . (1905)Sr B. — 103"2
LAP lem &s. — ~r- I (19O8> ."....104% —
Mkt-st C 6s.U6 — (1912) .....114% —
--Do lem 5s.ll6 117HISPC 1 eg 5s. — —
MV& MtT5s.lO5 110- t Do stampd.lOS 1CS«
NRR of C6S.106H — '> |S PB R 6s.l.*M% —
-Do 5s .... '—|S V Wat 6s.lO4 %1C3
N'PjCR Ss.lOBH — J "j Do, 4s Jdm.lOO 100^
N,C Ry 8s.. — .:.— ■vr < Do:4t'3dm.-W- —
N C P, C 5s. — — f J)o g mtg4s 97% —
NS R R Bs. — ;iOO%tStkn G&Kfls. 91 —
OG^L&H.5s. — " 110- |U:O?* -E;5s.lO2% —
O W Btd 5». — >100-JITR of BF;4s. 87% -^
WB^SapH^H-' "WATgR - STOCKS.
Contra" Costa 25 — • I 1 " 1 —* : C!o«ta...< — - — '
Marin Co... V — r . S0%\3 iV Wat Co. 39 S9M
. GAS AND *SLECTRIC. ,
Cent tLA P.-SK ■■ 4 rjs F,O:* E. 55%8«
Mutual E L. — llHIStkn O A E. — •■• 5%
.Pao L Co... — WVilU.G &:B Co. — —
„..,.- „, .-., ... . ( fKSURANCHL
Flrem's Fnd.aiOj^— i
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nil Bk.. — 130 J.L, P A A 132 —
Anglo-Cal ..87 00 *Mer Trust.... — 23ft
Bank of Cal.42O 425 fMerch Ex....60' —
Cat Safe Dp.152 — iB F National — —
First Natlonl — — ~r >>
/ SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — ]Sav «t L So.. — 10»
Hum 3 A L. — — |Sec Sar Bk.. — 421
Mutual S-'av. — 100 ICnlon T Co.. — 330*
3 F Sav U.810 C73 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California -.197 — IPresldio — 41
Giant C2& 63 |V!«orit 8 4>4
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73Xj 74H!Makawell C. 32 33H
Honokaa 8 C 1SS 18%|Onom«t S C. 82 33
Hutch S P C 15 lS&lPaauhau S C 20% 21
KUauea S C. — 6 (
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 94«» — lOceanic S Co. 4H 5»i
Cal F C A. — 99H(Pac Aux FA. 4\» —
Cal Wine A. 79% — [Pac C Borx.-— 15T
M\& MtTm. 95 102 tPac S T«l C<f 107 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — -
10 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 05 25
B Alaska Packers' Association... 94 62^4
W Alaska Packers' AssoclaUon. . . 94 75
W> Cal Wln« Association s 90 79 S7>*
5 California Win* Association... 79 50
5 Giant Powder Con 82 00
275 Honokaa. 8 Co 18 00
60 MakaweU S3 60
20 Makawell. s 90 32 80 '
60 Oceanic 8 S Co 5 00
100 Faauhau S P Co, b 30 SI 0O
23 Paaunan 8 P Co 21 CO
10 Pacific Coast Borax 157 CO
50 S F Gas A Electric, s 90...... 55 50
200 Spring Valley Water Co 83 13*4
$4,000 Oceanic 8 S Co 5 per cent 72 50
$10,000 Pacific Electric Ry 0 per c«nt..lOo 0©
$20. COO Spring Val Wat Co «s. ■ 5 J04 »7TA
$16,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 T»
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Bid. Ask. | Bid. AJk.
Bay CPC Cs. — 100%|SF A XP 6sJH2U —
B L Wat 6s. — 114Vs S P C R 4s. — 101
C*l NW Bs.. — 114 fs P Co 4Us. 09%10OH
M C Wat 5s.lOO — |Son T«I 6s?..114Vfc —
Rls I Wkrts— 1C3 I. Do 6s 106 —
SF Drd* 6s. 112 — ISuttr-st R Ss.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCK3.
Ala S Co... 23 — | Mat Nav Co. 70 —
Aroer Bis Co— »0 fNev Nat Bk.200 '207U
CsJ Cot Mils 80 — IN Cal P Co. — ft?
Cal G&ECor. 50 51 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
C Jockey C1.11O — |oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Powder ..130 145 HOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 lOrpheum Co. — 1«U
CalTIftT- 153 PkC Cas Cte.123 —
Cen Bk. Oak 60 67% Pac Sur Co.. 105 —
Chutes Co . . 5 V « Paraf Paint.. 39 —
City A C Bk — 120 ISP Drydock. — 6S
Cyp L Imp.. 0 8%lSF4SJ Coal. 17U 29
East Dynm.. — 375 S J Wat Co.lOSH —
FN Bk Oak.120 — |SO A MTgbt.125 -
£f? h «\ ™*- rr m'Swiss-A B*..i2o —
Frnch-A Bk-IM — Truck Elect.. — 12U
Hono P Co.. 28H 31HIUR InC pfd. rt* «8U
r K? 1 .^.- ? 9 81 ' I» e«a ... IT —
Lon& ST Bk. 53 — |
SALBS. .
Morning Session.
100 Gas Consumers' Ain.. ........H Of
California Stock and OQ Ezchanse.
Oil Stocks- Bid. Aslwd.
Apollo 35 40
Associated Oil Trust C«rt... 24
Forty 40 ~"
Four ? 37
"a°f°rd ; 806"b6
Home 40 4O
Illinois Crude 70
Imperial I9 60
Independence 31 jj
Kern 450 ....
Kern (new) go
Monarch trf Arizona 27 ....
Monte Crtsto 75 "77X4
Occidental of "W. Va 08 09
Oil City Petroleum «H ea
Reed Crode 2 06 2 25
Section Seven 100
Sovereign 30 .11
Sterling 2 30
Superior 07 ....
Thirty-Three 8 00 8 25
Twenty-Eight 12 00
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater I 24
Morning Session.
C055 Home , «*
10O Oil City Petroleum tt
Minine Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
clsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
200 Alpha. 101 ICO Savage 25
200 Belcher 23 10O Savage 2«
70O Chollar 151 90O Scorpion 1O
400 Con Cal & V.I 85i SCO Sierra Nev.... SI
10O Confidence ... 90; l«0 Union Con.... 61
600 Hale A Nore.1 15 100 Union Con.... 62
10O Ophlr 3 CO! 1C0 Utah 08
100 Ophlr 3 40t
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 10 Hi Julia 07 OO
Alta >05 O»J|Justice 08 10
Andes 21 2-' Kentuck ' 03 03
Belcher 22 -'■'•: Lady Wash ..02 OS
B«st A Belch.1 10 1 15 Mexican 1 2S 1 3O
Bullion 20 22 Occidental ... 79 00
Caledonia..... 43 44!Ophlr 3 3.1 3 4>'f
Challenge ... 13 15i0verman .10^11
Chollar 13 16 Potosi 17 19
Confidence-:.. 88 91 1 Scorpion 10 it
Con Cal * V.I 80 1 85!Savage ........ 21 29
Con Imperial. 01 021 Seg Belcher... Oft c«
Con NT 03 05! Sierra Xer.... SO 51
Crown Point.. 15 17 Silver Hill.... 61 «2
Eureka Con.. — 50|St. Louis .... — OT
Exchequer ... 41 44' Syndicate 1* 15
K. Sierra Nev OR 08! Union Con.-... «t 62
Gould A Cur. 23 2»il't*h 07 09
Hale A Norc.l 15 1 20!Yellow Jacket. 13 IT
TOXOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCK*
Morning 8esslon.
500 Bias Bull ... 221 25S3 Jumbo Ex ... «
SCO Cent Eureka. 1 60' 100O Kendall M
1000 Diamondfl>!d. 271 SCO Red Top "17
400 Jumbo 621 10O Mont Ton-.-l «7ti
600 Jumbo 53I2C00 Ton Gold Mt. H
45S3 Jumbo Ex ... 20! 100 Ton N Star... XX
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah. *
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Ton of Ner..» 62 9 87jResetie 06 0«
Mont Ton ...1 65 1 70 Ton A Cal 13 1«
Ton Exten . .2 30 — (Ray A O'Brien — 0«
MacNamara . 20 21lPaymaster ... 03 04
Ton Midway.. 34 35IM!zpan Ex ... OB —
Ton Bclmont.. 71 73! Little Ton ... fti —
Ton N Star. .. 20 23IEspermnx* .... 01 .49
Ton Ohio .... 20 "23iGol<J Anchor.. — " 20
West End ... 13 15!N T Ton Cob. — 13
Ton. Gold Mt. — 17} .
GoIdfleUL .
Sandstorm ... 32 — tOoldfleld H 65
Red Top 16 17!KendaJl 23 f 25
Gotdfleld Mhk -17 — | Black Butt*.. 23 —
Columbia .... 20 — Booth O M C» .— 13
Dlamondfleld. 25 — | Adams 10 —
Jumbo.. 63 84 ! Silver Ptcfc ... — W
Jumbo TEx .. 2O 21|Nevada Boy... 18 —
Vernal Mln. . . 11 13 Orl« Bullfrog. IS IS
TONOPAH MINING EXCHAXGSL
Following were the sales on th« San Fr«r»
dsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday*
Morning Session.
1000 Austin G M. 30| 400 Mont Ton...l C-i
500 Black Ants .. 05! COO Mont Ton . ..1 60
3000 Bullfrog Mln. 681 200 N Y Ton Con. 13
600 Bullfrog Mln. 59 ! 33<X) Red Top 10
600 Dixie Min ...- 2Oj 400 Sandstorm ... 33
200 Goldfleld Mtn. 63! 10O Sandstorm ... 34
KiOn Goldfleld S Pk 16' 30O Toa Balmoat.. 75
100 Jumbo ....... 64 j 2D0 Ton Exten . .t 4.1
200 Jumbo 53! 200 Ton Midway.. S3
3200 Jumbo Ex .. 2H100O Ton Midway.. 54
1C0O MacNamara - 20| 100 Vernal Mln ..II
200 Mont Ton ...1 65!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.l^BB3 Bid. Ask.
Adams 10 — iMont Ton..l 62% —
Austin O M.. 2» — t.Nev Goldfleld. 10 —
Black Ants .. — *5IX Y.Ton Con. 11 —
Blue Bull M. 22 — (Paymaster ... 08 04)
Bullfrog Mln. 66 — IPIn« Grove .. 10 —
Columbia .... 21 — I Ray Exten .. — 10
EsDeranxa ... 01 02: Ray A O'Brien 04 09
Free Gold M. 15 — {.Red Toy 15 17
GoldneJd B Bl — 07 .Rescue C« 07
Goldfleld BAB — 15. Roth-well OM, 10 —
Goldfleld Min. 62 64! Sandstorm ... It M
Goldfleld Mhk — 20' South W M Co «O 1 0O
Gldfld R»d L — oOiTon Belmont.. 75' 7S
Goldfleld 9 Pk 17 IS Ton Cash Bey. — 1J»
GoKfleld Ton. — 10! Ton Exten -.2 80 2 50
Gold Mt Con.' — ©UTon * Gt W. — «l
Hazel Kirk .. - 12!Ton Gold ttt. 1« 17
Jim Butler .. 51 — i^n Midway.. 34 35
Jumbo B2 •" • Toa of Nev. .9 67% —
Jumbo Ex .. 20- 21|Ton N Star... 20 -M
Little Ton .'. 28 40{Ton Superior. . 02 —
Lucky Bldwn ■—?■ 09|United Ton ..•—;. 13
Lucky .Tom .. — Sn^t 0 *^ £^>— 77 U
MacNamara, . 1» MlVenal Mfn .. 11 —
Mlznah Ex .. 08 — < * - _ _j -
ADVEKTISEMEVTS.
GQLDFIEip
TjTOCK LISTED BYJHE
?TtiEBfGB0A2$4OUtZJZ* A
?.*jrMl TRANSACT!*?***
I list i» mmydd^tm.
2526
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r * .- ' ~ J ifi5-|O7"lO9 POST oT^^__^^^ MM^Mpifl6»»"Um^jj^j3fc^j^^^
HANDSOME AHD USEFUL HOLIDAY GIFTS AT LOWEST PRICeT
SUITS, WAISTS, JACKETS. HOLIDAY SUGGESTIONS,
HoIi^^P—W- in - ra d y - SS^So^S^^i.
to-wear department at greatly re- $1.00
dnce\i priees. CROCHET SHAWLS^- Hand
crochet umbrella shawls, -wide
TAILORED SUITS — SILK sweep ......:............ .$2.OO
SUITS — Velvet Suits — Sunburst WOOL SHAWLS— Extra size,
Suits and Sicilian Suits— Values uo aU woo j f ancy borders, all colors
to $32.50; all at one price^^lO.oO
VOILE SKIRTS, silk pror>— CROCHET SKIRTS — Ladies' 1
S17.W values, black only. .$13.75 hand crochet skirts, extra long,
$25.00 values, black only. .$19.50 eac h $2.2o
COVERT JACKETS— $15.00 val- LINEN SCARF — Pure linen
ues, reduced for quick selling drawn work all around, stamped
$11.73 on each end, 18x72 inches. Special,
"each 7Oc
TOURIST COATS— Tans and tjattptcrfrt SPARF— Hand-
Wnres, $.000 values, while thej ™™£g&
last $14.50 Iincncenter> 2OxS4t cac h7...?2.5O
SHIRT • WAISTS— Alpaca, Alba- TOILET SETS— Swiss, %vith dots
tros* and cashmere, $3.50 values and str i pes lined with colors,
— special ..$2.O5 coin p lete $1.OO
FANCY WAISTS— Taffeta and SILK MUFFLERS— Surah silk,
Japanese silk, 57.50 values— special beautiful embroidered designs on
.._ ?....:.. $4.85 cn ds $2.50
SILK MUFFLERS— All Surah
silk, i$£ yards long, stamped free
DRESS GOODS FOR CHRISTMAS
A tentiMe and serviceable pres- KERCHIEFS— Neat embroidered
ent, for any lady cannot have too initial in colors, 3 in box, per box
many waists. These consist of j 19c
waist •patterns P«t up in neat boxes, LADIES - INITIAL HANDKER-
tied with daintily colored ribbons. C HIEFS-Pure linen, 6 in a box
REGULAR $3.00 WAIST PAT- $1.OO
TERNS— Of silk Lansdown, mcr- GENTS' INITIAL HANDKER-
cerired Oxford cheviots, embroid- CHIEFS — Pure linen, 6 in a box
ered alpaca, silk and wool plaids, $1.5O
and silk stripe novelty waistings, LADIES ' WALRUS BAGS : -~
entOT pattern in Christmas box .^4 brown> bIack> reguIar $25O
.....$i.»o value spccial $1.00
REGULAR $1.50 WAIST PAT- MISSES' WALRUS BAGS —
TERNS — French challie, silk Black and brown only, with in-
stnpe Batiste, fancy Oxford and side purse 35c
basket weaves, in fancy Christmas FANCY PIN CUSHIONS— With
boxes $1.OO hand-painted centers and lace ruf-
EXTRA * SPECIAL— 85c iron- Jj"*. cardinal-, light blue, pinkjmd
frame Sicilian, for separate skirts Nile, each _ . . oOc
and shirt waist suits, extra heaw KID GLOVES— Our famous Co-
quality, 52-inch, all colors and lumbia kid gloves now in stock,
black, silk sunshine finish, per all colors, all sizes, in fancy boxes,
yard 49c P cr P air $1.OO
J ' KID GLOVES— The best glove
made, "Peerless." We guarantee
nuDicT&iie ciivo and fit cvcry pain In -t ancy
CHRISTMAS SILKS. boxes, per pair $1.50
23-INCH JAPANESE SILK— I OUR GLOVE AND MER-
Heavy quality, for fancy work, all CHANDISE ORDERS are a
colors, the 50c kind, per yard.--39c great success as a Christmas
DRESDEN SILKS— Pretty for Present, as they are good in
suits, waists and opera baes. a ? ny department and at any
great value, per yard $1.00 " mg - '-< '■
FREE EMBROIDERY LESSONS Tuesdays 'and Fridays from 9
a. m. till 12 m. Wednesdays and Thursdays from 1 p. m. till 4
p. m. Expert teacher.
STAMPING DONE FREE on all materials purchased here. We
call particular attention to our stock of embroidery materials, wool,
yarns, silk and linen, Battenberg braid, silk cords, hoops, Battenberg
patterns, etc. MAIL ORDERS FILLED same day as received.
To Guard Five Little Crows.
Mrs. Mary B. Mudgett of Berkeley,
grandmother of the five little Crows,
children of Ida and Richard W. Crow,
yesterday petitioned the Superior
Court for letters of guardianship over
them. The oldest of the infants Is 10
years and the youngest . 1 year and
their names are Ruth, Thomas, Alice,
Emmett an& Gladys. The last named
Is in the San Francisco Foundling Asy
lum, three are with the Ladies" Pro
tective and Relief Society and the fifth
is with the grandmother. The peti
tioner declares that the mother of the
children is a professional beggar and
teaches the children to beg and steal.
She leads a nomadic life, it is said,
and lives in Jails and almshouses. At
present she is said to be in Placer
County. The father agrees to the
grandmother's guardianship.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m ilS J Tkk is all you need to buy all your
|B CHRISTMAS
T'H FURNITURE
If I!!!!! itj ls certfl" 1^ easy. Call in and look
H WvSffl — over our superb line.
P5K-5-t« tf* *9 ff Worth of Puralture ana Carpets for $7.50
ti*jv^ £ Cash- and- 8X.60 per week — We stake a
f/l<B3 ' -S* * yf.i: fvTpty^frefKh?" 11 * 1111^ PUt " Complet «-
||»|sgll L OTTSTEKJffS ALSO APPLY TO OAX&AXTD. AJiAMEDA.
MMik a2X BERKELEY AITO ALL STTBirBBS AKTO TOWNS
** $1 PER WEEK OPENS AN ACCOUNT
Complete Souse rnrnisfcer«- ; oriat«. Hotels, Country - Home*. Estimates
Cheerfully Qlvea.
V£LOUX COUCH — Holl edge; strong
wood base; carved legs. Special BOCa&a MATTEESS-On legs like
W Extension Table
SoUd oak— highly polished-
fluted legs. Regular $15.50.
Spedal :;:::.:;:: $ 12 i<?0
1 dnwh and $1 a
•4* A wWll \JVAo1r
338-342 PQSJ'SI. "OH THE SQUARE'S
Anastasia Caliill's Will.
In compliance with the demand of
the administrators of. the Patrick Ca
hill estate. Kate Gwen yesterday filed
the will of Anastasia Cahlll, who died
in August. Mrs. Gwen is named as
executrix fn the testament. It leaves
$100 to Father P. Cummins. $200 each
to two nieces and a nephew and the
residue to Kate Gwen, who is In
structed to pay $25 a month to the
testatrix's mother and sister in Moon
Coyne, Kilkenny, Ireland, and $10 a
month to an aunt at the same place.
The petitioners for the filing of the
will claimed that Anastasia Cahill was
lr.debted to the Patrick Cahill estate.
An old bachelor can never understand
why a young father should feel proud
of the fact that the baby looks like
him.
THE SAN^ ?FRANGISGO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER' 11; 1904:
PRODUCE MEN
WIN AND LOSE
Judge Sloss BeUeYes Com
bination Is Not in Viola
tion of Woodward Law
INJUNCTION IS DENIED
Court Holds It Cannot Go
Into ■ Evidence on Which
the Permits Were Revoked
i Judge Sloss yesterday overruled the
demurrer of the Harbor Commissioners
to the complaint of. four, produce com
mission firms whose permits had been
revoked by the board, but he dis
charged the order- to show cause why
the board should not be enjoined from
interfering with the dealers' business on
the wharves. The harbor officials get
ten days in which to answer the com
plaint.
The litigation arose over the action
of the Harbpr Board in revoking the
permits of Schultz, Hanson & Co.. G. B.
Olcese Company, Jonas, Erlanger, Da
vis Company and Webster & Dunbar.
The firms were charged with violating
the Woodward act and a rule of the
board providing that the dealers, on
demand, should sell potatoes in ten
sack lots and onions In five-sack lots.
The dealers entered into an agreement
in writing to buy and sell in not less
than fifty-sack lots of potatoes and
twenty-flve-sack lots of onions. •
Judge Sloss held that the agreement
between the dealers provided that
smaller lots might be sold at propor
tionately higher prices and therefore it
only fixed a minimum lot to which
wholesale prices would apply and was
not in violation of the Woodward law.
It would be an unreasonable construc
tion of the law, he said, tc? hold that it
imposes on dealers who hold permits
to trade on the wharves a duty to sell
at retail as low "as they sell at whole
sale. On the face of the complaint, said
the court, the charge against the deal
ers did not constitute a violation of the
terms of the permit and furnished no
Justification for revocation of the per
mits.
In dealing with the question of the
injunction, Judge Sloss found that
there were other consideraticms. The
affidavit of John M. Foy, secretary of
the board, set forth that the dealers
had been accused of entering into a
conspiracy and the accusation did not
refer to the agreement which the plain
tiffs offered in court, relating to lots
and prices. The accusation was only
that the dealers had agreed not to buy
from or sell to certain parties in less
than fifty and twenty-five sack lots.
This charge was heard by the board
and determined adversely to the deal
ers and their permits were revoked. In
the absence of any claim that the board
had acted fraudulently, capriciously or
arbitrarily, the court would not con
sider the evidence before the board on
that hearing. The permits wjere re
voked on the charge that the Wood
ward act had been violated and there
was no ground for an injunction.
TWO MOKE SUITS AGAINST
GET-RICH-QUICK CONCERNS
Hobson Charges Companies With
Fraud and Their Directors With
Misapplying: the Funds.
H.' P. Hobson and a number of hold
ers of get-rich-quick contracts yester
day presented another package of liti
gation to three concerns operating in
this city. ,The suits filed are like the
many others in which Hobson has
been the leading plaintiff, alleging
fraudulent business, misapplication of
funds received and attempting to
transfer assets. In each case a re
ceiver is asked for, an injunction to
prevent the removal of the books and
assets and the return of the money
paid by the contract purchasers.
One of the actions is against W. C.
Wilson, A. Marcus, C. W. Mottwiler
and the Pacific Coast Mercantile Com
pany and the Producers' Mercantile
Company, which, it is said, was or
ganized to take over the assets of the
first concern. It Is charged that more
than 800 "two-for-one" contracts have
been sold, upon which more: than
$2i>,000 has been paid, and of this sum
it is alleged the members of the com
pany have appropriated to their -own
use more than $21,000. The second
suit, by Hobson and C. K Goessell,
holders of assigned contracts, is
against the Metropolitan Mercantile
Company, Charles Leonhardt Jr.,
Charles S. Jacobs, Ray N. ; Knight,
Charles P. Haag and Josephine Rosen
thai. This concern is said to have sold
more than 1000 contracts and re
ceived $25,000, of which $15,000, has
been misapplied under the guise of
"expense."
TAKE STEPS TO UPBUILD
HEALTH LABORATORY WORK
Officials and ■ University Professors
Discuss Methods to Achieve More
Advanced Results."
A conference was held yesterday, in
the Health Office on the subject of
upbuilding the , laboratories of the
Health Department. There were pres
ent Professor Stillman of , . Stanford
University and Professors Rising and
Ward of the University of California,
with Dr. J. W. Ward, president of the
Board of Health; Drs. Joseph F. Po
hfcim, W. A. Harvey and J. V. Hughes,'
members of the board; . Health Officer
D. F. Ragan, Bacteriologist F. A. Can
ney and Superintendent A.; C. Bothe of
the Pude Food Department. .
The discussion developed ideas that
the- present board intends putting, into
execution within the next few. months.
Another conference will , be ; held < and
in' the meantime Dr. Ward has issued
orders for more advanced'. work-in the
laboratories. A- lack of funds prevents:
better work being done, but it is hoped
that next year.-the; Supervisors' will
make a> larger appropriation.' - 1 ■ *
Patterson Is Re-elected.
The Scottish Thistle Club has re
elected George W.- Patterson as' 'royal
chief. Other officers' were named as
follows: George"- Dow, -chief tain;: Alex
ander and' E.Carlisle, recorder; George
W. Miller,^ treasurer; ' M., S.'Morrison,
financial ; secretary;- : David .Girdwood;
sergeant at; arms; Rollin L.", Rintoul,
property man;., John 1 ; Ross, JohnrDon
aldson and: J. .W. Davidson, 'trustees;
At the same -■ meeting . " arrangements
were made v for the hogmanay supper
and ball at Lyric Hall- on" Decem
ber 31. . :. ;
Game Law Violators Caught.
Justice of the . Peace Chambers* of
Los Angeles has j fined f ' Paul'; Mueller
$25 for selling. quail; in^violatioriYof the
game ; laws.; * D^:F.vMartin?of:!San^Ra
fael ' hag 'been arrested' by,*a fdeputy; of
the Fish : Commission ( for violating, the
bag : limit on ducks.";! .J.^Matteo.'i a local
fish dealer, . has been' arrested 3 for, ship
ping ■ bass under; the '.weight' prescribed
by i law.",?- ' - BRBsSnSfiBSSHSfl
I I nvFN At the Big, Busy, Kcarny-Strect Store o! Raphael's I
I evenings The Sort, of Holiday Gifts Men Like I
1 BEGINNING , ' A i. *f% • to ff% • <: §
§ -j mon^y. At* Special Prices I
- M^^^ Tf^^^ .Inadditiontothis |-^ RohgS 5
I- &&gr '^"^M things in Jackets — $10.00 grade at $7.00 *
I SfcJ*^ /<S ~$ *^^^^^S^?^ entirely new and $15.00 grade at $9.00 « !
I f^0^^^%^^S^m.^ novel idsas> at -5 7 - 50 » $20 - 00 grade at * • • -$ 12 - 50 1 1
« $ 8 * 50 » $10-00, $12.00, J hese re P resent the , smartest |,
• " ' y * ** v&fjwdr* yij»vv <x 1 1 l* 1"^ ±\J sliowin^ 1 * some vcrv smurt r*obcs * ►
-£ " $50.00. at $5.00, $6.00 and $7.00. <
1 ' ■.".'.■,"' V- ."^f ■ _^ ' / '
\\ \) - ; : -*^irf8^' IT-VATliTIO' Holiday Suspender Nio*ht
» i^^M I H E feMil ™ an " We have somc - f\ '^x^vvj will be .. <5UC J
i l^^^^ r^^^^BSp^^^^^2i| white silk. ■/ The $2.00 Consistint: *o?T^S8^Sr of The $1.00° pride fi
§ V ''^^W^^^^^ !^^mmW' 3>I.DU ■ leather fasten- \ W' WI , t , h or Wltho «t ]■
5 *■'■■■: :''fWOrt&M0~ '' : '* !i %# ......... -1- in K s, elastic . I- ■■: ' collars, cut 60 < >
§ •vV^^*^\W*^t^^8P^- Som « smart novelties backs. Colors that are entirely inches lonsc and tf
3 "^^WiKw^ the swa RK er shops new— packed in a very attractive full m width. Spe- ;
6 "*^P^^^. of London— $2.50, $3.00, box. Would be good value cialat... 7C-
; : • 9 . • •• • j^^:>^ ••. _; ■ $4XK) and $5.00. at $1. Special at *^\/w •• • *^v •,
g Holiday Ideas in Neckwear Men's Glove Special) FflllCV VCStS
I ' The most attractive scarf s . ,we - have ever . •• dP«P
Jf". placed - before the - public, ■• embraclnt ■■ the '.. very , • _; . • Some real swagger ideas laVMti for men. which arrived •W
; 5> latest ideas and the very : newest weaves and : A SPBCIAli at our Glove Counter Saturday night by express, special for our Holiday show* &
j£ colorlngs,-in the shape you seeln the picture; Monday .will ■ consist or fifty dozen Jl.50 ing. The most swagger things you hav» ever laid your ' *&
M ' also In -four-in-hands. -Goods < that are actual . " . Walking Gloves. All sizes In light and eyea on .- They are going to be specially priced, some at 5
» ' $1.00 values. -Will -be sold C/^Jl dark tans. .The . $1.80 G» 1 *^/\k 91^O. some at *2.OO. some at «2U5O and many *t «
ff ning Monday in our Neckwear Sec-. /JiJJf: grade will be on sale rl| H m^%J They are the smartest thins* o£ the day, both la shades -T
,-■"• ■•.:. tlon at :...................... yf^^f at .................Pair *T . " • m "^* and cut. v <S
I Handkerchief Specials Fancy Shirts for Men Boston Silk Garters «
' -SPECIAL. No. 1— Tnil: consist of 100 doxen - Soin « real , Frenchy. ideas, that we were not , _
Fancy Handkerchiefs,: also; plain "white— worth % * gcing to show until spring, but will show these TRoetnn SUt fiart#»r« -ari*U ♦!.-. i a
25c eacn which we will, sell at: 12 %c each. Shirts for t Monday. - They represent - the ■ very tfOStOn illK Uarters With the Velvet ,
I or 75c for half dozen.::.-. . - r . latest ideas., both- In color; and style, with • ,-j _ji t j, e ] a » e ,* ; mr , nw ,_. Bt .
'SPECIAI; NO.: 2-In Men's Handkerchiefs- cuffs ■ attached or detached, pleated or. plain " g"p ana ail IQC latest
i f>0 dozen genuine ; real linen. 1 -, hemstitched bor- '-' bosom, ; stiff and > soft bosom. Some two They are 5OC everywhere t"
' der. with or 'without initial.-^ half dozen in - hundred - dozen of^ these | « ft * * m . j>\ncic. 3^f% i
box— «i.4O the box. v .... *. - • that .. should be, $1.50 • win .zf* I I \1 Every color imaginable at. . mf*J\* i '
; , . , ' :-■.-■■••'■ ■ -■--■' -■•■'^ • ■ ■•■" ■'■'■■:' - -■' .- :■'- . :.* ■ ' 1 ..,.. be. .~. ;.... ..;;. ... . ...7.. .; .^ "*,*'*» . . ■ ■ - ■ ■ ■ ■ ■- ■: ■ % '
Our Store's Fuil of (/^ \ Leather Goods, Dress \
IVetty Suggestions " Suit ' Cases> Hand g
g for Men. uhionsqiureave^^^ as Men would like.
&S±9j4^' ' ' ' ' : ' ■ ' : ' ■ ■ ' ''"■ •"•" -■■- /BK »^S
ay atwwx^y ■ - •- - ■ ■■:.■;• • .. . .- .-• - •- ..•'^- ; *, ■..-,-•...-■ -'-^ -. <Mf . .-••■-.■ • .. BdMBs^iiMg^^iT' -
j^', ■ , - .-;■ " '. . " .-. -- ■ '■-'... ■- ■ . • ' • ; • > ••
NEW ADVERTISE3£ENTS.THIS TTEATHEH.
Forecast mad* at Saa Fr&aeUc* far
thirty hocra. eadlar ml&slrht. Decem
ber lit
Eaa Frandaoo and rteialty — Oouiy
eu&Oxy, probably rala; trtah. sooth
winds, becoming h'.ffe.
VOLUME XGVn—NO. Ill
QUEEN OF FORGERS
BEGINS HER REMARKABLE CRIMINAL CAREER
WHILE SHE IS STILL A COUNTRY SCHOOLGIRl
Cassie Chadwick's
History Strangest
of Life's Dramas
THRIVES ON DUPLICITY
Vast Wealth Won Through Her
Power to Bend Strong
Minds.
Special Dispatch to The CalL *
NEW YORK, Dec 10.— As a result of investigations carried on through a
large corps of correspondents throughout the United States, The Call is en
abled to present a connected history of the life of Mrs. Cassie L. .Chadwick.
To give In detail the story of her career would require volumes. The revela
tions made show her to have been one of the most remarkable women .the
world has ever known — one who numbered among her dupes some of the
foremost men of the nation and who since childhood has thrived upon du-*
plicity.
Daniel Bigley In the early '50*s lived on a small farm at Eastwood, province
of Ontario. He was poor and .had a large family-height children in all, and
the fifth was a daughter, born'in 1857 and christened Elizabeth, but knovrn to.
the other members of the family as "Betty."
"Betty" Bigley was never a particularly beautiful girl, and from early
years suffered slightly from deafness. She also spoke with a lisp. J She was
bright— very bright. At school she was easily the leader in her classes, but
she was not popular. "Betty!' Bigley was - always strange— "peculiar," her
schoolmates declared. She had a positive mania for fine clothing, finer than
her father could give her, and for jewelry. She was not like other girls.
Once she went to a barber shop and had her long hair cropped short and
actually donned boys' clothing. She was always scheming, they said, to ob
tain something for nothing. She carried cards which set forth that she was
"Miss Bigley, heiress to 515,000."
STSAXGE POWER OVER MEX IS MANIFESTED. \
Even then her power over men was manifest. She obtained credit from
the merchants of Woodstock, about eight miles from her home, and one day
she obtained $250 on a note alleged to have been signed by_a' wealthy farmer
of Brantsford. When that note came due she took It up with another note,
purported to have been signed by Richard Kip of Woodstock^ When this note
came due there was no money to pay it. and 'the girl, in .-.November, 1879,
■was arrested for forgery. The defense was Insanity, and in' the trial many
witnesses were found to come forward with testimony as to her oddness and
eccentricity. She was acquitted.
She afterward repeated her swindling operations in Cleveland, Ohio, while ,
at the home of her married sister, who had taken her with the intention of
trying to effect a reformation. Jewels, gowns and dresses soon became hers..
When her personal credit -ran out she coolly took her sister's name and.be-.
gan to get more, money by giving chattel mortgages on the Campbell house
hold goods. Campbell was well to do, and she was enabled to run large ac
counts at dry goods stores. ■ . .
In Cleveland in 18S0 she married Dr. W. Springstein, after .pretending
che was heiress to a. large estate In Cleveland. On the wedding night the
bridegroom had the disagreeable experience of seeing a regiment ■ of
stallment *nen descend upon the place and take away not only the trous
seau of the bride and much of her furniture, but even, valuable wedding
presents that she was supposed to have received from wealthy relatives in
• Ireland. That ended the Springstein romance, and the physician left her.-
Within a day the Campbell chattel mortgages became known, and the
sisters parted. Mrs. Springstein brought suit for separation against her
husband and lost it. He subsequently obtained a divorce.'
RICH BUSINESS MEN VICTIMIZED.
Mrs. Springstein left Cleveland soon after that and began to travel
about the country. Her power of fascination, it is said, increased. For
more than a year Lydia Clingan, Lylle Clingan or Lylie Bagley was heard
• about all throughout the country as heiress to an estate abroad.
Mrs. Alire Bestado. clairvoyant, appeared in an expensive suite of of
fices of the Crocker block, Cleveland, in 1883. Her offices speedily became
a meeting place for many men. some of them well known in the business
world. Then began the usual campaign against money lenders and mer
chants. She lived expensively and her Jewels were the admiration of the
Another year saw a Mrs. Scott living in another section of the town,
but a clairvoyant and recognized as Mrs. Bestado. Mrs. Clingan soon aft>
erward took other apartments, and so did Mrs. Bagley, when creditors be
came importunate; and, last of all. was Mrs. C. L. Hoover.
"Mrs. Hoover" was the last name to be used fn Cleveland in the eight
ies, and to the sisters and family in Cleveland, as well as in Canada word
went that C. L. Hoover, an aged and wealthy man. had married her, only
to die soon afterward. There was a son. He is her only child .
Cleveland became too warm in 1S88, and that saw the disappearance of
Mrs. Hoover and the reappearance of Mme. de Vere. clairvoyant, in Toledo
Mme. de Vere's career stands out boldly and ends with a sentence to the
pentitentiary for forgery, but hardly a day passes now that some new inci
dent does not come out. Privately she was a clairvoyant, foreseeing, the fu
ture, but beyond that she was many things. Chiefly she was an heiress to a
great estate in England, tied up by litigation, and driven to make a"liveli
hood. A grocer named King believed In this and gave her money
Another man, whom the police could not tell about once gave her- $20 000 in
negotiable securities for the same purpose, and only because they accident
ally learned of this was the property recovered by the police. ' ■ r
BLACKMAIL LEVIED UPON HER DUPES.
Mme. de Vere had several assistants In her clairvoyant parlors— youne
women. There are reports that some prominent Ohioans had preferred to pal
considerable money rather than have the fact of their visits become known to
their friends. There were at least two divorces in Cleveland In which Mme
' medTb^oad.^ having had a hand, and one-of .the-men faa^BiScV
It all culminated with the Lamp incident, for which Madame de Vere was
convicted of obtaining money under, false pretenses. . She was sentenced S
nine and a half years' imprisonment in the. Ohio penitentiary She h «d
served three and one-half years when .she was paroled by Governor McKin-
It was not until 1897 that the Chadwick end of the case develoDed ' In
Cleveland at the time lived a middle-aged physician nS w
Shlppen Chadwick. father had been a wealth? man and left™* soniSd
estate^ among which was a fine home on Euclid avenue, at Genesle street
Dr.. Chadwick was a widower and the father of a daughter He wk- ™V
strong, being a Eufferer from an injury to his leg. He called on the masseus*
, for professional treatment. It was not so long thereafter that Mrs Hoover
became Mrs. Chadwick, and the stage was set for the larger flnanciklooerl!
Uons. that have just culminated in the arrest in this city " u » ncia » opera-
LOS ANGELES. Dec 10,-It Is believed that Mrs. Cassie L. Chadwick
. once-operated in Los Angeles as a clairvoyant. - Madame Devere, a clairvo v
ant came here from Toledo in the latter part of the '80's. set up In busing,
and practiced her vocation for several winters. Little was known of her wf
excepting that she seemed successful and prosperous. • " ner-nere
Full Text of the Carnegie
Trust Compact Revealed
CLEVELAND, Dec 10. — The
feature of to-day's developments In
the financial transactions of Mrs.
Cassie L. Chadwick was the disclosure
that she had In her possession, di
rectly and indirectly, alleged securities
to the amount of nearly 914,000,000.
These all bear the name of Andrew
Carnegie and are as follows:
Note held by Citizens' National
Bank of Oberlin. $500,000.
Note held by . Citizens' National
Bank of Oberlin. $250,000.
Note admitted to exist' by President
Beckwith. S500.000.
Note held by Iri Reynolds,*$5,000,
000.
Certificates of trusteeship for securi
ties held by Reynolds, J 7,500.000.
Total/ $ 13,750,000. *
With this backing Mrs. Chadwick was
The San Francisco Call.
A. G. MfrATw™,
District Forecast*
enabled to obtain large loans during the
last tjvo or three years, ' most of which
were repaid, however. The only finan
cial institution that so far as is known
has been compelled ; to close on? ac
count of the woman's, dealings has
been the Citizens' National : Bank of
Oberlin, the president and cashier < of
which ' are now under, indictment \ and
under ball on the charge . of misappli
cation of national bank' funds. ■
The inducements ' offered to , the
Oberlin bank \ officials . were stated ' to-"
day to have been the '• promise of Mrs'
Chadwick ;to x Messrs. .Beckwith and
Spear that their bank was to be made
the trustee of Mrs. .Chadwick's $5 -
000,000 and*thafthe\bank"ers wereUo
receive a yearly salary of $10,000 for
their services.- An additional bonus
Continued on Page Column 2.
FIgTY PAGES— SAN: FRANCISCO,, SUNDAY. -DECEMBER }Xi, ■: 19O4 T -P J AGES1 Vt$£Ol 38:
ASKS MAYOR
TO AID HER
FIND PAPA
Little Girl Writes a
Patlietic Letter .
., to Skagway.: ;
Special Diepateh to The CalL
•TACOMA, Dec.' 10.'— A pathetic let
ter., has. 'been/ received; by .Mayor Kel
ler of . Skagway, Alaska, ! from aj lonely
little San , girl who ■ is wor
rying ' over • the : prospect j of a cheerless
Christmas forvherself, her sick mother
and two. little -sisters. But' with|all
the confidence, In j her I father* that Is
characteristic of- f tender years 'she
thinks- all will.be well if she can find
him. That is ' what she ' asks Mayor
Keller> to ; do for , her. The letter Is
written from -32 ::KiBling street, San
Francisco,. and ; Is as, follows:... ■ . j
"To the Mayor — Dear "Sir: Would
you' please try :and -find my papa- for
me? He went 'to. Skagway last, June
and »has not sent; us 'any. money « and
now mamma: is' sick and not 'able to
work. 1 have ! two" little. sisters besides
myself, so I thought if you^would'flnd
my papa he . would send' us \ some
money for Christmas. > Will; you please
do this for me and you will surely
make one little girl glad in San Fran
cisco.
* "My i papa's- nanfe is : James Berry,
and he&a' marine fireman. - . - : > ■ ■- ■
"MAGGIE « BERRY." '
The marine firemen- and -their 1 helpers
along i the water i front i had- grown used
to the pathetic : inquiries f made day af
ter,'day * by*, pale-faced, • 12-,
year-old ; Maggie ' Berry," "whose | father/
James Berry,' stowed away : on the
steamer Charles Nelson, bound v. for
Skagway. For several weeks the ques
tions remained"- unanswered. ;.Then'^^one
day little Maggie found a man who had
been'; a* stowaway/^ with ? her " father • on
the trip . to . the Yukon. - -He said - that
Berry : had . been - found hiding on • the
boat v and. was : compelled- to work t his
passage; to Skagway. v Arriving r there
Berry ■ was without - mem ey,. and sfrierids
and*, the last heard 'of him was working
on; a .Yukon Riveristea'mer'at his occu-"
pation of marine fireman.,^w.S ;.,*„,..,: ,
Then the 'little ; girl; returned ;'to> the
scantily "furnished ;home;at?321t.Kisling
street, where Uhe mother. andltwo other
little ; children » 11 ve/j and * the ' letter i ap- 4
pealing • to \ Mayor I Keller,* of « Skagway
w.as -written. That .was ; sevtf al , months
ago and 'weary * weeks have passed Hn
waltlngr.' for; ani answer. 1 , 1 • ♦ * ::: :.:* ■ : u-t:
"In, the, meantime. ;Maggle made daily
NOTORIOUS CONFIDENCE^VOMAN, HER ONI^^€^BB^.eA^^PBJO^UJSE^}M^jXmp FIGURE IN. REMARKABLE REVELATIONS.
FLOATING
HOTELS FOR
SEA-GOERS
fc ; Liners, to iBe
Marvels-ol Con
struction.
Special Dispatch to The Calt
■r! NJCW ' YORK,* Dec." 10.^-If; either the
steamship \ -America or yjhe : ''Kaiserin
Auguste i Victoria; which are now be-;
jrig built in. Europe by the" Hamburg-^
"American -line 'for trans-Atlantic' serv-'
ice, ." was placed . in Madison, square,
w th heri stern: at Twenty-third street
and Madison [avenue, and' - heading
.northerly, ' ;the' % bow -would rest < • at
Twenty-sixth' street and Fifth avenue.
If ;: stood'" on . end * alongside ;: the ; Washr
ington Monument,' which ;is 555' feet
high,' either;vessel .would tower 145 feet
above. it.-' ,,. "_• ■"■. ' ' '■?, ■.. 5t,v
'Both steamships are to be wonders of
construction,' convenience arid ■/■ luxury/
The* America .' will be in ; service next
August; but the Kalserin AugustelVic
toria will, not';- tbe finished until the
spring of- 1906. ' Each will have-an up
to-date grillroom,', where meals will ; be
served a la carte, and passengers ; can
have r luncheon and r dinner parties
whenever ' they .choose, : and "each will
have a large i gymnasium. <:j .•; _ ',"
""Spaciousness will ; distinguish both
ships. There \wlll be three great prom
enade decks, one of which . will be re
served I for, promenading ' andv the -oth
ers for'deck chairs and lounging. 1 There
will" be no "upper" berths in the l state
rooms. -« Each'- room V wlll s have dimen
sions of ten- by: seventeen feet. :. a:
O Turkish baths -will -be: provided. ,
Whent passengers wish to pass from
the " upper>decki to > any. of ,v the .'.four
decks ; below, there will be elevators : f or
their ; convenience, running t night ; and
day.
•■ • The ; America will /have a : displace-i
trips to ; the Harrison street wharf,
where , the ; Skagway \boats „ dock,^ and
there learned from . a, fireman that 1 * her,
father had 'said-; he * was never.' coming
back, i So the < of the child f to the
wharf V ceased ' and * to help her strug
gling I mother tshe^r is '.to j take . a , position
as jcash^ glrl'lnvone'.of :the\blg. depart
ment stores Monday; morning.. • *»" .
!' i Mrs.1> Berry i has *. been -separated ; from
her. 1 husband I for-., two j years because *> of
his fdissipated^habits: ■:; j was ; fond iof
his|children: and 'always '^remembered
them J at \ holiday;, times, : and ' his silence
leads*; hereto .^believe Ithat * he * may^be
dead^'.'. :../:"■-,-•.': -. ; .;..-....: -.-■ . v ,' ;■ .' ■: '
SUIT STARTLES
THEIR FRIENDS
Wife: of Dr. F. ",C. Gerlach
of San Jose Asks Superior
■ Court ■ for a Divorce
SHE CHARGES CRUELTY
Couple Occupy Quite a Prpmi
: jinent flPlace; in } the Social
i^World of the Garden CHy
Special Dispatch to The Call.
*SANJOSE, : Dec/ 10.— Dr.vF. C. Ger
lach.Vohe" of the' most" prominent physl
clans in/this city; was sued .for/ divorce
to-day jby Alice Qertach..'' Many charges
of cruelty- are madejinlthercomplaint.
.Mrs.- GerlactT was formerly Miss/Alice
Cole, a daughter, of Delos Cole, a prom
inent citizen of this city,' and before her.
marriage was one. of the leading belles
of. Son Jose.;- = ;.' . ; . • .
• The Gerlachs / have . been' married
about ten'years. .They have occupied a
prominent: place in society and the suit
for V divorce '. will : cause ' a Vs.ensatlon
among-their. many -friends. _ For some
time , ; all *• has > nof been serene ' in "'■_ the
Gerlaeh' hoJhe and it Is saidMrs. Ger
laeh^ has; taken her;, husband to' task
for paying attention to. other ■women.
'. The ;charge; of .cruelty, is. made, it Is
said, . Instead of a more sensational one
in order tbVvold notoriety.. The couple
quarreled this'", morning' and Mrs. Ger
laeh sought 'an attorney and" began her
suit. • Dr. Gerlaeh' is City Health Officer
and enjuys one'ofthe' largest practices
in* town. i- He is prominent in several
lodges and is said to be quite wealthy. :
»!•. . . . .,:...:..;»..,■: - .-.. . , :. ::.•. ;-i.
ment of "35,000 tons. . She will be 700
feef ? over ; ail, ; 74 • feet": in , beam' and j 53
f eet- t in depth- ' Thel Kalserin i Auguste
jYictoria" will ,have 'a "displacement of
4000 tons,, a length of 705 -feet, a beam
of :77j feet 1 and a depth'of 63 feet. '{ . -
," Each", ship"- wiliVhave a /carrying ca
pacity I of: 3589 . passengers. ; Their, speed
is • designed r;to be 'seventeen knots ' an
■hoixr.v/. :'.".?■ •' ':,-.. .;•..; "< "•' • : '.^■'.■■- i
Pioneers -Hold . Semi-Annual Reunion.
■ '^ SAN? JOSE. ••' Dec. 1 0.— The f Santa
Crara^County^Sqciety^'of^Pipnee^
its jsemi-ahnuar reunion'; and"^ banquet
to-day* iii' Eagles' "HaH, > At , least /three
hundred fbfj,thei6ld, ; settlers and i their
families .were' present-'.-'A; musical and
literary,, programme] was Tender^djahd 1
addresses delivered ;by«;Congfe3sv
man-relect; E; A-'r Hayes ■ and ; Rev. v Dr:
Hutsiriplller.' ; - Incidents -e of \ '■ pioneer
days^were;: related fby/J. Z.V Anderson/
L Mrs.-E: C McCracken, -George 5 L. An
drews and >. others.'gtiBfflSBftl
Al-CAZAB— "Tie ... Profeaaoi'* . Xsom
| Stcrjr.'\ Matinee to-day.
CAUFORNIA— "Sis , HopJdWL*\
COLUMBIA — "A Chinese Honeymoon**
CBXTKAL— •Tto» Suburban." Mati
nee to-day. I .
CHUTES— Vaudeville. .
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRAND— '/In Dahomey." MattaM
to-day.
MAJESTIC— "The Senator."
OKPHCUM — Vaudeville. Matise* to
day.
TJVOLI — "Klnr Dodo." ' -
PRESIDENT
SAVES LIFE
OF A FELON
Gondejmned Murderer
I ;J Grapted l
iRepfieVe.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
.OTTAWA, Ont., Dec. 10.— Evidently.
President Roosevelt's Influence saved
an American recently condemned to
execution from, the gallows. A dispatch
from ! Sandwich, Ont., says: ; -
"It is stated that while the young col
ored man, Edward Slaughter, who mur
dered John* Rudden and, who has Just
been sent to the. big Government peni
tentiary at Kingston fpr life, was wait
ing execution here under his original
sentence his father, a" colored Baptist
minister „• at . Amherstburg, Ontario,
Canada, wrote a pathetic letter asking
President. Roosevelt to save the life,of
the" American, a mere boy, who had
been in .-Canada only- four years when
the crime was committed.
. "A few : hour3 before the reprieve ar
rived-the father received a letter from
the* President statins that United
States Consul General Foster at Ottawa
had been asked to confer with the Hon.
Charles Fitzpatrick, Canadian Minister
of Justice, for clemency In, behalf of
Slaughter as an American subject. To
add to • this international aspect of the
case, Congressman Alfred Lucking of
Michigan also interested' himself and
appealed indirectly to Fitzpatrick."
NEW. YORK. Dec. 10.— "Much as I
admire Roosevelt as a '; true
man, ; we ' have ' seen^ to-day - the sorry
example of the mistake a strong man
can make. The. President was appealed
to by a r colored' Baptist : minister to
save ' the latter's son from the gallows
for the murder of a farmer In Canada.
The President- listened t to the ■ appeal
and has succeeded In securing a com
mutation ' of ' sentence. I : do not . ad
mire : the ' President ■' f orj that."
:This statement' was made to-day by
Andrew • vD.' Whl te; formerly United
States fi Embassador > to « Germany, •'> In
the course of an address on "Evolution
vs. Revolution, in .Politics" ■ before • v the
League ; for , Political Education/
S.'^iVhite has .declared that high crime
Is Jmore ' frequent ■ In \ this country, than
anywhere ■_ else , in . the -world, , save < Sic
ily.iand,that there : is a widespread su
perstiticn'.here.that it is the duty of
the -. people - to ; protect It
was •; in calling: attention to * what ' he
THE THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEW ROAD
SOON TO BE
UNDER WAY
Goulds Are Ready to
Build Western
Pacific.
9 Ii,
Special IJiapatch to Tbs Call.
. NETW YORK. Dec 10.— Arrangements
for 'a definite extension -of the Gouli
system from ocean" to -ocean were com
pleted to-day, when E. T. •Jeffrey, pres
ident "of the . Denver and Rio Grand©
Railway,' was elected vice president of
the Western Pacific Railway Company
at a meeting of the directors of that
road in this city. This action marked
the first public disclosure of the interest
of the Gould system in the Western Pa
cific. . * ! '■:■-.
"After the meeting J. Barnett. presi
dent of the Western Pacific, said that
arrangements were being made to let
immediately contracts for the construc
tion of the Western Pacific road from
Salt Lake City to San Francisco. Ha
said that In a short time construction
forces would be placed in the field.
Barnett, David Walker, a Salt Lake
City banker, and John Treadwell, a
California railway mining operator, ar
rived in this city from San Francisco
during. the week for a final conference
with the New York directors > of tha
Western Pacific. They met here Edwla
Hawley, EJ T. Jeffrey and William Tay
lor, vice president of the Bowling Green
Trust Company of New York. The re
sult of the conference was a decision to
begin construction. of the Western Pa
cific, at, an early date.
"After two years of careful prelim
inary work and an exhausting exam
ination of all routes of the Sierra Ne
vada," said Barnett to-night, "we de
cided to adopt the route through Beck
with Pass, on a line slowly gradient
from San Francisco. The route adopted
will cross the Sierra Nevada* through
Beckwith Pass on a line 1900 feet lower
than. that of the Central Pacltic and no
snowsheds will be required anywhere
along the route."
termed this mistaken leniency that the
formor Embassador referred to the
President as ouoted.
"Crime is crime," said White, "and
it is our duty to make 'its prosecution
more speedy and, less Intricate. We
should stand together to . exterminate
criminals."'28
What Sulphur Does
For the Human Body in Health and
The mention of salplrar irm recall to
rn«ny of us the early days, when our
mothers and grandmothers^ fcave us our
daily doss of culphur and molasses
every BPrinj: and falL
It vtbm the* universal eprlner and fall
"blood purlfler." tonic and cure-all, and,
mind you, this old-fashioned" remedy
was not -without merlti * "-. ' ,-/X.
The Idea was good.' but the- remedy
was crude and unpalatable, and. & large
quantity had to be taken to get any ef-
fect. : ' ■- 7 .'"■-, f^y ■".
Xowadays we pet all the beneficial ef-
fects of culphur in a palatable,' concen-
trated form, bo that a single grain Is
far more effective than a tablespoonful
of the crude 6ulphur."
In recent years •research and experi-
ment have proven that the best sulphur
for medicinal use Is that obtained' from
Calcium (Calcium Sulphide) and sold
In drug stores under the name of Stu-.
art's Caldum_Wafers. They are small
chocolate-coated pellets and contain the
active medicinal principle of sulphur In
a highly concentrated, effective form.
Few people are aware of the value of
this form of sulphur in restoring and
maintaining bodily vigor and health;
sulphur acts directly on the liver and
excretory organs and purifies and en-
riches the blood by the prompt elimina-
tion of waste material.
Our grandmothers knew this when
they dosed us with sulphur and mo-
lasses every spring and fall, but the
crudity and impurity of ordinary flow-
ers of sulphur were often worse than
the disease, and cannot compare with •
the modern concentrated preparations
of sulphur, of which Stuart's Calcium
Wafers is undoubtedly the best and
most widely used.
They are the natural antidote for
liver and kidney troubles, and cure
constipation and purify the blood In a
way that often surprises patient and
physician alike.
Dr. R. M. Wllklns while experiment-
ing with sulphur remedies soon found
that the sulphur from Calcium was su-
perior to any other form. He says:
"For liver, kidney and blood troubles,
especially when resulting from consti-
pation or malaria, I have been sur-
prised at the results obtained f r»m Stu-
art's Calcium Wafers. In patients suf-
fering from boils and pimples and even
deep-eeated carbuncles, I have. repeat-
edly seen them dry up and disappear in
four or five days, leaving the skin clear
and smooth. Although Stuart's Calcium
Wafers is a proprietary article, and
Bold by druggists, and for that reason
tabooed by many physicians, yet I :
know of nothing so safe and reliable
tor constipation, liver and kidney trou- j
bles, and especially In all forms of skin ■
disease, as this remedy." i
At any rate people who are tired of ;
Pills, cathartics and so-called blood
••purifiers" will find in Stuart's Calcium-;
Wafers a far 6afer, more palatable and
[effective preparation.
§ Shoppind BcMjfe
B Leather Shopping B*f, specially
m pood value. Hac pure* In pocket. j :
B r.ra.id«l leather handle. Our price,
« SOc. We have others at price* ranr- . \
m ins from $1.OO up. Persy Bars-, tn
K ail stylish leathers, from 25o to
ft 95.OO. Card Caeea ' and Wallets.
♦l from f»Oc up. Conklin's Self-Plllln«; I
H Pen. the perfect fountain pen. con-
H \f r.ient and durable, always ready, 5
R price *3.OO to *5.<>O. Gold. Pens, 1
■ pearl handle, f JjOO to fS.OO. Mall
n orders promptly filled. 1
f TEAT MAST PITTS,
I* F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
Market rt.. opp. Fifth St.. S. Fj
t « ,i " —^
CALX, AT . ;
< Evatt ®> Hinkle i
86 Third St.. I
xrxrw goods. xrsw store. J
rcr Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry. , !
• EN'DS LIFE BECAUSE SHE
■ COULD NOT PAY RENT
. Fear of Prosecution by Landlord
. Drives a Destitute. Woman of .
Chicago to Suicide.'
CHICAGO, Dec 10. — Apparently
- fearing prosecution because she had
no money to pay for her room, a }
woman, who registered under the
' name of Mrs. C M. Morris at the Re-
* vere House, attempted to slide down
an improvised rbpe from a fifth-story
• window to-day. When rescue was at
■ hand she either lost her hold or de-
■ liberately loosened her grasp. She fell
four stories,' landing head first on the
brick pavement and was Instantly
killed. The ' police say the woman's
' correct name was Myra Delaroe.
The man who frequently gives him-
* self away Isn't necessarily charitable.
' ' AD^KT^EaiEyTS.
Peculiar
To Itself
In what it is and what it does — con-
. taining the best blood-purifying,
• alterative and tonic substances and
; effecting the most radical and per-
" mancnt cures of all humors and all
eruptions, relieving weak, tired,
\ languid feelings, and building up
•. the whole system— is true only of
Hood's Sarsaparilla
No other medicine acts like it;
> no other 'medicine' has 'done so
* much real, substantial Rood,; no
■ other medicine *. has • restored - health
. and strength at so little cost.
'r- ..Hood's Sarsaparilla promises to
cure ' and keeps the promise. '
CARNEGIE IS SUMMONED AS
WITNESS IN CHADWICK
CASE IN CLEVELAND.
Continued rtamPaffo 27, Column 2,
of $40,000 was •'promised the -bank
when the Joans were repaid.
The Common Pleas Court' to-day ap
pointed Herbert W k Bell, local repre
sentative of a' guaranty company, as
receiver on behalf of Banker Herbert
D. Newton of Brookline, Mass.,' in the
latter's action against Mrs. , Cassie IL
-Chadwick." * "" -■ -
On the application of Receiver Loeser
the United. States Court later; granted
ah Injunction against the flrmTof "Carr,
Stearns & Chamberlain, attorneys for
Herbert D. Newton- restraining them
from taking. possession of any securi
ties or other property of Mrs. Cassie 'L.'
Chadwick pending a final. hearing. The
action was made returnable on Decem
ber'17.
Receiver Bell, However, managed to
escape tervlce of the restraining order
of the Federal Court, and thirty* min
utes after he was appointed obtained
from Iri Reynolds all of the Chadwick
papers In .his possession. .'.'.
" THAT CARNEGIE TRUST. .
Among the papers found to-day in
the package of so-called securities left
with Iri Reynolds by- Mrs. 'Chadwick
was what purported to be a copy of "a
trust agreement between Andrew Car
negie and Mrs. Chadwick. The docu
ment is as follows: . .;*)''•-
**Know all men by these presents:
That I, Andrew Carnegie of New York
CJty, do hereby acknowledge that I
hold in trust for Mrs. Cassie L. Chad
wick, wife of Dr. Leroy S. Chadwick
of 18,24 Euclid avenue, city of Cleve
land, county of Cuyahoga and State of
Ohio, property assigned and delivered
to me for said Cassie, L. Chadwick by
her uncle, Fred B. Mason, in his life
time (now deceased), which property
is of the. approximated value of ten
million two hundred, and forty-six
thousand dollars ($10,246,000), con
sisting of' 2500 shares of Great West
ern Railway stock of England and
Wales,. valued at two million one hun
dred thousand dollars ($2,100,000);
1S00 shares of Caledonian Railway
stock of Scotland, valued at one mil
lion ona hundred and forty-six thou
sand dollars, ($1,146,000), and bonds
of the United States Steel Corporation
of New Jersey, bearing 5 per cent (five
per cent) interest, of the par value
of seven million dollars ($7,000,000).
PAYMENT OF THE "INCOME."
"The income from the above de
scribed property I agree to pay over
to said Cassie L. Chadwick semi-an
nually, between the first and fifteenth
days of June and December cf each
year during the life of this trust, with
out any deduction or charges for ser
vices or expense of any . kind, this
trust to be and remain in full force
until August 29, 1902; in case of the
death of said Andrew Carnegie said
trust to terminate immediately and
said property, income and all proceeds
to vest, absolutely both .in law and
equity, in said Cassie L. Chadwick; in
case of the death of Cassie L. Chad
wick said trust- to ' terminate Imme
diately and all of said property, to
gether with all income and proceeds
thereof, to be transferred and turned
over to the heirs at law or legal rep
resentatives of said Cassie L>. Chad
wick.
"I further agree to carry out all of
the above provisions, and that all of
said , stocks and bonds have been, in
dorsed over in the name .of said Cassie
L. Chadwick, so that no further or other
act. will be necessary on my part or on
the part of my legal representatives to
put said Cassle L. Chadwick or her
heirs at. law in full possession of same
on the termination of this trust.
"Witness my hand and seal this 27th
day of February. 1901.
"ANDREW CARNEGIE."
REYNOLDS ONE OF THE DUPES.
In the same package with the trust
agreement was a note made payable to
Cassie L. Chadwick dated May 20, 1902,
for $5,000,000 and payable in fifteen
months. It was signed with the name
of Andrew -Carnegie.
The Plain Dealer asserts that the sig
nature of Andrew Carnegie has appar
ently been forged on notes and- other
papers to the total amount of $13,750,
000. The securities held by Reynolds,
together with those that were held by
the Citizens' National Bank of Oberlin,
and which have already, been made
public, aggregate this amount. The
Plain Dealer adds:
"There is a bitter Irony in the fact
that the very man who held this
worthless paper. so faithfully and tena
ciously for J Mrs. Chadwick and who
apparently believed in its worth im
plicitly should himself be one of the
heaviest losers. ; Iri Reynolds, after his
long course of faithful guardianship for
the woman he .trusted, now considers
himself a dupe. It is stated as a fact
not hitherto known that Reynolds
loaned Mrs. Chadwick practically all
the money he possessed. His entangle
ments, however, involve only himself,
the Wade Park Bank being in no way
affected.".
SUBPENA FOR CARNEGIE.
United States District Attorney Sul
livan Is preparing to begin the work of
presenting to the Federal Grand Jury
the evidence against Mrs. Chadwick.
Late this afternoon he Issued subpenas
for the witnesses who are to appear be
fore the Grand Jury, which has already
been drawn. The first of the witnesses
Is Andrew Carnegie. The others are
Robert Lvon, receiver of the bank at
Oberlin; A. B, Spear, cashier of the
bank; the treasurer of Oberlin College
and J. E. Barrett of Wooster, Ohio.
What connection the lasU named two
have with the case Is not disclosed.
President Beckwith will not be called
personally. His statement to the Dis
trict Attorney and the United States
Marshal will be submitted to the jury
instead. ' jlflftllBrffBi
CONFESSION OF. BECK.
OBERLIN, Ohio, Dec. 10.— The con
fession .of President C. T. Beckwith of
the wrecked Citizens' National Bank of
Oberlin; now in, the possession 'of the
Federal authorities, is a story so start
ling'with relation to the monumental
transactions of Mrs. Chadwick as to be
almost unbelievable. ' But documentary
proof haR forced . itself upon the part
of the few who have heard the amazing
tale, which is expected to : prove the
absolute undoing of Mrs. Chadwick.
. The unequivocal statement is made
in the confession of President Beckwith
that Mrs. Chadwick secured the im
mense loans by a written promise de
livered into 'the hands of the banker
that the Citizens' Bank would be made
the trustee of the $5,000,000 estate
which has just .been revealed to the
world as an absolute myth.
The : written . promise . delivered by
Mrs. Chadwick to Beckwith was. to. the
effect that her. affairs would.be turned
over to the Oberlin. bank- July 1, 1903.
In : consideration therefor,. President
Beckwith : and fCashler Spear, were I to
receive •. (10,000 . a ■ year.', each > for' their
trouble.' In ' addition the bank ' was to
be given a bonus 'of "close to $40,000
when the loans had all' been paid back.
This statement answers fully the oft
repeated question, "What actuated ' the
two officials of ' the Oberlin . "_ bank in
making the immense" loans 'from* the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11. 1904.
bank's funds, without a scintilla of
actual security?"
CAIiMS VlCmiS* FEARS.
The story of how Mrs. Chadwick
played with the two bankers after hav
ing the money once in her power, as
told by Beckwith, Is of absorbing inter
est Mrs. Chadwick calmed the fears
of her victims with the claim that she
was a relative of Andrew Carnegie.
" The written confession of Beckwith
goes into details of the explanation
made by Mrs. Chadwick as to the man
ner in which the estate was then be
ing handled. The Wade Park Bank-
Ing Company of Cleveland was used
simply as a depository for the securi
ties, acoording to the tale that the
Cleveland woman made the bankers
believe. .The estate was said by Mrs.
Chadwick to be "in the hands of three
trustees, ". all - New. York men. The
name of one of them was. given as
"William Baldwin. Mrs. Chadwick said
she. could not get hold of the money
except through Baldwin, whom the
banker now believes to be a mythical
person. Baldwin attended to all the
business of handling the Interest from
the bonds and turned it over to. Mrs.
Chadwick. as it became due. ■ The
bankers were told that the yearly in
come was $760,000. Repeated; efforts
were made on the part of Beckwith to
get into communication with Baldwin,
but they were always unsuccessful.
An excuse was always ready when in
quiry concerning Baldwin was pressed.
IiURE HELD OUT . TO BANK.
The Oberlin bank was to be' made
"the trustee of the estate as soon as
the contract with the then alleged
trustees was ended, which was said to
be July 1, 1903. When July 1« of last
year came around matters were said
to be in such shape as to make it nec
essary for the estate to remain in the
same hands for some' little time longer.
With the end of their troubles in sight
and a golden harvest within their grasp,
as the Oberlin bankers Welieved, they
were put joft to commence upon \ a
period of torturous anticipation, which
ended with the closing of the doors
of the institution and the arrest of
both the president and cashier.
In relation to the indorsement of
the notes by Beckwith and Spear, the
Story from the banker goes on to re
late that the notes were indorsed only
as a last recourse in the desperate
chase for funds. He confessed that
he had intended to attempt to nego
tiate, loans upon the notes, but his
nerve failed him. The indorsements
were- put on, it was explained, to make
the paper more. bankable.
The confession practically tells a
story., of how the Oberlin bank had
been vised as a clearing-house for Mrs.
Chadwick's manipulations. One in
stance is that of the $5000 note held by
W. I- Fay and Henry Wurst of Elyria.
The note was given by Mrs. Chadwick
to Fay and Wurst, with diamonds as
security. They pressed for payment,
and finally threatened to sell the jew-'
pis. In her dilemma the woman, ap
pealed, to Beckwith. Both were- of the
opinion that the public sale of the dia
monds would caupe talk.^nd endanger
the plans that had been made. Beck
with settled the problem by taking Up
the note, giving his personal note -in
stead—a note which iie later took up
by paying the. cash.
RANKER, THREATENS SUICIDE.
. One • tragic incident related by Beck
with in the Written confession' con
cerns a visit of President Beckwith,
Cashier Spear and Judge Albaugh - to
the Cleveland home of Mrs. Chadwick.
The two bankers pleaded for money.
Mrs. Ohadwick made more promises.
Beckwith jvas aroused to anger, and
when he saw the hopelessness of It all
he threatened to commit suicide. He
drew a revolver. Mrs. Chadwick cried
that "all would be lost" if the banker
carried out his threat. The result was
that the bankers again relied upon
promises. •■ - -
Many times the bank was pressed for
funds. When dividends were to be met
the president and cashier skirmished
for funds. In order to h$lp them out
Mrs. Chadwick at one time gave them
a check for $S0,000, which came back
marked "No funds."' She gave two
more checks. for $25,000 each,- but the
ntbtt day telephoned; to > Beckwith not
to use tHem. The president and cash
ier Were perplexed : at times to make
a • proper showing to the directors.
Noter, securities and cash were check
ed up and the sum represented by the
loans to Mrs. Chadwick was carried as
cash deposits in Cleveland banka/Iri
Eeckwith's statement .the» names .of
several instiutipns .and Individuals are
given, but they are withheld for : the
present. '• * •, ' ; ' ;--■■._
DR. CHADWICK IS WANTED.
NEW YORK, Deb., 10. — Mrs.Cassie
L. Chadwick Is still confined in a cell
in the Tombs. Philip Carpenter, her
attorney. Raid to-night thfetishe-.would
not go to Cleveland befpfe.' Monday",
and the belief is prevalent 'that she
will not go to the Ohio, city 'without
a fight. Her counsel, both here .and
in Ohio, unite In opposing her .volunr
tary departure. J :. : '* • ; .
It was said late to-night that' a
bondsman had been found who would
qualify in $15,000, .the amount of, ball
demanded, by United States Co'mmis-
ADVERTISEJJUENTS.
HOW ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS T
H 'j;: JIADE A' MlLIilOX
Mr. Vantlerbilt Tells an' Intcrcstinff
Story of Fabulous '■'■ ' ' }''■
: : - ■ rroiits. ':,■;■•■ - \'
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— A novel book-
let is creating a sensation 1 in financial
offices in No. 100 William street, ■ N;'
interested In it, l particularly : as . it is
being circulated by W. Q.'Vanderbilt.
He tells how he made a million dollars
by investing a.thouBahd, and the story
is intensely Interesting. ■ : vv ' y , ,.■■■': ■■■.
Mr. Vanderbllt was interviewed at hla
offices in No. 100 Williams » street. |N.
Y., and stated that he was .pleased that
his booklet had been so 'well received:
He said: "I, met bo many^pebple who
were groping. in the. dark". about- finan-
cial matters I decided^ to -publish some
of the things I have learned, about, bus-
iness, and , send it ; out as a tribute ? to
my personal friends... But. dear in6. my,
friends told about, it, 'and my
mail is flooded • with requests for ; the-
booklet Therefore ; I • have' decided ; that
I can do nothing better^ for niy, f ellowf
man than", to . send; a copy of it to"; any
one who will write to me at No. "■ 100
William street.?, ;. -^^
"Do you intend ':. to , distribute • these,
free ~"l IIJlf|>lliri7W1n1TT*t*lWllW
"Certainly," . he .? responded.': '.V'because
I know no one will be interestedUn the
matter except those who , have; saved
enough money* and want to' know how
to make their savings earn -, more i than
simple Interest, hence -I will >beidoin(C
the best ! service for .those ,whO; need it
most, and that Is the real : essence of
true ; philanthropy. Iv -wpuia -llketto'
have applicants for this "book write me
fully and I will be pleased 'to ; send any
one a coby.", ■ •■.}'■' ';:". ":■ ■ r ; '-^.4Uf;
' At least a score of bankers and finan-
cial men,', who^were interviewed i subse-
quently,' all agreed • that 'Mr. iVander-
bilt's ", book '■ should be ," in < everybody's
hands ' who > desired r to 1 Improve ? their
condition'; flnahelally."' " '•'?-" - ' " ~ ''"/■ r
sloner Shields, before whom Mrs.
Chad wick was Arraigned. The .name
of the person will not be made public
until Monday, when. It is said, he will
sign the bond.
Just what has become of the money
Mrs. Chadwick is alleged to have
raised on loans is a question which
Is interesting the persons connected
with the case. It has-been claimed
that more than three, years ago she
settled $2,500,000 on her husband. Dr.
Leroy S. Chad wick, and that . since
that time she had borrowed more than
$600,000. A rumor is current to-night
that .efforts will be made - to locate
Dr. Chadwick and his daughter, who
sailed for Havre. France, on the
steamer Savoie-from this port Novem
ber 8. They have been reported from
several places in Europe, but .'Dr..
Chadwick «s said to have given Her
bert B. Newton of Brookline, Mass.,
two v checks aggregating $50.00,0 in
part payment of his wife's indebted
ness,'which are alleged to have come
back from the bank on which they
were drawn stamped '.'Without funds."
It was intimated to-day, that .if Dr.
Chadwick . ,' does not return from
Europe soon Mhe checks may figure
in intflmational proceedings. v
HOW NEOTON AVAS LANDED.
BOSTON, Dec. 10.— Herbert . D.
Newton made a statement this after
noon to clear and establish in the pub
lic mind, he said, how he came to be
financially involved with Mrs. Chad
wick. •■ . ■
"Mrs. Chadwick came to Boston
last April." he said. "She was sent
here by Rev. Charles Eaton, pastor of
the Euclid-avenue Baptist Church, of
Cleveland.- Dr. Eaton had been ap~
pealed to by her as a woman in dis
tress and acted as. a pastor to help
her out.- She came to the office of
John E. Eaton in the Tremont build
ing, where Eaton is a member of the
law firm of Eaton, McKnight & Car
ver. She carried instructions from
Dr. Eaton of Cleveland to give her
assistance if, after examination of her
securities, her statements could be
verified. . :
"It. was in Mr. Eaton's office In the
Tremont building that John E. Eaton
introduced Mrs. Chadwick to me. ,<At
this meeting Mrs. Chadwick showed
me the securities she held and among
thorn was the- $500,000 note signed
'Andrew Carnegie', and also the cer
tificate signed by Ira Reynolds, which
stated that he had in his* possession
$5,000,000 in securities belonging to
Mrs. Chadwick. • We communicated
with the Rev. Dr. Eaton and he con
firmed the signature of 'Reynolds, ■';
"The .signature on the $500,000 Car
negie note was never verified beyond
Mrs. Chadwlck's own . statements. .
• "Later Reynolds personally-acknowl
edged his signature on the certificate
of .securities, and the strictest inquiry
showed that Reynolds- was supposed to
enjoy in the city of Cleveland the
reputation of being a man of the high
est integrity and honor. So in -this
way you can see that both representa
tions made by the Rev. Dr. . Eaton
have been fully certified.
"Upon these representations I de
cided to. help Mrs. Chadwick and
agreed to let her have $14,000. I paid
the money to- John, B. Eaton and- he
prave Mrs. Chadwiqk.hls check. .. After
this loan I negotiated with Mrs. Chad
wrck "myself and made the loans under
which'she became so heavily indebted
to' me. '-.•.•""' -' "• •:.. :t f- ::\. ;■■:..._..■;•
.. "I believe that both Eatons acted in
perfect srood faith-ln tne introduction
and their ponfidences were, abused, as
were the confidences of many other
persons. ..
WHILE PARENTS ARE AWAY
FOUR CHILDREN ARE BURNED
TJltle Ones Attempt to Start Fire
With Oil and Fatal Blaze
V Results. ... ;^,7
KIRWIN, Kans., Dec. 10. — The
country home of Charles Smith has
been destroyed by fire arid four^ chil
dren under 12 years. of age were fatal^
ly burned. The parents had gone to
town, leaving the children alone. . The
little onea attempted to start a fire
with' coal oil, when an explosion oc
cvrred. One lived to tell the story.
We have only a few of them— ; • ■ MSll!^
AS STATED in "The Call" a few days
ago we intend to give fome special values !
in boys' and youths' clothing during December. Our '^^^^MM^^^^^^^- i
idea is to get the mothers to call here. Then they are bound
to see the many Christmas suggestions in men's and boys' \ -"^f •^•i&'^^jjSWB/ '
clothing, : furhishings and hats which we have on display. ''§'^%'V^^|^9Bk
To-day we offer 'a boy's long overcoat, as pictured,' for 1?S^&S|^^^^S[- :
$2.95. the garments are dark oxfords with belts in back /ife?.1:^- :^ : -"^^^^^Bl'
as in 'h? men's overcoats. The. ages are from 7 to 15 years. , S^S!vi>::$^^^^^B
..We h.^ve provided extra salesmen to wait upon the j X. ' : ?^K^:"^t^|^^H
crowd that is sure to come for su:h an unusual value at such d \ / t
Caps for boys in norfdlk, yacht, automobile and siilor V i / x 'ijfg / '■• : "-' :: -^^^^^B
• styles;/!! colors, 45c, r5c,$l.OO, $1.25, $1.50 and $2.00. / j ■. *f||!i '••' ' JS^^^^
Sweaters: for boys, plain shades* such as garnet, navy,' '■' \ . / '^ \ " SiS^^^^^^^ MM'ti^r.
black- and 'ox'fprd; also combination stripes, worth $1.2^ and I / \ Wm
■* m specia.a t 85c. , -,-■ f,/ "^RL^Hm^
' Beautifully decorated cups and saucers for serving black %\f i'i
'coffee; one free with a- purchase amounting' to gl.OO or over. /|,4 '^ /I^^^Pfe^
.Santa Glaus is here. ;He gives i caridy free to -children' '};]i \) =:^ t jL2j^^S^.
•who are accompanied by adults. Gome and see him : ii E ' : \ / """"V*/-^^:
fflzy Jlttle -house. > ' , _ / ' // jj \^^ ■ . _
ZQrders^ Orders a t^T^T^^^?:!' '-'
-^ filled. "^- -^— ••••-w^^ ;^:^r'
CHANGE SHOCKS
ARTISTIC WORLD
London Marvel
at Substitution in Fagan's
"Prayer of' the Sword"
IDEALS ARE SHATTERED
Tragedy in Blank Verso
to Be Withdrawn Notwith
standing Manager's Coup
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 10.— Art, with a cap
ital A, got a setback at the Adelphl
Theater recently, when "The Prayer
of the Sword," by James Bernard Fa
gan, was "popularized." This is the
play which was put on with such un
common earnestness a few weeks ago.
Practically all concerned in its .pro
duction — author, producer and leading
man and woman — were old "Benson
lans"—that is, former members of the
famous company which has played
Shakespeare in the provinces for so
many years— and all were animated by
the highest sort of ideals.- The two
stars of the production were Oscar
Aeche and I41y Brayton, both of whom
had- distinguished themselves under
Beerbohm Tree's Btandard. As for the
play itself, it was a. really ambitious
effort. It was a tragedy in blank verse,
whose hero, a monk, vf ell in love wjth
a medieval. Italian Princess and threw
aeide his cowl and took up the sword
for his country and his lady love. At
the end, however, the heroine was
stabbed by the villain with a poisoned
dagger and the. final curtain fell upon
her death. '.V*' ■ ■ ■
SUPERBLY MOUNTED.
■ The piece was mounted superbly and
acted with force. It reached its fiftieth
performance, but there was a general
understanding in theatrical circles that
indifferent business only was being
done— No one, however, anticipated
such a managerial coup which has just
beem carried out. A, short j time ago
the play. was presented with an entire
ly new last act,; in which th# heroine
escaped the poisoned dagger and the
Impression ;was conveyed that she and
the hero were going to get marrtM and
live happily ever after. Of course, th«s
thing has called forth a great outcry.
It is paid that no such' drastic change
has ever been made In a play*by a Brit
ish dramatist after the piece had b«en
produced. Pinero brightened the end
ing of his "Profligate," but he did it
at the behest of his manager before the
public had seen it. ; .
In reality, however, the surrender
to Mornus which has been made at the
Adelphl is not as regrettable as it
8eems^or "The .Prayer of the Sword,"
thougnMofty In aim, was not a good
ple.ee of work, and its failure to at
tract the public is not a sign that the
public will not patronize poetic drama
of real worth. Stephen Phillips' plays,
"Herod" and "Paolo and Francesca,"
both ended tragically, but both enjoyed
long runs, because there was real good
stuff in them. The Adelphl incident
is to be lamented only on account of
the high standards which the manage
ment set for itself In the. beginning.
That the change in;- the" .play .has
made little difference in Its popularity
with the publlo is proved by the 'fact
that it is coming off, at -the. end of
next week.. .-" » ■ ■ .' '
SCUDAMORE-S DEATH.
Frank Scudamore, who died the
other day under strange and tragic
circumstances, was a comparatively
little known dramatist, but one whose
plays, among certain classes, achieved
wide popularity. He was not troubled
by any lofty notions of the missions of
the stage. He made it his chief con
cern to find out what took the best
with the public and then did the best
to "give it to them. He paid no heed
to Emerson's injunction," "Hitch your
wagon to a star." Iri one of his melo
dramas. "Is Life Worth Living?" he
hitched it to < a seam roller, and the
latter made such a hltthat thereafter he
devoted his attention to the introduc
tion of novel mechanical features on
the stasfe. He claimed to be the first
to .utilize a phonograph in the drama.
v^Jjj> 0-MORROW morning we shall
il&jiJL/ * open our magnificent new
*3^ store on Ellis Street, near riar-
»- * ket, with an entirely new and
superior assortment of the best and
most fashionable productions in Fur-
niture, Carpets, Draperies and Wall
Papers. There will be found in this
collection hundreds o£ articles com-
bining utility with beauty, exception-
<$ ally adapted for Christmas Gifts.
Prices consistent with unapproached
quality. Goods delivered at conven-
' ience of purchasers.
A ■. Open Evenings
Josf redericks &g.
34-5O E-LLIS.SX
• NEAR MARKET*
O'Brien t Sons' Carriage Factory J
Corner Golden Gate Avenue and Polk Street. \\
Will offer for Sale for the next Five' Days |
Commencing Tuesday, December 13, 1904 I
Their entire immense stock, slightly damaged by |
Fir \ Water and Smoke, which occurred December I
Carriages; Broughams, Six and Nine Seaters, Surreys, I
Buggies, Wagons; Harness, Robes, Etc. rf
There never was such an opportunity offered the |
public before in this line to purchase vehicles. H
Goods must be sold on account of insurance IJ
adjustment and to reconstruct building. |
employing It to reveal the details of
a crime on which the whole play
hinged. After it had been running a
few days the manager of the theater
where it was produced thought he de
tected a curious similarity between
the phonograph's voice and that of
Mr. Scudamore. Going behind the
scenes he discovered that the instru
ment was a bogus one. Mr. Scudamore
was acting the phonograph with great
success. He lived alone and his end
was' strikingly similar, to that of some
of the objectionable characters In his
own melodramas. His daughter called
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVE3TT1SEMENTS.
TIIE BREATH OF LIFE
That induces refreshing sleep
can be had In the cool outside
rooms advertised to-day.
Read the ROOMS TO IiET
columns— then investigate
to see him one Sunday morning and
found the door of his apartments
locked. It was burst o^en and her
father's lifeless body lay before her,
stretched on the floor. Apparently h©
had been dead several days.ISMAR.
I0MRFE
Most Remarkable Proph-
ecies of Events Ever Re-
corded in Human An-
nals Made by Ismar,
the Great Gypsy
Seeress and Heal-
er, During the
Past Year.
SHE ACTUALLY FORETOLD
every event of public interest, besides
thousands of purely private interest.
She has been flooded with letters
coming from all over America and
many from Europe, all proving her
marvelous gifts. »
Her great mission is to do good — to
prepare the mind and heart for com-
ing events by disclosing them. On
tie other hand, she uses her wonder-
ful gifts of healing to restore the sick
and ailing, so that they may enjoy the
fullness of life and its blessintrs.
If you contemplate any move of
importance, such as business, specula-
tion, marriage or travel, see Ismar
first. Find out what the future holds
for you. Ismar can tell you.
.
F ""' * '" '"'*■"• ■ <" '"*""-" .■■■l'l '"' ' '■ '• '' v V y '" ""■ '"•••■' ■'■ x
• Ismar's fame as a mystic and clair-
■ voyant and healer of diseases is
■wcrld-wide.
Letters come from England, from
Germany, from France, even from
China and Japan, all bearing: evidence
"of Ismar's fame and attesting her un-
paralleled psychic and prophetic
powers.
She has no equal anywhere in the
loc?iion of physical ailments and the
healing of diseases. Many of the cases
cured 63- her were formerly pro-
nounced incurable or permanently
chronic
If you are ill. consult her. She can
heal you as she has healed others.
Her readings of the future are as
successful by mail as in person. Write
her. Three questions answered, $1*
full life reading, $5. Send money by
•Welis-Fargo or postoffice money or-
der or by registered letter. Address
ISMAR, 1 104 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal. Phone South 1141.
•Hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.: Sundays,
10 a. m. to 12 m. Evenings by ap-
pointment only.
VAST SUMS OF MONEY
SPENT BY TOURISTS
Switzerland Alone Annually Collects
$30,000,000 From Americans
and Others.
It needed a painstaking German to
f gure for us a set of statistics long de
eired, but of a sort that nobody cared
to tackle the tedium or the difficulty of
computing thorn. These figures are the
annual number of tourists in Europe
and the amount of money they spend.
The German's estimates cover the to
tals in both items, and, large as their
number is. the Americans do not con
stitute quite the whale of the globe's
yearly nomad population. But what
quantity of Americans do visit the old
world and what amount of money they
leave there may be guessed from this
German's computations.
Switzerland. he says, entertains
through the year 3,000,000 visitors, who
spend $30,000,000. Italy, the Riviera and
Spain between them attract an expend
iture of f69.000.000. The various great
capitals in all cull 545.000,000 that come
from the pockets of the 900,000 visitors
to Paris, the G00.000 to London, the 500,
000 to Berlin and the 250.000 to Vienna,
The baths and seaside resorts accom
modate 12,000,000 guests, who spend over
Jie.000,000.— Chicago Chronicle.
I Here's Santa Clans I
H He's giving away boxes of delicious candy ||
g to the ladies, and tcys and other good things to fa
[I the children who visit our two stores. Call and I
M seethe Christmas trees and get your presents I
g to-morrow. Cp?n every evening. KB g
1 .t&Q&S vSHOEftUHjOR IKftALSHOE 5T0RE1
% 216 PQSTTSr. I
li -""T"; — ' - -.- ——■ ■ ■ H
OYAM A'S OUTPOSTS HOLD
BACK ASSAILANTS.
Slavs Repulsed
in Minor En
gagements.
MUKDEN, Dec. 10.— It was snowing
today and general Quiet prevailed.
There was heavy cannonading Decem
ber 8 to the right of Poutiloff (Lone
Tree) Hill.
Lieutenant General Linevltch re
viewed the troops on the occasion of
the fete of St. George. There was gen
eral rejoicing everywhere. Trains are
running better on the trans-Siberian
railroad and more suitable cars have
been provided for the wounded. Warm
food and clothing, which have been
greatly needed, also have been sup
plied.
TOKIO, Dec. 10.— Imperial headquar
ters made the following announcement
this afternoon:
"On the night of December 8 the
enemy's infantry in the direction of
the Sha.khe River attacked our out
post at Siatankou. The attack was
repulsed.
"At 3 o'clock on the morning of De
cember 1> a force of the enemy of un
known strength pressed our outpost
in the reighborhood of the Shakhe rail
way, but was immediately repulsed.
"Subsequently, at 5 o'clock in the
morning, the enemy attacked our out
post northeast of the railway bridge.
The enemy gradually increased to
about a battalion and pressed our out
post for the purpose of enveloping it
from the northeast and from the west
ward. Simultaneously the enemy
fiercely ehelled Lamuting from the di
rection of Hanchlapao and Sufangtai,
but retreated at sunrise. The enemy
seems to have sustained heavy losses,
leaving several dead behind him. Our
casualties were two men slightly
wounded.
"On the morning of December 8 our
detachment dispatched in the direction
of Sunshakou encountered between
thirty and forty Russian troopers en
route and killed ten of them. The de
tachment reached Soutaitzu in the aft
ernoon. There were no Japanese cas
ualties."
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 10.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin reports some unimpor
tant encounters during the night of
December 18. Russian sharpshooters,
reconnoitering southeastward of *Bent
siaiutze, attacked a Japanese post,
bayoneted a number, and took eleven
prisoners, of whom only four tver*
wounded. The same night a number of
Japanese attacks were made on Rus
sian advanced entrenchments near the
railroad. All were repulsed.
Government Tobacco 3Ionopoly.
According to a law recently enacted,
though the Government of Ja;.an has
the exclusive right of tobacco manu
facture, the cultivation of leaf tobacco
is left to private growers as hereto
fore. Tobacco ls made at public fac
tories established in various parts of
the country. The manufactured ar
ticle is to be 6</ld to retailers through
the hands of wholesale merchants and
then to the consumer, the wholesale
merchants and retailers to be appoint
ed by the Government. In the case
of cigarettes the new monopoly law
went into effect in July, 1904, and the
requirements regarding cut tobacco
will go Into effect in April, 1905. The
tariff on cigars, cigarettes, snuff and
cut tobacco from the United States is
150 per cent under the law which went
into effect April 1. 1903.— Philadelphia
Record.
Lunatic Aliens.
That incoming aliens are not very
rigidly scrutinized is evident from the
astounding figures of a report an
nouncing that 60 per cent of the in
mates of New York insane asylums are
of alien birth and that no less than
ISO insane aliens who had been inmates
of foreign insane asylums are now
awaiting deportation. Meanwhile, of
the 474,380 individuals who cemprise the
average annual immigration into this
country a large percentage that should
come under the head of "undesirable"
and be returned to their native shores
are allowed to pass' with a cursory in
spection, and by just that number is
the population of our cities augmented
by criminals, paupers, beggars, anar
chists and the wretched flotsam and
jetsam of the undertow of . the old
world.— Butte Miner.
Knew Lord Byron.
There is now living at NIsh, Servia. a
man who was well acquainted with
Lord Byron. His name is Stovan Zik
itsch and he is 117 years old. Though
probably the oldest man living to-day,
he is wonderfully vigorous, with clear
memory, good eyesight, and strong,
hearty voice. He had much to say of
his adventures in fighting against the
Turks in his earlier years. He took
part in the war which gave the Greeks
their freedom, and he recalls Lord By
ron as "a young, curly-headed English
man much loved by the Greeks, whose
death, occurring during the insurrec
tion, they mourned deeply." Lord By
ron has been dead eighty years. — Ex
change.
ADVEKTlSEilKXTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 11. 1904.
Japanese Lose a
Cruiser and
Forty Men.
TOKIO, Dec. 10.— The Japanese cruis
er Saiyen struck a mine and sank on
November 30. The majority of her crew
were rescued. The Navy Department
has issued the following announce
ment:
"A detached squadron, with the Sai
yen as the flagship, while co-operating
with the armv in bombarding the en
emy at Port Arthur was at -the' same
time engaged in blockading in " force.
The Saiyen struck a mine of the enemy
on November 30 and was soon en
veloped in smoke. The gun vessel Aka
gi, which was engaged in shelling the
enemy, immediately stopped work and
came to the rescue of the sinking
cruiser. Finding that the Saiyen was
making water rapidly, the Akagl an
chored near her and, co-operating with
other comrade ships arid launches, suc
ceeded in rescuing fifteen officers and
175 men, but Captain Tajima and thir
ty-eight others went down with the
ship.
"The Saiven, commanding the de
tached squadron, was often exposed to
dangers, yet often effected distin
guished services. It is highly regretta
ble that such a ship should have met
with such a great misfortune."
The Saiyen, formerly called the Tsl
yuen, was launched at Stettin, Prussia,
in 1883. Her displacement was 2261 tons
and she had an indicated horsepower of
2800. Her EDeed was fourteen knots.
FEAR CITADEL. AYILL. FALL.
French' Are Losing Faith in Port Ar
thur's Impregnability.
PARIS. Dec. 10. — The Port Arthur
crisis is shaking the faith of French
military critics, who heretofore have
bc-en positive that the fortress is im
pregnable. There is an inner line of
defenses, they claim, whereas the Brit
ish critics deny that any inner line
exists.
There is reason to believe that the
French view is based on the recent
personal observations of Lieutenant de
Cuverville, the French naval attache
at Port Arthur, who mysteriously dis
appeared. Prior to his disappearance
he gave the headquarters' staff elab
orate reports, leading to the belief
that the fortress was capable of fur
ther lengthy endurance.
A leading naval authority expresses
thi belief that the Japanese, after de
feating the Russian second Pacific
sauadron, will send a Japanese squad
ron to European waters over the route
that Admiral Rojestvensky's squad
ron has traveled. He points out that
the coaling of the vessels of the Pacific
squadron at Dakar, Jibutil and French
ports has established a precedent,
which in turn will be an expected ad
vantage to the Japanese, as the latter's
squadron, coming to Europe, will be
in a position to ask for coal at the
same ports now supplying the Rus
sians.
BIDS FOR BEST
BATTLESHIP
The New Hampshire Intend
ed to Surpass All the Eest
of Navy in Armor and Speed
COST ABOUT $4,400,00
Will Have Heavier Arma
ment Than Any American
Vessel Ailoat or on .Ways
Bids will be opened at the Navy De
partment at noon December 15 for the
construction of the New Hampshire, a
first-class battleship, carrying the
heaviest armor and most powerful arm
ament for a vessel of its class upon a
trial displacement of not more than 16,
000 tons, to have the highest practicable^
speed and great radius of action, andi
to cost, exclusive of armor and arma
ment, not exceeding $4,400,000.
The vessel is to be built, fitted and
equipped complete for sea by the con
tractor in accordance with plans and
specifications to be furnished by the
Secretary of the Navy, with the excep
tion that the- armor, ordnance, ordnance
outfit and sea stores will be furnished
by the Government, but the contractor
is to fit and secure all armor, ordnance
and ordnance outfit. The failure to
complete the vessel within forty-two
months will involve penalties as fol
lows: Three hundred dollars a day for
the first month succeeding the expira
tion of the period fixed by the con
tract, and $600 a] day thereafter until
the vessel is completed and delivered as
prescribed by the contract.
MUCH DEPENDS OX SPEED.
'If the speed on the four-hour speed
trial falls below eighteen knots and
exceeds seventeen and one-half knots
an hour the vessel will be accepted, so
far as speed is concerned, but at a' re
duced price, the reduction being at the
rate of $50,000 a quarter knot 'de
ficiency of speed from '■ eighteen to
seventeen and three-quarters knot, and
at the rate of $100,000 a quarter knot
deficiency of speed from seventeen and
three-quarters to seventeen and one
half. If the speed on the hour speed
trial falls below seventeen and one
hz\t knota an'hour the vessel will, at
the discretion- of the Secretary of the
Navy, be rejected or accepted at a re
duced price to be agreed upon by the
Secretary and the contractor. In case
of rejection any money that may, have
been paid , the , contractor on account
shall .be refunded.
The vessel will measure -450 feet In
length and 76 feet 10 inches In breadth
at load water line and will have a. total
coal bunker capacity of " about 2350
tons.
Her main battery .will consist of four
twelve-inch breech-loading rifles, eight
eight-inch breech-loading rifles, twelve
seven-inch breech-loading rifles and
four submerged- torpedo tubes. Her
secondary, battery, will consist of twen
ty three-inch fourteen-pounder rapid
fire . guns, three-pounder^ seml-
Exchange Their
Swords Prior
to War.
TOKIO, Dec. 10.— An interesting
story of the great struggle at arms be
tween Japan and Russia lies in a long
established personal friendship be
tween General Terauchi, Minister of
War of Japan, and General Kuropat
kin, commander in chief of the Rus
sian armies in Manchuria, and an ex
change of ( swords as presents between
them on ithe eve of war. Kuropat
kin and Terauchi met in Paris
twenty years ago. Terauchi, then a
major, was military attache to the
Japanese legation in the French capi
tal, and Kuropatkin, a major general
at that time, went to France to ob
serve the military maneuvers. The
two soldiers first met officially and
there soon sprang up between them a
feeling of warm friendship and regard.
They parted in Paris and did not meet
until Kuropatkin came to Japan last
year. The lapse of years had brought
Increased rank and Cabinet portfolios
for both and their reunion was an
Interesting one. ...
Events were then moving rapidly
toward war, but the rupture had not
come and the two Ministers met as
friends and freely enjoyed the reunion.
When Kuropatkin was about to leave
Japan for home Terauchi presented to
him a Japanese sword with a blade of
the finest workmanship apd an inter
esting history. When he reached, St.
Petersburg Kuropatkin gave an order
for the manufacture of a Russian
sword for his friend Terauchi. It was
finished and' dispatched in December
and reached the Japanese capital a
week before Togo's guns opened fire
on Port Arthur.
A somewhat peculiar thing about
the Russian sword is that it reached
Tokio with the blade keenly sharpened
a custom followed by officers as a rule
only in time of war, and among the
few who knew of the existence of the
weapon there has been much discus
sion as to why it was sharpened. The
sword is a handsome weapon. It is
shaped more' like a saber than the
conventional sword of the time, it has
a handle of gold and the black scab
bard in which it rests is tipped with
gold.' Despite the gulf that divides
the two peoples, despite. the fact that
their soldiers and skill are pitted in a
gigantic struggle. Terauchi speaks
fondly and' respectfully of his old sbl
dier friend. Indeed, throughout all
Japan Kuropatkin is held in distinct
respect by the people at large, many
of whom believe tha*. if he had been
at home in Russia last year the men
who made the war would never have
gained the ascendency.
automatic guns, four one-pounder
semi-automatic guns, two three-inch
Held pieces, two machine guns having
a caliber of .30, and two automatic
guns, also having a caliber of .30. .
NINE INCHES OF ARMOR.
The hull of the boat is to be protected
at the water line by a complete belt lit
armor nine feet three inches .wide, hav
ing a uniform thickness of nine inches
amidships, gradually decreased to four
inches at the stem and stern. The
boat's conning tower will be nine inches
thick, door six inches thick and the
signal tower will be four inches thick.
There will be a complete protective
deck, extending from stem to stem, the
deck being flat amidships, but sloped
at the sides throughout and sloped at
each end. *
The engines will be of the vertical
twin-screw, four-cylinder, triple-ex
pansion type, of a combined indicated
horsepower of 16,500 and arranged for
outboard turning propellers when go
ing ahead. There will be twelve water
tube boilers, placed in six water-tight
compartments.
'With the exception of the auxiliaries
to be operated by steam, all "power on
board of the vessel will be electric, as.
iRl^fciS . I This Overcoat* 10
> .i'Vi %y ;^^'" : i : 'H^' t Kain Coats at* the Same Price
\h-tg ': - : - 5^^^^^k W e man W^° as C^°^ nes *° b li y during
.ij&- g|; l^^^^^^&r'®^ December when his money could be used in so
IUl :^^^^^S^^^^^^^^^^^" . We a ?" e manutacturers > wholesalers and re-
;•.' -^^^^^^^^ . ' '• ££BK Francisco occupies this distinctive position.
f^^^^^^g^^^ -''":'. They must buy from manufacturers and pay the
; ":VPS§£ > These evident advantages enable us to sell
•^^^^^^^^^^^^ - ' "_ '"• ! you good clothes of our make at prices about
, , •• ' ' ;> twenty-five per cent lower than you pay else-
If you want a suit, an overcoat, or a cravenette
' we can sel1 y° u one from §'° u p J 0 $30, for
'^^^^^^^S^^H^^P^^- • • • one-fourth less than you must pay in any other
'■H|^H^^''\ ■ , ,;,4^ ;; this out have built up our business so that to-
CUPS AND SAUCERS FREE g\ \JLi\'J^lf\g\ BtTV 4"fo SANTA CLAUS "IS. HERE
Beautifully decorated cups and •#%§• WW 1 1 1 i 1 | Ai § H j| Old Santy gives candy free to
saucers for serving black coffee; \J j 1> "^ %*&J fj children who are accompanied
one free with a purchase amount- •» ■ ■*-.*■* ' . ***&""' V^— by adults. Come and see aim in
ing to $1 LOO or over. 740 Market Street his cozy lit>Ue house.
CHARITY HOSPITALS AND NURSES
RE ON PE-RU-NA T gure COUGHS, COLDS,
on rL I1U..WV .-cure. GRIP, CATARRH
ti$Jrf\ *"'*'*^% l 'i h Fr sT a Cathollc . instltutioa ln Ohl ° comes the following recommend from ;
l^iv 1 *^ ' "Some years ago a friend of our institution recommended to us Dr. Hart- )
BUM/X JffiXTV^^S VQ^ ' man's Peruna as an excellent remedy for the influenza, of which we then had \
■*£»tyjy^ g^ak^jS^S. JSSj \ several cases which threatened to be of a serious character. '
W fZZ- [ >[ "Wo began to use it and experienced such wonderful results that since then ?!
.... _ . . ;! Feruna has become our favorite medicine for influenza, catarrh, cold, cough and '
A Letter rrom Detroit 1 bronchitis"— Sister Superior^ !
Dr. S. B. Hartman. Columbus, Ohio: lOj ~ Lru " u "^ JW^^^
Dear Sir — "The young girl who used In every country of the civilized world Another letter received from the sarna
the Peruna. was suffering from laryngl- the Sisters of Charity are known. Institution reads aa follows:
tis and loss of voice. The result of the v nt nT .i v ,i n th»v minister tn th» . n ir. 71.CZ
treatment was most satisfactory. Sne itual and intoHeSl needs of ?ho^t Sth v hre ? we « ks a «° J to tell yon
found great relief, and after further use who m thev coml In Mntaci taft thev boW "a" 8 *"*"^ w f found P eruna - w «
of the medicine we hope to be able to m ini? te r to thSr bodHv needs recommend it highly- for colds, coughs,
say she is entirely cured."— Sisters of ml "[ ster to theI f bod »y needs - catarrh and neuralgia.
the Slstors of Charity and used Peruna 1/ coiiSs naUMt sufferers teaspoor.ful every half hour." •
for catarrh of the throat, with good re- Djr countless patient sunerers.
suits. a3 the above letter testifies. d M i-«f m ™ r, na^ A r «™ ed y that would act Immediately
Praise rrom Canada. upon the congested mucous membrane,
Pc-ru-na Of Great Service. i V' ' „ „, ... restoring It to its normal state, would
,«. m < u <*• u «, .. w^i wiw*-. Another prominent Canadian lnstltu- consequently cure all these diseases.
Another recommend from a Catholic tlon writes: v --,-.
institution in one of the Central States .. W( » nrP hannv tn tpii vnn that p»nini ~ ~
reads as follows: has^ivYn S^iSaSiU. 0 " *" F °™* Pe-ru-na Contains No Narcotics.
A number of years ago our attention .
was called to Dr. Hartman's Peruna. and J yiree patients have tried it, one six- - reason why Peruna has found n#r-
sinc* th*n we have used it with wonder- V e f rs ? ld : Renoui Dupuis afflict- m £^ ™"e"n «f S homes is that It
ful results for grip, coughs, colds and «^ 4JJ catarrh is much m^re
catarrhal diseases. than he has been for a number or years. runa , s perfectly harm i ess ; lt can ba
_ ... . „ " A young girl, fifteen years old. had used any lenjrth of time without acyuir-
"Fcrgnp and winter catarrh especially an obstinate cough, which half a bottle ing a drug habit. Peruna does not pro-
it has been of great service to ths inmates of Peruna caused to disappear. duce temporary results. It is permanent
2'r'fi.tm /„«,<,/„/,„„ •• v.'mtmt c..««- a,. "As to myself, two bottles have con- In Its effect.
of this institution, -Sisier Superior. vlnced me that Pernna ls ma^niflcent as it has no enTect UDOn the mtm
These are samples of letters received j a tonic. Before the treatment I . could Inot and gradually .eliminates catarrh by r?
by Dr. Hartman from the .various orders walk for a quarter of an hour without mO vlntr the cause of catarrh. There ara
of Catholic Sisters throughout the Unit- I experiencing much fatigue. Now I can a mu ititude of homes where Peruna has
ed States and Canada. ■ walk a mile easily. -;.*;. . f been used off and on for twenty years.
The names and addresses have been "Through these three cases we desire Such a thins could not be possible I! Pe-
wlthheld from respect to the Sisters, but i to make known to the public the efQ- runa contained any drugs of a narcotic
will be furnished upon request. I ciency of your remedy." nature.
Ask Your Druggist for Free Peruna Almanac for 1905
for instance, refrigerating plant, boat
cranes, deck winches, : turret-turning
motors, ventilation blower motors, etc..
The vessel is to be heated with steam
throughout and the usual steam-heat
ing will be provided and installed by
the contractor.
The vessel will have steel masts, for
ward and aft, the foremast having an
upper and lower top, the mainmast a
lower top only. Masts are to be ar
ranged for wireless telegraphy. There
will be one signal yard on each mast,
also a searchlight platform forward
and aft, with a lookout platform on
foremast.
DIZZY BRIDGES HIGH .
UP IN THE ANDES
Frail nnd Swaying Suspension Devices
of Former Days Gradually
Disappearing.
With the building of railways and
wagon roads Into the heart of the
South American Andes there is grad-
ADVEUTISEatENTS.
ually. disappearing a type of suspen
sion bridge peculiar to that reg'ion'of
which travelers used to speak with
horror.
These bridges are on the mountain
trails. Long ropes of twisted vines
are stretched from one side of a deep
gorge to the other and made fast to
trees on each side. Then a rude floor
ing is laid and other ropes of twisted
vines form the handrails on either
side of the footway. The bridge ls so
loosely hung that It sways frightfully
under foot, and roaring torrents dash
over rocks a thousand feet or more
below. Yet the Indians cross them
without fear of dizziness, carrying
heavy loads on their backs and mind
ing the passage no-more than if they
were walking across the Brooklyn
bridge.
To others, however, they are dan
gerous places, for if a man loses his
"nerve" or becomes dizzy the chances
are that he will fall off and be dashed
ADVEKTISEJIEVfS.
to pieces, ' because the side ropes are
so loose " that they • offer little or no
protection, and the roaring of the tor
rent, the swaying of th«_ frail struc
ture, which hardly allows the traveler
to keep his feet, and the sense of be
ing suspended ln midair above Im
mense depths Is enough to try the
hardiest and most level-headed per
son.'
When the Spaniards conquered
Peru these were the only sort of
bridges there, but t!.e Inca Kings had
them built on such a Errand scale that
the Invaders were able to ride across
them on their horses clothed ln full
mall, though they took the precaution
to blindfold their chargers before they
urged them on the swaying structure.
— Chicago Inter Ocean.
F. "W. GLOVER TO LECTURE.— The Ep
worth League of the Howard-street Mcthodtit
Episcopal Church has arranged with F. W.
Glover of New Zealand to give an Illustrated
lecture to-morrow night.
2930
| dies and nuts that bring but* a litter and stomach ache? Why not* buy something useful? Come in Monday
j and we will show you scores of pretty things that, are most* suitable for Xmas gifts. Buy now, pay at, your
I leisure. Christmas is a hard time at, best. Furniture brings fond remembrance for years to come : v : 5
L Au^J:! ffiflm looks at lc«t double the value c , or R I | size Made with high head of. .ip^g^gW^,, J
I j WM$ This week M.85 \\ 1 I beautifully lacquered, highly I |
H ftrfSTgw-^^V'" 1^ ROMAN V'l I burnished brass. Similar reduc- I v l . . "
I '9f iM CHAIR-Gfma- \ 1' I t^s in the entire' CMQ '
I hofanyfinij^or $J!?~ ~ Hne; this one now y»y» /p- CHIFFONIERS—
\{ COMBINATION in t P r S)m' orT ¥| % *~ ' ~~~.. — 7 — This line of bi?, wide
i BOOKCASE and La- brary. Upholster- | D R ES S ING i YOU CAN BUY NOW five-drawer chiffon-
|ci«;Vnti, g D C sk-In 1 and have your selection stored, iers of golden oak,
| go^n oak. glass front, A rf £ woo is bji !O00 to Our. Santa Claus wagon will Ffench g bevd , t
I bevdmxrror; has musxc piecc o{ fufn f t;ire W»^| «gJ tablet |S P^sent your gift whenever and . ncn . "Tj ?
I cabinet below. A beau- ia curved outiinr, W Wk S^^r miUgany. wherever you wish mirror, lock and brass
g^r e $17.85 aad $ X45 I \ $31.50, I, ANDPAY LATER | gttoff y $ g 5Q
I ...XMAS SALE OF GAR.PETS AND DRAPERIES...
I $1.25 VELVET CARPETS— In two-tone greens and $6.50 , WOOL BLANKETS— The finest grade of Cali-
fs reds, drawing room and stair design. Sewed, OK- fornia's pure white wool woven into soft, warm ■* W
S laid and lined at this price; per yard O^C blankets and priced very economical; double bed VL/L SQ
a " size, perpair...... .:.....: *p-y.%^V
| $2.00 AXMINSTER CARPETS— A line we are closing NOVELTY CURTAINS-^-Of bobinet, three yards long,
i out; Oriental, floral and two-tone designs dj | Al(\ witla Battenberg lace insertion and edge, with a J I QC .
JL of red and green at, per yard ty ■ * •T! |l w dainty corner piece; $3.50 Values, per pair. . ■. .. . 4 .^r
I $5.00 RUGS— A very choice assortment of Axminster POSTER CUSHIONS — A handsome assortment of
Rup;s 36x72 inches, r M " MM ""* MM """"""^*^*™|™77T*™rT|T" MM "" M * aM^^* M **^"'^r'^ M^^ M ***^^^ beautiful subjects. 22x22
EXHORTATIONS
STIR MINERS
"\\VIsh Preacher Possesses
Magic Power Over People
of the Colliery Districts
CARDIFF. Dec 10.— Seldom have
such extraordinary manifestations of
v.hat tho pious call the "power of the
and skeptics deride as con
tisjious hysteria been witnessed as are
of daily occurrence at the revival
meetings conducted by Evans Roberts,
the collier preacher of Wales. All sorts
and conditions cf people — the well-to
do iui<1 the poverty stricken, the old
and the young, lads and lassies — are
equally affected by his exhortations
and abandon themselves to frenzies of
rciipinus fervor.
Under his magic influence young
eirln lose their shyness and address
crowded congregations, who are moved
to tears by their eloquence. Rough, un
educated miners proclaim their re
peBta&CQ and conversion In language
that seems inspired. Respectable, con
ventional folk, who ordinarily detest
scenes above all things, give way un
reservedly to an ecstasy of emotional
enthusiasm end fluently testify to their
chens^ of heart. Something that one
can only liiten to the "^ift of tongues"
nppean? to descend upon the crowds
v.hom Roberts addresses.
Already he has . been dubbed ' the
A 50c Bottle of Liquozone and Give It to Yoii to Try.
We want you to know about Liquo- It is a nerve food and'blood food — the Dysentery— Diarrhea Ekin Di»ea»es>
tone, -and the product itself /can tell most 1 helpful thing in the world to EjJ p^ p 1 *r I)rop " T stomach Trouble*
you more than we. So we ask you to >' ou - '*** effects are exhilarating, vi- Ec*ema— Ery«ipeia» TubercuuSs^, 1 *" "■■ "■■■
let us buy you a ;bottle-a full-size talizing, purifying. Yet it is a germi- gJISS^ut '*^SvSSS2&!ffi?3M
bottle-to try. Let it prove that it Cldc s o. «rtain that we. publish on oworrhea^ouet :■-. ; - wcmenT D isei.e, .
" ." * . . . . e €ver y bottle an Offer of $IOOO for a Air diseases that begin with fever-all in-
does what -medicine cannot do. See disease germ .that it cannot kill. The 1 } 11 «^«»o™'dii
what a tonic it is. Learn that it does reason is- that germs are vegetables, bl"^ 1 th ? r " ulta « Phoned
kill germs. Then -you will use it al- and Liquozone — like an excess of oxy- tJi1..? ervou "-' Ltquozpne acts as a n-
ways, as we do, and as millions of gen— is deadly to vegetal matter. ' ' •f c °FP»»»>«n* what no drus^ can do. ,
others do. There lies the great value of Liquo- ' '5OC Bottle' Fnee
This offer itself should convince zone. ItJs the only way known to V . .' y. ■^< -V*.
you that Liquozone does as we claim, kill germs in'.the body without killing If >you need -Liquozone and have
We would certainly not buy a bottle the tissue,- top. Any drug that kills never tried it,V please* send- ! us' thi3
and give it tojou if there wa^ any germs is' a poison, and it cannot be , coupon. We *will then mailyou an-or
doubt of results. You want those re- j. taken internally. -^Every physician der on a local druggist for a full
suits; you want to be well and to keep knows that medicine is almost help- size bottle,- and we will pay the drutr
well. And you can't do that— nobody less in any germ disease. "- gist ourselves for it This is our free
can-without Liquozone. >._ n| _. C( , c }; Ki£t.:made.to/c6nvince you; to show
We Paid $100,000 Th Ger !" Dls^^; S^SBfS^^S
For the American rights to . iW A^^M^S 3?£ '*&
Z^Zr^^^^ ■ Liquozonf^s^nd- $ , ,,
csans and hospitals, after proving, m rect and uncertain.. Liquozone attacks '-' CUT OUT THIS COUPON "•'■
thousands of different . cases, that the "germs, wherever they* are. And for thl » offer °»*y not appear again. ; fjij ;
Liquozone^destroys the cause of any when the germs which /cause a disease Orowfco 3 .!* lol-^Waba." aJ^cmSI 1
germ diseased . • are destroyed, the disease must end ' " - • •. .* ■- -.•- ■-■:.
Liquozdne-has, for more than ,20 and forever.; That is inevitable: M ? h^fnev^^^^oni^i-g^V
>*?™<bc™\$e constant sublet vl ABtbma ria^rerer-lnflue;^ . will wpply m. a 50c. q bottl..W " w?, 1 }.
Scientific ar.d {liemical research. It IS Abicess— Anaemia ■ Kidney s Diseases -™ ; t*k»«lt.- ■.,.,.,«, -£k:r- - *i-'-'-'- —^ -'
not made by compounding drugs, nor BiSSTpcuon . JSufofe • ....;............
V.'Ith alcohol. Its Virtues are derived Brlchfa Dlsea»» Liver Trouble*
solely from gas-largely oxygen'gas- gS&ZgJKT mn^HTa^Tro^ie, '"^ •••••••••••••••••;••...•.
by a process requiring immense appa- Con*un.pt!on Plle^-Pneumonla 514^^^*'GlvV.Vnti\aa"ressllwrite'Vlai;i;
ratus and 14 days' time. The result IS Sn^u o ? Pleurisy-Quinsy * ° 14 address-write plainly. _
a Liquid that docs what oxygen does. I ££&^^ Su^Sphiiu i^^^!^^S^u^feS^^,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Welsh Wesley." But it would be dif
ficult to conceive of a man who dif
fers more widely from the renowned
founder of modern Methodism. Of
learning and culture he possesses only
the barest, rudiments. Theology is to
him a. sealed book. Until a few months
ago he was- working in a colliery and
there was little to distinguish ,him
from mindr^ds of men among whom he
was carnine: his daily bread. He is
2(> years old, of middle height, fair
haired and with light blue eyes that no
one could correctly characterize s.s ex
pressive.
Apart from h'.s religious work he dis
plays none of those extraordinary
psychological qualities which 'invest
him with puch wonderful powers » in
the pulpit. In private life he is utter
ly lacking in personal magnetism. He
is shy, nervous, awkward, and his
speech Is far from fluent. On meeting
him for the first time one inevitably
falls to wondering as to the secret of
his tremendous influence as an evan
gelist.
RECEIVED A MESSAGE.
His own story of it is far more inter
esting than any theory that may be
advanced to account for it. In the
collieries he pondered much over the
problems of life as presented by those
among whom his lot had been cast,
and came to th<? conclusion that relig
ion alone — Christian religion — could
moke happiness and blessedness com
patible with grinding toll. He saved
■what he could from his wages that he
might enter a nonconformist college
and study for the ministry. He had
been there only a few weeks when
something happened. •
"I was baptised by the Spirit there,"
he told a visitor. "Afterward it sent
me a message. 'Go home for a week,'
it commanded. So I obeyed. At my
home another message was given me.
It told me to ko forth with three wo
men. Their names were even mention-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, . DECEMBER ,il, 1904.
ed. • ' I ■ communicated • the message to
them. They obeyed. Two others "fol-;
lowed."
"How •rtaSjtlils baptism of <the Spirit
manifeStedr he was asked. ' ' '
"God. seized hold of me. He pressed
me down to the earth. I felt the weight
of his hand.UDon.me, for my face wjis
purple. My mother .had" tlie same ex
perience when .she .-was' converted! She
fell to the . ground, so that, • people
thoug-ht she: was ill. I have'surren
dered "my life to the keeping: of the
Spirit. I go where it 1 summons me.
Even now I am. waiting the' Master's
bidding. Ah, It is' a grand life.. I am
s.o happy, so happy. that I could walk
on air. Tired ?. Never. God has, made
me strong. He has given me courage.
I could face millions." ' ' '
. SI^*CKRE IX HIS FAITH.
The sincerity of his faith in. all' this is
beyond, question.. Fired with the sense
of a divine mission miraculously com
municated, when he addresses himself
to the fulfillment of it all rhls. awk
wardness, :■ shyness < and/ self-restraint
vanish. In 'the pulpit he Is absolutely
devoid of ' self-consciousness. His face
glows with the enthusiafeni that con
sumes him. He takes no thought of
what he Is to say, he will tell you, and
yet he is never a.t a loss lor a phrase.
He holds his congregation for hours.
In some strange fashion he imparts to
them the same frenzy that possesses
him. As he speaks .men and women
bury their fades in "their.. hands and
sob aloud. When he pauses, others
jump to their feet and put .forth their
petitions or stories of marvelous 'con
version and contrition. It may be that
some rough, unkempt* toller, who has
never spoke'n a tfprd ln public *efore,
•will pray and exhort a fluency
and fervor* that knows ho check^until
exhaustion overpowers him. ..\ .
And. yet., this untutored, preacher,
■whose .Influence over hisrauditors ex-
ceeds that of the most gifted divine, is
in*;jio sense an. .orator, even in' : what
might- be termed Jlils most inspired
niorpents. .r There Ais^np method in his
a'fldr^ifees.t^fl'rinted^verbatira l they
would-, make ippor. ''reading. ..But they
move his hearers as people are never
stirred >by the most renowned of pulpit
orators.
. He differs from all, revivalists in the
wqy he reveals the joy and. happiness
his faith has brought him. He smiles
when he > prays;- he -gives way to bursts
of laughter when he -exhorts. His re
ligion v is full of mirth. Perhaps this may
account in some measure .for the won
drous influence he. exercises. For most
of those composing his audiences this
life is hard and sordid, and they must
feel it is worth- something to obtain
such happiness as he has found. But it
is precisely this feature of his work
over which many "Welsh ministers
shake their heads in grave disapproval.
With them religion Is a solemn busi
ness, and laughter in church or chapel
appears hardly less a desecration than
an oath. They don't know what to
make of the collier preacher's use of it.
But the common people" at least have
no. such misgivings. The collier preach
er has. taken them -.by storm and, his
success among them is assured. They
want. a religion that will give them a
lively sense of happiness in this world
as well as assurance of It in the next,
and .'this it is that Evan Roberts pre
sents to them. . - .:
CKASE WORK TO PRAY.
At many factories men have stopped
work to hold prayer meetings, and pro
prietors complain that this -leads to a
serious loss of money. At a big tinplate
works the other morning^the men all
dropped thelr'-tools and for three-quar
ters of an hour they held a praper
meeting, Ayhile the machinery stood
idle. They prayed for the manager, too.
He would rather have had the money
lost -while they were praying than their
prayers.
"If a man wishes to commune with
his Maker," he said, "he should do so
in the; solitude of his bedchamber or.'ln
his church 6r:chai>eL^A large worksite
the wrong place.'. Ifthi3 thing, goes, o'n
we shall have to do something to put
a stop to it." ■ • ■<
It is understood that when the collier
pjea^her finishes his mission he will re
sume his studies; for the ministry. ■.
NAPA.VALLKY RESIpE.NT, v i
- -JITlSTERIOUSIJY- DISAPPEARS
Friends Fchr\Thnt He Is the Victim
' •':■, of Fohl 'Play and Xotiry the -
'. .. Authorities.
P NAPA, Dec. ' 10.-^- John Hittel, an
• bid; "and well known [resident of Napa
Valley, who owns a place near Calis-»
toga, has mysteriously disappeared. , It
ia ten days since Hittel has been seen
and to-day the Sheriff's. office in Napa
•was • notitted of his disappearance.
Hittel iwas -last seen when he left his
house' to show a hired man where he
wanted some pruning done. He evi
dently 1 returned to • the ■ house, . as the
door was still open the next \ day. • >lt
is feared that Hittel has met 'with foul
tplay or. has taken his own ' life. He
was '.separated from hla s ,wife.
l>eptroyer Paul Jones ln Port.
' SEATTLE, Dec. 10.— The -United
"States ' torpedo-boat destroyer Paul
Jones. arrived in port to-day for mail
and iordera..' The vessel" has v J been^ on
the I Sound the past*' month . preparing
for thp" target practice of- the -'Pacific
squadron next March; The/Paul Jones
will sail Monday for the Puget Sound
navy yard, t ;
Dcatli" of a Prominent Utair Man.
-s^OS-^ANGELES, ■.'-; Dec. .-. 1.0.--H.,, J.
Faust was found dead in his bed- at
the Clifton House. North ; Broadway
and Temple ; street,'. this " morning from
heart . diseaftie. Faust arrived at . the
hotel two ''days ago. Letters found In
his pocket • indicated that he waa
prominent in irrigation enterprises in
Tltah.'^:" 1 "'' :?-"■-; •V'-'-o -.;-■■>--■ ■ -•- ■ < - ■■-•■'..' :.;■'
READJUSTING
STOCK VALUES
Market Closes Very Strong
Notwithstanding a Heavy
liquidation During Week
RUM0KS STIR BK0KEES
Speculators Make a Quick
Becovery From the Crash
Due to Thursday's Flurry
..NE^YORK, Dec 10/— Further prog
ress .TvaB, made in to-day's two-hour
session toward restoring the impair
ment of ' values In, the stock market
caused by the, week's heavy liquidation.
The -larrest -declines have been very
much reduced. There was some evi
dence of renewed < liquidation In some
spots at times, but the whole -market
became very strong: In the late trading
and closed firm near the best. The cov
ering of short contracts by a retreating
bear party .apparently played a consid
erable part In the rise, and the demand
was rather urgent at some 'points, no
tably in Amalgamated Copper.
Rumors were revived of property con
solidations, - coming dividend . surprises,
capital readjustment and other symp
tom* which t characterized the market
up- to .the time of the crash, and the
speculation took on much the same ap
pearance as before that event. North
ern Securities touched* a new high reo
ord on the curb, and the settlement ru
mors regarding that i corporation re
newed their potent effect' on specula
tive sentiment. The bank statement
conformed to . calculations In the cash
Item, and. the stock market liquidation
waa-reflected In the loan contraction of
$8,513,500, resulting In an addition to
the surplus reserve of $826,125.- Foreign
exchange turned firm,' and Berlin's re
newed demand on London for gold at
tracted attention. Total sales of bonds,
par value, $2,635,000. '
Heavy liquidation has occurred this
week in the stock market, and the. In
creasing momentum, of the downward
movement • resulted in a crash oh
Thursday, which took on the propor
tions of a panic 'during an hour. No
failures resulted, and the market quick
ly showed the relief caused by the clos
ing out of \veak accounts. and recovered
violently. It was not free from feverish
symptoms subsequently, and was en
tirely natural after the spasmodic uri
settlement of values and the readjust
ments which were made necessary. Dis
cussion of - the causes of -the».;'break
pointed, to t one and another fact, and
the combination of all of. them may
have helped to topple the market over.
But the opinion Is agreed ' that the
market has become extremely vulner
able and topheavy arid ; needs only a
Elight impulse to tip it- over. . .
The drop in prices from the extreme
high to the extreme "low level of the
week ran between ten and twenty-flve
points fcr a considerable number of
important -properties and proved suffi
cient to bring into the market. an im
portant demand of a substantial In-:
vestment character, which began to
absorb the stream of liquidation and
take it out of the market.' The slump
in" stocks had .some 'Immediate effect
on the markets for other staple com
modities, .especially grain', 'cotton arid
copper, and some further, reflex effect
is looked for in other departments. But
confidence in the- general- soundness of
the financial and business condition
seems unimpaired in the financial dis
trict and the svock market itself gives
abundant evidence- of -its improved
health . by^ reason of the sweeping out
of weak points and its settlement to a
more -substantial basis of prices.
'Bonds 'were affected In sympathy
with stocks/ but in less degTee. United
States 2's and the olds have advanced
& v E[nd the new 4's registered "4 per
cent on call during the week. ■
MeGRATH MUST FA^>E
CHARGE OF MANSLAUGHTER
SAUSALJTO, Dec. 10. — Francis Mcv
Grnth, the ex-pugillst, "who ' was ar
rested for assaulting Quartermaster
Taylor of the revenue cutter Bear, ap
peared before Judge Pryor to-day on
a charge of manslaughter. McGrath
and Taylor came to blows last Sun
day evening. Taylor was struck Jn the
stomach and died a few days later
at the Marine Hospital in San Fran
cisco. After taking the testimony of
several witnesses Judge Pryor , held
McGrath to answer before the- Su
perior Court with bail fixed at $500,0.
_- .ADVKimSEME.Vrs. ■ '
/g§LgggjJrrTg|k\ Take it in band
/jj*jf^"-\^S***B»\ at , once, „■ before j
(Wf$^^ wlntPr SPts ln - If i
'i@£§£&s£S*&\fir \'y r 'ii don't pot rid
ot Catarrli soon
%gff jg> -^ V«^f 'T^ there's certain
1 " -^v ' danger ahead, for
H^By you'll meet the
&ffl< / extreme cold wea- j
Sl?5| / I •'-. ; .-ther with your
-' '~J .: system r terribly
ufEsS '■§■>■■ .treacherous. . pot-
Wh^re 'Caicrr'i Sta-ts' sonou S't ro u b 1 e
tarrh unchecked, the active.' pernicious
germs are bound- to pass from the head
'to: the throat— from ' the threat to the I
lunes. Itemember— rCatarrh la more than
a. JiscusUhj;,' loathsome . disease — It's a ter-
rUjly ■ dangerous • one. %■ NEGLPXTTKL) ■. CA-
TAHRH. ENDS IN CONSUMPTION. Take
care of,'; It NOW,' for by .Winter It may be
tec late- '■■. ..--.-
"•Accept the Bencrous offer of Catarrh Spec-
ialist Sproule— a man. who has studied Catarrh
for-nlnsteen years— -who- has cured case alter
■cas«.\tfhere other doctors and other treatment*
have utterly failed. He will gladly give you
th'p most valuable " .■ .
WesSjeaS Advice Free
on curing Catarrh. 'Without paying a cent' you
will receive from this great ' Catarrh Specialist
the most reliable and helpful Information, that
will show; you just how. to cure your Catarrh
aboclutely and permanently. Don't lose
this chance to get the v#ry help • you need.
Answer the questions yes or no, write ypur
name and address plainly on the dotted ! lines
cut out the coupon and send It -without delay
to Catarrh Specialist Suroule, 165 Trade
Building-, Boston.
r FREE WIEOICAL ADVICE COUPOH
U your breath J 'out t •"' -■' ■* • .
. Do you take cold easily T ■
li yournoie stopped up f v
Do you hace to spit often f ~: •
Does your mouth tatts bad mornlnci f ■
Do vou have a dull feeling In your head f
It there a tickling tentalton in your throat?
Do you hate an unpleasant dit charge from the
' noeet -.' ..
Doee the mucus drop into your throat from the
■ note t " -
NAME .'. ..•-.-. :>*. w. . . |
\DDRESS.:.. ......:.......«.-.-• j
FALSE TEETH
FOR FELONS
Prison Directors Authorize
Warden of San Quentin to
Buy Sets" for Two Felons
HAKKINS CASE IS-HEAKD
Governor Will Be Asked to
Transfer Boy Murderer to
Some State. Institution
Special Dispatch to Til* Call
BAN RAFAEL, Dec 10- — The rer
ular monthly meeting of tha State
Board of Prison Directors was held
to-day at San Quentin prison. A
number of applicants for parole ap
peared before tha board, but tha pe
titions were not acted upon. The board
took up the case of Claude Hankln,
a 14-year-old Marysville boy serving
a term of sixteen years for murder.
On account of the boy's age Governor
Fardee will be asked to send 'him to a
public Institution. »j?
Warden Toznpklns was authorized
to purchase set* of falsa teeth for two
prisoners, the cost not to exceed 130.
The board will meet at Folaom next
Saturday. ■".;*,■
BEDS ' ON THE CANNERIES
ARE CONSIDERED TOO LOW
Court Ukely to Reject Offers for Pa
cific Pacldns and Navigation
■;•-■ Company Holdings. .
BELLINGHAM. Wash.. Dec 10. —
With bids on but a portion of tha
properties/ and most of these so low
that it is declared the courts will re
fuse to confirm them, the sale of tha
Paciflo Packing and Navigation Com
pany holdings on behalf of the re
ceivers was adjourned to-day until
next Saturday. December 17. No
offers were made at all for many
canneries.. The total of all bids re*
corded was $164,100.
ADVEIV
ARE YOU SICK?
. If so,, where? . , " ' ' : ■
Headache?
- :Dry, hacking 'cough?
Foul tongue?' v . -.
Loss of appetite? ; "i
Lack of energy?
Pain in stomach?
Bowels?
General weakness?
These are but a few of -the signs of
indigestion.
Some others are: Wind ftvthe stom-
ach or bowels; constipation or diar-
rhea; pale complexion; spots : before the
eyes;. dizziness; loss of flesh; irritabil-
ity; sleeplessness; nervousness.
All. these symptoms will plague and
torment you, and will never perma-
nently leave you, once you suffer from
them; only are sure, in to get
worse, if not treated by the best known
scientific method of .cure — Stuart's
Dyspepsia^ Tablets.
These curative tablets are composed
of ingredients" which modern knowledge
of the tnie lhvfard processes of diges-
tion approve ofT" as forming -the ifbest,
safest, surest and most scientific com-
bination of medicinal drugs that can
be used to relieve all the conditions of
ill-health brought on by- this much-
dreaded disorder. ." " ; I-,;-
A disease so "protean" or changeable
in its manifestations, assuming so
many forms, characterized by so many
different that, more times
than not, it is mistaken for some other
disease altogether, and the poor patient
may ; die, or at best allow the seeds of
permanent, chronic sickness to germ-
inate and take root in his' system.
" So 1 it is a real danger we ask you to
avoid, when we. say: In case of doubt,
take Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Even if disordered digestion is not
the real cause of your sickness (which,
probably, though, -It is), yet your di-
gestion is nearly certain to be out of
order, and If allowed to remain so will
seriously complicate your sickness for
you. ';-.
' Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, then, will
be sure to do you. good, and will not
interfere with any other medicine you
may be taking. . : >
They will help to make your .food
make you strong, and thus. If in no
other way, help you back to health by
helping your system to throw off dis-
ease like a healthy duck shakes water
off its back. • -
Shake off your sickness with Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets. -• . ~V
&%WtudaA*wm>
1 lOv Ferfcct Fi *tlna f/fY
l if Eyeglasses Q\
J it Moderate, Cos! (,
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
. i 315 aiontsroEierr Strett.
Capita!, paid up . .... $ 600,000
fivitiends paid to depositors . 1,656,228
CHAS. CARPT. President •
. A 5T£ U £ LEGALLET. Vice-Presldtat.
LEON BOCQUEHAZ. Secretary.
JOHN' G1NTT. A««. Secretary.
. '. ' DIBECTOE3:
Leon Bocqurrai. J. M. Dtjpm. a. Ler&Uet.
J. A. Berrerot. J. S. Gotleau. J. J. M»c*.
lrfterm paid on depostta. Loans madt oa
Real Ectate and approved Mcuriiiei:'
7V\ein
t&JTxSM DR - HALL'S HEI.VV1GORATOR
I u - a ""TG 8t 0P« all lo«se» and unnatural dl»-
K chargea ln 24 hours. Tou feel an
SI £!r '! n P rover nent from the tlrst dose
i iTi 7i f e " ave ■" nauca oonfldence In our
SFm Sra V eatm ent that we offer Five Hun-
Kf» Ure a reward for any case we can-
o«Tdo wir ■•"« i l £?."* T . hl ? 8ecr * t nm **r curt*
v«rii^w.^T ' n ' Khtl y emissions, wasted organs
m-^S \ Bleet - «r!cture». ktdneya, t'm'i
"^«7'th dralns ln th « "«ne. conorrhea. dla-
bvTefflcta^f ro " t , at l elanda and a11 othertem-
« n i * rfZl Ot ""-"busa or excesses, which lead
I?, t consumption and death. Positively cures
8 In old * r y mn «»f that mortl?
»*i«H ? l "? n *' " ulckne » <>t the discharge, anj
Weak Men and Women
S^a^Yx^an^^n^yV 3™?^^
•trrastb to »exual orjana, 32J MarKu
ADVE1ITISEM3CXTS.
B.KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co. \
10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO
Adjolnlasr Call Bulldlaar. -
JUST OUTSIDE THE SXOB-
BE3JTJDX3TSICT
THIS STOBS * WILL BBOPffl
JEVEBY KVEITIKQ XTZTTXIi
CHUISTMAS.
SPECIAL XMAS
INDUCEMENTS
"WATCH OXTR 8T0BS for th« b««t
values In thla city; no fancy pro-
fits hero. Our motto Is always to
£lve you more for your money
than any other firm.' We- hav*
proved It in the past, and we will
still continue to prove It. grivlnj
the best values with square deal-
inff. That's OXTB. STAHDAItD. •
SPECXAI. HOLIDAY XJlADITa
this week for Misses and Cblldren:
Very Pressy Patent Leather Lace
Shoes, made with dull finished
mat kid tops and stylish close- •
trimmed soles. Specially adapted
for dressy occasions, widths B
to D.
REDUCED HO LID AT FBZOSSl
Chllds' sizes, spring heels,
8% to H S1J.O
Misses' sizes, school . heels.
11% to 2 81.35
Young 1 Ladles* sizes, school
heels. 2hi to 5% S1.60'
CROSS STRAP SANDALS
Extra value, special Inducement.
new, nobby and dressy. Ladies
Vlcl Kid -Fancy Cross Strap San-
dais, hand-turned soles and high
LXV. French heels. Price specially
reduced for this occasion ta.Sl.15O
Sizes 2% to 8. Widths A to R
70p
MEN'S XMAS SLIPPERS
A specially arranged holiday
sale of Men's Fine Quality Tan
Vici Kid Opera Slippers. Several .
linen of $1.25. S1.50 and J.'.no
grades bunched together and sold
at a REDUCED SAME FSZCC.TOc
Call and see If we can nt you;
most all sizes 5>i to 12. ; •*;»•;
WS XSSUC CHRISTMAS SSOS
ORDER3.
NEAT EXTENSION SOLES
None better ever offered at th»
price: Ladies' Vici Kid Lace
Shoes, made with patent leather
tips, dull mat kid tops and full
foxed vamps. Neat and dressy
and will wear well. 7SXCTJ3
GREATLY REDUCED 81.4.%
Sizes Zty to 8. Wldtna B toKHL
DOLGE PELT
JULIETS
3E*OR T.T-^~i - T.T^
BED AND &r¥^&iM
sizes a to s. .■' HChftlyym
PELT BOLES, '^^^^p
Ab^v m W m sfr
--<*^X. Z>ABS TAX TOP
«BW^T\ PATE2TT v*Myg.
1\\ 80c
* •»■■•* * * wi ' " ■ * '
A very attractive and dressy
novelty for. Children^ Patent
Leather Button Shoes? With neat
plain coin toes and dark chocolate
kid tops, with buttons to match;
Widths C to E. ;£?.
SEDUCED ZMAS PRICES » «- '•■
Infants' sixes, 1^ to 5% «Oc
Chllds' sizes, spring heels
4 to 8....; ...........05c
SANTA CLAUS IS HERE
AITD V/xjjL PSESE3IT EVISBT
PURCHASER WITH A BOX
OP CANST. BEING THE
CXXLDSXH.
mail ORPEas nap.;.:
B. KATSCHINSKI
10 THIKD ST^ San Prancisco.
T3DTTCUI7C «f° r BARfcEna. bak-
DnUuilllu er «. bootblacks. bat.V
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, ' bookbinders, candy makers, canners
dyers,'' flour mill* foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers. painter*. shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailor*. «tc
BTJCHAjiAar nsos.. .;>?
Sntah ManuXactnrT*. 609 Ctacrameato Si
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
and Price List* Mailed
on Application.
1.EAKT BOOPS A2II) SKYLIGHTS.
All kinds repaired. Glob* Kheet >letal Worlu.
lKe-ina Mission st." Fhona Main 5101.
OILS.
LUBraCATIXO OlUd: LEONARD * EIXI3.
418 Froy st.. S. F. Phona Main 171J.
f..c;bd6bes,- ■ ■m.'sS^:^
Weekly CalU $1 per YearWEBER LAUGHS
AT INDICTMENT
Grand Jury Beturns a True
Bill Accusing Him of the
Bobbery of County Bank
DOES NOT TBOUBLE HIM
Says Filing of the Charge
Is Much More Easy Than
Proving the Truth of It
Special Dlaiwtcb. to Tb« CalL
AUBURN, Dec. 10.— The Grand Jury
to-day brought In an Indictment charg
ing Adolph Weber with the robbery, of
the Placer County Bank on May 26
laet. The amount stolen was $6365, of
which JSrVOO was found by the officers
In the Weber barn shortly after the
murder of the family. Young Weber
has been held to answer for the kill
ing: of hia mother and the date for
that trial will be set next Monday. He
has also an Indictment han grins: ever
him for the killing of his father. If
he escapes conviction on these chargea
he will be charged with the murder
of his sister and little brother.
The cpntest over the administrator
ship of the Weber estate will be heard
next Monday. Public Administrator
fihepard. who is acting as special ad
ministrator, is opposed bjr John Ad
ams, Weber's g"uaxdian. . •
Among the minor indictments
brought in to-day by the Grand Jury
was orw for perjury against C. H.
Heinrich. who. it Is alleged, certified
falsely about some land at Roseville
during a lawsuit with his wife. Hein
rich shortly after the Weber murders
etatrd that he heard a man in San
Francisco say that young Weber did
not commit the crime, but that he
knew who did. The officers, knowing
Heinrichs' standing as to veracity, paid
little attention to this statement.
Weber spent a very quiet day. No
one saw him but Jailer Fulton. To him
Weber said he was feeling line and
only wished he could get outside for
an hour and take one of his constitu
tionals. When informed that the Grand
Jury had brought in an indictment
against him for robbery, he laugh
ingly said: "I expected it. as troubles
r.ever come fiinely. But the next thing
■will be to prove the charge."
Weber has gained flesh since his in
carceration In Jail, and beyond a lit
tle paleness looks well. His only trou
ble, he ean, is his stomach.
WORKING TX) GET
STATE APPROPRIATION
l>airyincn Hope to Secure the Estab
lishment of a California Agricul
tural Experiment Station.
STOCKTON, Dec. 10. — To secure a
State appropriation of $500,000 for the
establishment of a California agricul
tuial experiment station is thb object
toward which Charles , and Frank
Fierce, owners of the Riverside dairy
en Rough and Ready Island, ln this
county, are now bending their ener
gies.
They have had a draft prepared for
a bill to be submitted to the Legisla
ture at its coming session calling for
the appropriation of the sum men
tioned. This draft names five men
to handle the funds, among them being
Chief Justice Beatty. President Ben
jKmin lde Wheeler of the State Uni
versity and President Jordan of Stan
ford.
It is not the intention to carry on
experiments on segregated tracts lo
cated in different parts of the State,
but to have one large farm situated
at some place to be selected by the
five trustees after the appropriation is
made.
The scheme is very broad in its
scope. It includes the improvement of
eeed with the object of increasing the
yield, diversified farming, dairying,
stock raising, gardening, viticulture,
enrichment of the soil, and, in fact,
all the branches of agriculture and
pursuits closely connected with them.
ELECTION IS EXCITING
VOTERS OP DAWSON CITY
Trouble May Follow Refusal of Of
ficers to Furnish Independent Can
didate With list of Voters.
DAWSON' CITY, Y. T. f Dec. 10. —
Intense excitement prevails in the city
because of the failure of the registra
tion officers to deliver copies of the
voters' list to the agent of Dr. Wilfrid
Thompson, the independent and anti-
Government candidate for the Can
adian Parliament, running in opposi
tion to ex-Governor Congdon, the Gov
ernment candidate. Political feeling
runs so high that violence is feared
en election day, particularly if the
registration officers persist in their re
fusal to deliver the lists as required
by law.
Orders have been received from the
Canadian Secretary of State directing
Returning Officer Pierre Ledieu to
turn th« list over to Thompson's rep
resentative.
MiddJeton Will Be Extradited.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 10. — Governor
Pardee to-day issued extradition
papers upon the Governor of the State
of Washington for the return to this
State of J, A. MIddletonJ a fugitive
from Justice. Middleton is wanted in
Fresno County for grand larceny. - He
was arrested at that place " for the
theft of a bicycle, 'was released on bail
ln the sum of $250 and then fled from
the city. He is in custody at Aber
deen, Wash.
Bojs Believed Drowned Are Safe.
STOCKTON, Dec. 10. — Louis Freitas
and the Martin lad. who were believed
to have b*-en frowned, are safe. They
had merely overreached themselves,
going down th« river so far that they
were unable to get back before dark
and concluded to wait until the fol
lowing day. remaining in a cabin all
night. r
Injured In n Street Car Accident.
TACOMA, Dec 10.— As a result of a
street f*7 Jumping the track last
night Commissioner of Public Works
William Welch; Pejer Debroe. super
intendent of city water mains; James
Lee. a street contractor, and Curley
Doans. a resident of South Tacoma,
were badly cut and bruised.
A Worthy Charity.
The Buford Free Kindergarten will
hold a Christmas tree Thursday at the
school room in South Ban Francisco,
corner of Railroad avenue and Fifteenth
avenue. Donations sent to Mrs. E. M.
Jones, 1820 Washington street, will be
very acceptable. The Buford Kindergar
ten is one of the oldest in San Francisco
and is doing most commendable work
among the poor in that section of the
city. A grift to the Institution now.
while It may demand but slight self de
nial, will surely richly reward the donor
and contribute much toward filling some
childish -heart with Christmas cheer.
PRAGERS
Our New Cafe The Premium Room Beaufiful Christmas There vviI1 be "Something Doiliq" *t Pragers F ictur i Music Specials Paper Novelties and
and _i ** mm . ' . - ..-* v — . . ... v . ' traming . Moidir ud Tuesday. Pvrnnrxnhv
Has sprung into instant t««* «•»*•> We|y Year Cards To-morrow Morning and Every Morning This Week crhird fiL., •steiia--so n g hit. ryrograpny
popularity. The scr- Is showing: a wonderful , . From 8:30 until noon; thereafter until the closing hour the iiiual shop- . At t^e very 1 o we s t "Gondolier" - Two-step. caw Floor.) .
vice is verv daintv rollrrtir>n of nr^ftv a/lo Diaries •• j , ■; - ... ■ :. .. • .prices we have a "Moonlight." We instruct free, as well l
\ ice is very aamty. collection ot pretty **uu uiauzs ping inducements will prevail. • - . :. * / '. , . -stock of metal .....; »v ♦ • 1.
* 1 11 . ",---•■-. ■• - , 31UV.K 01. metal . - _ ■ mi' <• carrv the materials ;
««. n.,., .nd valuable gO ods. | Ngw jj M( , y - ,5,^ q^ Cbristmas) £■»,£ ho^aT*" I8C CaCft "' " ?S
Superb Novelties Jor Men and Women | . . | Pleasing Presents for the Home
Here is an opportunity to give a Christmas gift in the km 33 / ' (Third floor.) ./
most useful of articles at little money. p|| M jg\ Ajp'jttn^fk .^4 jA^f^^^"y C ave a dazzling- array of beautiful ornaments, as well as useful articles,
suede, ln a number of different designs. T* 1 Hf) \ - -^ ~ S man appreciates a present of */ p/\ «\f
rSS^^^-iu^^^\-^-^-^^WBHHk .■ \M? .^j^av* rbliabl^ ragfl sk^ss^.^^^..?^ $6.50 JljMwft
suede llninjt and Is fitted with a coin purse, a combina- 1jS®!i®a^W£^«» UtOl BjSTA W^ESWr-V*— — ■ FAirriJt ttbi%6 Cake and Salad Set*— In our stock of thes« ( TT^S^VViVkl jfe*2S^
tion card case and mirror. It is a splen- /p 4 «V frt Wi^i^RwSS* *&■ /vejG&&wfflff'JAJl'l>fMgM/WW~A^kl^r i^ , ff**B a « ts are over 50 different decorations. *>SrZ '<>€% 'TJV ETX^^
did ChrUtmas selection and is marked at % J S Til V l f &rrUlAM*M^l'Z^\J\JJjAs\jP\&JlS^ m - ' fcgtf&at There are both German and French T^y^TV^^rTJEC^
• - tfHa^.«/V : ,iTOimHff1giWa». i F . . , china. This. Is another suit- ff r f\£\ W^» VaST \W«?i
We have other Bags from 23c to SlV.oe. ' ■'.— ■■ ■■* able Christmas gift. They range for a Tjn fflfl Fh V A /
Walnia Grain Bat — This is one of our newest bass, and has a covered anrl . U^HAim DflJ,,-,., C-I T, T~F r ~i ' BCt frorn t»-00 to »pv/»VV V^iX /i?1*.!n t&k£
riveted frame, a braided handle, a fancy Dreaden lining, and is £ «• f\f\ 1701/03/ rCfTl/lJlCS jfflOKerS DDQCialS . C«k« Plate*— Every Imaginable decoration Is to b» "^ v^sn» zz^^
mted with coin purse; it Is the equal of any ¥1.50 bae. Our J) I fill (Mam Floor.) (Main Klocr.) found on these dainty cako plates. We have them in Carlsbad. (T r fkf\
P rlce _• • »^*»w En.itmaa'n Baaket Perfume — 1 bot- Genuine Meerarhnum Pt»e — With Austrian and Crown Imperial China. The prices are from $1.25 to T) I If I
Shaytas: Sc<— In a fine mahogany box, lined > . tic in each — all odor*— 1 n r amber mouthpiece and a flne case. • a^«^»ww
« J- a! "* l , co 5 lsl » t « °* * lie hand ( . , .. .Jj special * vt bulldog shape; worth $6.60; *C fin -jql; Chocolate Seta— Made of Austrian _^-^t
mirror, prettily decorated china mug, horse- 1 t -uT. jfeXT^SliJ A Box of P«rfum«»— Containing 2 special.. JD.UU J&Z2&L China nicely decorated Th« aet con- >^*«^w
sit\s?ib^; h r.vj."f,ss.A J10.00 'mM%mi .ri^r^sfl/ 5 ! «•„,„ ... 5 . ; . P «=,.i $i00 mmm r,??r^? n ,v.r u . 1 .."Ji./3 r&T&k
tKrrach Maekora Clook This I C-^" : '-I^^ 2 raO cak « s ot toiWt soa P- 1 bottle of Strena ClKam-Special holiday pack- VJ TjS' * hav « > »*»»«• »» «=^<>. $3.00, f4.00 £, ft W
~>>?™W5.oo 0^Bk -5%!&g&&.&si
_,__ * — - -^ __ . . -, . Z~, _ . . ., \ ~ ,, , , ~ , fully tinted to match the rest of the lamp; a real tm 1 ■* I"
m * Fre.ch stathor. ink *t a »d— This matches weii .with 75c Art Skins 3hc Scissors and Knives ?tn Holders, Stationery jSsil $50 ° Ump for I S3 75
*^5^v the clock, and consists of cut glass ink well 'with (Tliird Kkmr.j (M«ln Kloor.) (Main Kloor.) t Jgp28£&t§ s ;- •• •'_••' **_• *_"^'*.V ",1V '~: ' ......... W •
.£* brass trimmings, attached to an imita- «f«rl r /\ Art Shee P SklnB ln reJ - Sd.»«ra— Pragers Sou- Pearl Pen Holders— and wood^thl A*Z ?™i lr^ *n«£J?7J— T S", e K C °.T e ln both chlna * metal
WZZ tlon French staghorn. Its special price 1%J Sit green, brown, tan and venlr Scissors, with R e g u 1 a r 1 y r/\ om.in Th- '^VIZ « Jl^l,-. A entlr * ly new; w , nal better preaent rjr f\£\
— —^ XPO Is f ! ."". #£• Jv fc'ray. They are the gilt handle and nickel $1.00; special Sfl/' could be given a man? Our prices range from SOe to +D.UU
Awtriaa Canrt Botet— New Ideas in gloves, handkerchiefs, collar and cuff kind to make sofa pll- finish; regular f t jp at *^W • ; *^»ww
boxes jnade of solid weathered and Flemish oak. "*hese boxes are lined With lows or table covers, price 73c; spe- *f fJC "nemex" Fonatala Pen Kr P" rimt * m — Made of Crown Imperial China; a number of very dainty w t f\
white, pink or blue satin; some are decorated with heavy brass 1 ?l Zl and are ver >' accept- clal IVV — Mad* by<r-f fkf\ decorations; worth 75c; your choice at •**/£
trimmings, others are painted. They range in price from $2 00 to Hill OC able Christmas gifts. Pocket Knives — With Water-A] |l|| I w
*Pl*SJ Special price av ■ ? ta *i, P e * rl . or b °ne man ...... I r* - Y v After-lilnner Cup» and Sanrm — In dainty patterns; worth 15c and 19c; <ff /\
(Engraving Done Free) '" ■ T^^y^^C *™™*&V>™& *VTK-L*V* m Jil ?™^^** v - ot - " ny . of .! hem at : *0C
f i only Special JJC | 2 . 5 q to ... fO.UU Bread and Butter Plates to match, lOe.
i^B^HSI HiiliiPlii iiiiiSiisii w^s§s§$m^&^M
PIM s[gn, ra \ n n^e7veran"%i a u S h d fo",?Um; New Kimono Crepes-The newest ideas in imported Th "cjs a story to tell in conjunction with this offering. - R()beS 3Hrf FdnCV l/p^k
/£- SSStA nav * b*aJ^d fronts; others £ * C /% real Japanese Crepes- 32 inches wide; all styles of J h<?se furs constitute the surplus stock of a lar K e lll/UC^ C211U I dllLy E/C3I3
/VK''\Il3»3ft. a 7 Pl * ln - ° ur hoWday sul * 4>l.j{J design,; dragons, scrolls and in the new col- OC. f a , s r tern manufacturer, which we secured at almost (Mlla Floor)
fW-^W'^V C Mea'."nomV«^Biack"and tan kid- ors : a J'^rd : .V £,JQ "all pncc. \ ou can readily sec the advantage of par- f .' -
V^fe-^l "■ made on the v * r >' latest shape Center p;,r« At a r, , ctnrtm , nt n( „. r ticipatingr in this event at this time. bvery one who has been in to look at our holiday
ISA To <£d££-£ $1 50 £c« p t£^^^^ c^ti n ?v t \ A xr t» s -av <M *T Ctt V*u : xpT r cd surprise at ' thc remarkabl =
••■ ! rW comfort; price l 'ZY made of linen. As they are a sample line, we will coMar" worth V ill 1? < Jecial at ,*&& ValUCS - U Uh but few "ccptions they have returned
?«aVtL-wuh f C uV ldr tHmming e " five you your choice of any of them for tf| iJA TttrkI , h A . ' • GZW |°« « »k etheir purch ases here. You will do the same
the colors are red and black: $1.50 and :..... J) I .\J\J For children; worth $3 00- CfTC /tfh^* Y gCt thc bl SS«t values in the city.
m, rron-t^Ve"^^: /gk Drapery Silk_ 32 inches wide; in all thc newest J^Q "^ at ••'- >1J5 /{fX^. c'rafh^ an°l tfR
fleeced lined; have AisP»A. and prettiest designs mide this year ; a yard .. "•t TurkU a Aacora aad ImilalUa Krralnr iJ'mJiM Terry Cloth Hath Robei They V\ )
Mm^ h fn d d tu ?; d r rn" Fl0^ p i! lows - Olir Hne is tlic fincst and fuUest floss ~ -°-- ■■ ■ ■—■■■ ■■-■■- * 2 ' 50 *$lm%\\ "--"-"/.S^^C"^ -<^v
/^Jl^M^^t, , P . e1 ?' llt « l XSiSlSs'j&e* Sllk P lllow lln = to be found in thc City; 15c for l6xl6; Woraea'a Cluater Scarfu of Brook Mink /^S^7?2)L' f^T 5 are P laln - They are all tin- /' A^StSA
BB& i'A'.hy. 7 Jill %£££•£*" =0X20; 34C for 22%2! ' AK for iiW h . P A-.,. ••"':..^.-....$i. 75 «,
•;•••■, * */C (Stamp'mQ done free.) Imltatloa Ermine Tin- The ends are //islwlfvU' *°"' I «r SmokinK Jackets — These t ' -<KV !"* J ft\
B °y« »■«* Vonth,' siip.^^^A uuuc ucc.y trimmed with Chenille; worth $10.00; VJKM'gSM* are «mporte,i garments and are I ■■ tM^7/v/^ \
p ' p " — Tan °P« r a cut; m ,» r • . special sale price re nr v VflW&HjHS* >>. } made in newest materials. Some f" JfTrM£fcST.. ,'
m*de of vici kid, with 1J8A K^P^^l/ f HtlCfm^C S f I I/^FlA/3 fO M"3 «®I^SW '<> j are made of Golf Cloth. Cheviots U'sf1rT?fWS^ V
pretty patent leather trimmincs and are kid >® I ICliy W 111131 ill d5 w? 1 1 VC TV\lai%* '■ £ P T' t '«S*iL^/ and fancy Scotches; others of Cov- f^Sj -*S*T /*\
lined; they have hand-turned soles; sizes 10 tiTr ;'v;?^ .., , • ■ ... •-. j Extra Fine Fox Scarf — In Sa- CflQC : /"»2t : * rt8 > elc - Prices CIO iPMait' ' W» .
to 2. fi.00; sizes 2% to 6ft £1.25 <Maln tloor > . ble or Isabella color JO. JO range from JS.S5 to li^ M»C^5T
rU'W Ml i r x ,.,..., '*' " No one can be indifferent to the offerings in this Ne .r SealJ.cket—22 inches long; they have a style Sn.okl« B j.ckets-20 different styles . IJfjfe «P\\?
Cn/lO S-MelVet Coat Child S Wool Dm* salc - All are chosen for their appropriateness for the "leave and turn-back cuffs and storm collars- thev are »n fancy Cheviots. Golf Cloth 1 and ff l|fj|V. T^d )«S
(Second Floor. > (Se«ad n«) holiday sea&on. . . lined throughout with Skinner's guaranteed ' Mfl 7C Coyerts. All have plaid or fancy /jjjit } 4/ '
'^^^aflL' _-'"= — >^^—P» O naI,alue at J29.75 7^?^fe 4^ [f
fhoulaVrs^ls^Ueco^ i" ThV VrSJ w^h^'nar" C^°" Bru.ae.-With silver back,., prettily C« 7 r A WIDE VARIETY TO MAKE SELECTION FROM. \VS& l ?l£ M.to. T^0 TnS C^^S^!g
will mavi h n rOU i' rhOU . t ,. a , nd row cutt - trl:ii m<"l with designed; special at SUk Tnraorer Collnr.—That are prettily embroidered ln J500 vests ' but to c}09 « th< " m a11 \%d&S5r<r*'
7hi mtl* o^* % lft fo I narrow white braid: a K ei — • • ~ dainty colors; they have buttonholes to pass the <- r out before Christmas we give you .\\*£V-
to 8- color. w»2Pi.JL °^ 6: w o , lors r * d - brown Beaaet Brushes— Sterling silver handles and C.f <\/r tie through, and are exceptionally handsome; jSf your , cholc<? o f any at « rC *\V>
browA h?»» C* 7il Bnd , blu «: tt-t t t r backs; each M ZD worth in*c; holiday rpeclal fc*/i< the low price of #*' w *;, T
anr n blac^| U ? W./O rs^Veciii $1-^5 •-■■..■•. -j^- ■ V " " " ' " i V 7 " V, ' ' ' ' „ ' fe'I Xeckw.ar-Thls & a very Jaunty piece' of neck- — ■
! \ •>frz^,m.i -r Combi — With sterling: sll- W t jn wear; the stock is made of flne French pique In two
Our -Quality" Groceries and Liquors Save <gg#|gl^ r%n^ p |r^^^r e . . a C^^^tr^^^^^£y Pocket Knife Free With EvetV
' YOU MOHPV J$$$£M^&3 Manicure Set— Sterling silver; I'd "clal a' t '" dlfferent colors: worlh l{ic 'ZjC O L £ D 9 f\
jou money ffi$&K2$W%2my P rctt y designs, with </ # or ...J? * , .«••»: • w Purchase nf nnvc uvpr-
W» h,v. «..mu), . «r «orth Floor) @s' 3aS8l«i3^% French gray ttnish; Wf /") »»k \elret?jeckwear— The stock part of this collar Is rU/ClIaDC Ul LJUjf^ Vl/Cf-
n.nn t , LI a d « llv » r y »«rvlce for our Grocery a "« T^sfc./ made of silk velvet— top with two rows of dainty cross , ~ .,
™^i w l 1S ? ntirel >' »eP*rate from the store mSSW Ca-dleatlcka— In a number of stitching and a tab of silk, studded with tiny -f r . C (\7l\ C\YSl\1\\
Groceries limmr* • Jewelry Ca«e» — Gold or silver plated; all are silk * P *^ e: mou " te J? on a carved bone frame and decorated p - A „ tU ♦♦ ♦• v • .u t m t^
Plnm P«ddlaa--^ordon a K, fr , „ fl'^f" lined: ln a great number of different shapes; ftS/- with painted floral designs, outlined with 4.*% /i/l Besides the attractive bargains in the Juvenile Depart-
Dillworthi. 1 lb. Oflt Rfir ir r 7 f - A ?* eI " prlc " rar)ffe up from ::••-■'•;:•••" «L b l? r « h 'f spangles; our regular J2.00 ment ' we Wtl J glVC ' a11 this weck with "'""* Purchase.
tins; tin 20C All SStel hollSf'l^T, >'•" Of s^rllng silver, with French gray 7 £«^ J3.00 value, special at |VV an imported two-blade steel pocket knife.
ToT h -«•!"&"&■ fln ? sh ::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::V^ y^:rAZT^^ $M$*i &®Ba Knee Pant suits-m Tweed, -i^ey are just
C^famous-To^ Wk C^ dJChinT
u^e C d ha in & o^Ca^rOQ; ' <»- We- have^'vlSt delved a Xto r r,2^!^fr : ln "^$1.50 f ° r M<Jnday W.Ull
P^Sl Pi^iiil «^VhH£ |^^p?SM§|Sg*|3i?5
o^-^-lTesVw;.^ ll ?-.i dO r 1 4 n » t yA e fl : BI rnc l he 8 P '-a a yfrd. S " 1 S P c757 41 colors I'Vcavy 8 b^tf There Is not a more usef^'oTmore welcome holiday gift Golf Caps-In a large variety of patterns. They |T
lngrton Navels; Tft^ *2-7S to ;^O.UU Inches, a yard, 9Sc; 38 jr r a y d I n k - "* "' than a pair of flne all-wool California Blankets. We have been reduced from 25c to I */C
dozen . JVC Pra«-er«' nHi»hi, s« inches, a yard <f 1Q cardinal-- blaok/rf aO — bought about 200 that have slight imperfections, such ""
KI«.- California Smyrna. M-- B -Others charge *S * 1 ' 15 ' "c r e a m L S U «f JJ C a f, \"" le ""' on ,, th( S «. a apo^of oil or a very Wool Sweaters— We will close out our entire line for
Packager 1 "*" 1 I 15C jgf: "^ $2 15 Th de 55c — '' *' & yd - ' S^w^Wrt^^^ V" S S ? S ° n - Ag " 3 ' 4 Md 5 RedU " d Wt
packages *^*- lty, gallon ft.iJ finches, a yird «JOC Kememt.er thl« oTer !« for Monday you ahout one-third the regular price. r".;V" *t" . from 65c to JJL
Santa Claus in fiis^MrsMp^^W
i^-dlft— ' * - (Third and Fifth Floors) . ■ . ■ . ; • ,
rt'ffi&S- \fm- h fi5 h? Ur> i r ° m 9 O>c ' ock un | U no ? n w and fr " m 2 untiI 5 -very day, this week. Santa Claus may be seen sailing over and about ToyUnd ln his pretty _^S*r« ! k
Bo«ll-, ii P - HCrC afe thousands and thousrnds of toy novelties, gathered from every quarter of the globe, instructive as we 1 a, amusing j£l$M$&
fipS^y le^-sius^ia , °,j,i*"- t^ U i""ttuV'«.e" "Siof. 1 "'^"^. 1 . 11^ t d h°" kf h * M i ?' H , > d«ii go- Mi^^i
rV_^,^r^'^ inches; thf C am« //"/ r^,i£t^~i\£^—^$ I Madt-of iron, r> 9°^%' «-. r.tfd china burnVro VudTri metal "and* bTati (HI A iO" f aSlflir Cnrt "~ Mld * w5^^?^
-r^gj^gRj consisti of mln- /// ST^ « /tt^*W *3'<^ 1 « / Irorsea brl° fip»,,,.y j-iX dlshr* in t«- trltaniPd: «r- rrrj pr-tty. Prlc«s MLri- p ■ VrnSp" of w tU°* •» VT^ "*iK^
eV *l 111 ' ''• ■' :^_-- : Sg^^gt^<-*^_l--^^' > : til w///'M7fr Ili lH "^'•trong wood • > •■ * . .Mechanical Loromotlve — Uadr willow that F ,1?)/ T|l c»* n
n eouut. of 8 }""* ",*;•/ \ To". 10 ti'VaSST '"> "' yrom » 1 — '» * MMc - 3pffoU1 c feo. G* AS A
1> '^'?r balls; rach pock"- [■■'■."'■■'■■i ■■^- 1 ■ ~"»n : ?^ r y^ low* * " d T "i^ jSIS^ -• ' Esquimnm j.ajaT*'"' - ii? 6 '
„„„, . ,.,,. .,,, .._; _..;,, •.. *t hamnuuibtr, ~ " —* C «"t°>° P ,- T ' XT -J^^§ Doll Hounc-a Uu 11 — From *6S*r^i^l /T0&M t *25l
L.Tr mtniand t.l°- it^iaa brldli "^»u I- p,.)- Tool CheM-Thl, w,!l. m .de Tel * l'*JL*Z "* y^^X -Wit. £ U.5 lOcto.fl.OO Jl^SESf^ D o 1 1 Bn S . Is^rWiJ
■MtrtKt H# rE™#M;p- :::i — tf^^-^^ is»g rTi Ww ;¥-°«-
x£^ L^ <ffi :€^M '""""1^ '•"•""■ Sf:!: ■'---"-■ £#£ ¥1
If " Jt_Jiu "ellle Uly— 3^ SS=J=^^^ a^^^A\^/ Model lil lnchra ln h»l e ht a»d 13 '.'^[""'cbU* >■? ■ ,. j l^l^3 for * 211ncl » <J a:s .
jt; — -=■ J} )ff //"v Around thr ; , B,Mft h n Wr« lnchei l0 °c: real Talue$!.0rt./ 5°V SOt; »• V§y W) R a or I) o I 1- \$&&VZ2 Uo11 SrrlnB* -In r-a. i«^<:>
1 r" rial 1 iinawi ll( fl World With Xel- E»pre«« Wac«n-Thl« Wison bit •alllnr 'ln« Special at «rj c dren; W/ _; l/^r- v.~,n. t MTYO' Wu '' ani1 * re * u colors; /-*S*-&-
)?^^1:, - , A *^ !»• Ulr. « rame an Iron bodr painted red. wd ateel and na'ned ' f 3.50, 3^^ ' ■'■U/^ lSclS «15e YM B made of wire. «r,e. .'4%Att
Oow-Tbla Cow la uade of papW «^t e»ery i^j nbrt-U and ailcs «ud a stroa^ wr^^n .fter a»"?h2 ■ ? I * *^^-9t^ '
-^j-^z-jr rTr±= *5i fi«».7^ 77" " *Sc toTSo II ferent wtrs. .nd makes a T.rr UollorTop ,. , „ ,, t _■
~_. • Jtf^Si u»anea — Telr- - *~*y a- > fa -• P r »»y *>U acqulaltlon. .t has . ; ay— 20 Inches. UO T Uolla— A« shown ■ — • '^T.l! rj>| /
f« P Lo^!»' Kl" 2 Bi^~^ ff 1^ Vel A IkX^ b*«n redue*d froai 65cto..4Se 'J5c In the illustratton I'ndrfmta Dolli-Ii«t Vi' \S ' * T\
U *5.00 Special prtw...fG.OO =a -^T r > „ nri^ «a %O \Cj\£ v|S nn P '- ** •^T~*' H V^f/W allppen. I-rfet scribed «1>ot*. .xc.pt K la -23 S>
— __^_^__^_^ J^ J ___ . . - ■ r*. '. ,'.'... * -..-....-., - ■ . ~ , . . 1 ■af&*ssirslslsWta—*ra ■» rUMil ipTial I illll if iTaaaaaaVTaii af sW<— <jfc aaalMI I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904:
PRAGERS
PKAGERS
PRAGSRS
PRAGERS
31
PRAGERS32
MISCELLANEOUS.
QhoudayB*
i GOODS /
The newest designs
in such well-selected
variety as. to meet all
tastes.
rHE JCAMB BOHM-
BRISTOL CO. STANDS
AS A GUARANTEE OF
SATISFACTION IN
aUALITT AND PRICE.
OPEN EVENINGS
Bohm-Bristol Co. I
Jewelers and
Silversmiths \
f^\ 104-110 Geary Street *^\
GOLD STRIKES
CONTINUE DAILY
Proof Coming In Which
Shows That the Richness of
Goldeld Is Beyond Expecta
tion
Dealing in Tonopah and Goldfleld
stocks Is still more than brisk. Daily
reports are received from the fields by
the prominent brokers which show
clearly that practically everywhere de
velopment work is producing incontest
able proof that within a short while the
district will be known as more than a
second Comstock. In this connection
W. Baer Ewing, the well-known brok
er, received the following telegram:
GOL.DF1ELD (Nev.). December 2. 1904. —
"W. Baer Ewlns. Italian-American Bank Bldff.,
S. F. : Bljf Elk assey December 1, one hun
dred and three dollars and twenty cents.
I* E. WILSON.
"The Big Elk mine," he explained,
•when asked about the matter, "is cer
tainly excellently located, and the de
velopment work done places 'the prop
erty, in my opinion, as one of the 'cer
tainties* in Goldfleld. Sometimes pros
pects do not turn into realities, but in
this Instance the company has cause to
be more than satisfied with results."
Following up this train of thought,
he said: "In selecting good investment
property, the sensible man looks at lo
cation first. Then, when development
work proves the value of the claims,
eafety is insured. The Big Elk is a
case in point. The owners of the prop
wry were satisfied as soon as work had
fairly commenced, but daily results are
more encouraging. Treasury stock that
was sold at 2 cents a couple of months
ago now can be had cmly at 5, and in
my opinion it is worth 10 to-day."
Mr. Ewing said that he would gladly
give any information about either the
Big Elk or other properties in Goldfleld
or Tonopah to any one who would call
on him or write to him at his offices,
Italian-American Bank building, 456
Montgomery street.
ACTION ON STATEHOOD
BILL IS POSTPONED
Arizona's Protest Against Consolida
tion With New Mexico Supported
by Senator Bard.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— The Senate
Committee on Territories, at a meeting
this morning decided to postpone ac
tion on the statehood bill until next
week. The bill was read and discussed,
but owing to the absence of some of
the members of the committee, action
was not taken. After the meeting
Senator Beveridge, chairman of the
committee, said that the committee un
doubtedly would take favorable action
on the bill. Another meeting will be
held tin Monday.
The people of Arizona have made
protest against the feature of the bill
which consolidates that territory with
New Mexico as one State, and have
asked for a hearing which the commit
tee evinces disposition to grant.
Senator Bard of California, a member
of the committee, to-day announced his
opposition to consolidation, expressing
the opinion that statehood should not
be forced on the people of Arizona In
opposition to their wishes.
LIVES AND PROPERTY
DESTROYED BY EXPLOSION
Bursting of Tank of Glycerin Kills
Three Men and Does Much
Danuje Along River.
CATLETTSBURG, Ky., Dec. 10.
An explosion of a tank of glycerin
blew to atoms three men, totally de
molished three boats, splintered a big
raft of logs, smashed many windows
along- Front street and did much dam
age to property along the rl\»er front
to-day. The explosion occurred on the
river below the wharf from causes
which will never be known.
Three men. John and James Brown,
brothers, and Alexander McGuire
were taking 200 quarts of the explo
sive to Maysvllle. where It was to have
been used in shooting 1 wells. Their
boats were slowly making: way down
stream when the explosion occurred.
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec 10.—
Army orders: Captain Roger F. Gard
ner Is transferred from the Thirty
third Company, Coast Artillery, Fort
Columbia, Wash., and First Lieuten
ant Harry E. Mitchell from the Nine
ty-third Company, Fort Stevens, Ore
to the unassigned list. Captain Ralph
E. Ingram. Tentn Infantry. Fort Law
ton, Wash.: First Lieutenant James M.
Loud, Twenty-eighth Infantry, Pre
6idio, Baa Francisco, and First Lieu
tenant A. Owen Seaman, Fifteenth In
fantry, Presidio, Monterey, are re
lieved from further duty with the Jef
ferson Guards, St. Louis, and will pro
ceed to their proper stations. The
leave of absence granted Contract Sur
geon Melville A. Hays, United States
army, in special order No. 254, Novem
ber 18, 1904, Department of California,
Is extended one month. The leave of
absence on a surgeon's certificate of
disability, granted -Major Edgar A.
Mearns, Burgeon. In special orders No.
258, November 17, 1904, Department of
California, is extended one month on
account of sickness.
Torpedo-Boat Destroyers Safe.
TOKIO, Dec. 10. — It is reported
here that since tfce commencement of
the bombardment of the Russian fleet
In Port Arthur harbdr the Japanese
observers on 203-Meter Hill have net
seen anything of the Russian fleet of
torpedo-boat destroyers and it is pre
sumed it has taken shelter behind
Laoti Mountain.
Russian Ensign Kills Himself.
TANGIER. Dec. 10. — Ensign M-^
lutine of the Russian torpedo-boat de-
Ptroyer "Prosolivy, a son of Major
General llalutine, shot and killed
himself with ;t revolver to-day;
GRIDIRON CLDB
HOLDS A FEAST
Men of Note Present at the
First Dinner of the Season
Given by the Organization
MIRTH REIGNS SUPREME
Representatives of Both Po
litical Parties Unmerciful
ly "Joshed" by Members
WASHINGTON. Dec. 10.— The first
dinner of the Gridiron Club for the sea
son was given at the Arlington Hotel
to-night, and the beautifully decorated
dining-room rang with merriment for
more than four hours, greatly to the
delight of the 200 persons present. The
recent election afforded the famous
club of 'Washington correspondents an
opportunity to make mirth at the ex
pense of both the successful and -the
defeated parties, prominent representa
tives of both being present to enjoy the
quips and burlesque which were pre
sented with gridiron humor and pleas
antry. Cabinet officers, Senators and
Representatives and other diplomatic
officers were there to be put on the
gridiron and also to appreciate the
clever schemes which had been con
cocted for their especial benefit.
An attempt to reorganize the Demo
cratic party, in which j Cleveland,
Bryan, Watson, Debs, Davis, Taggart
and others were personated by mem
bers of the club, and into which a for
tune teller full of wit and alive to the
general situation Injected himself,
made the hit of the evening.
The dead-letter office, to which a
member cf the club had recently been
appointed chief, was opened and some
curious and unheard-of letters relat
ing to prominent guests were un
earthed.
The musical feature was one of the
best, and topical songs, choruses and
solos, dedicated especially to those' who
sat at tables, were enjoyed during the
dinner.
Among the guests present were:
Speaker Cannon, Vice President-elect
Fairbanks, Secretary Morton, Secre
tary Metcalf, Senators Aldrlch, Alli
son, Beveridge, Cockrell, Dietrich, Dol
liver, Elkins, Foraker, Gorman, New
lands, Platt of Connecticut and Scott,
Representatives Cowherd and Hemen
way, George B. Cortelyou, chairman of
the Republican National Committee;
former Senator Henry G. Davis of
West Virginia; Elmer Dover, secretary
of the Republican National Committee;
J. P. Morgan and E. P. RIpley, presi
dent of the Atchison, Topeka and Saata
Fe Railroad.
Compromise in Theater Hats.
PARIS. Dec. 10.— Compromise is the
latest phase In the battle over theater
hats, and Parisian modistes are di
vided. Lewis makes an enormous Louis
Treize with a great Amazon feather.
Caroline Reboux observes that her cli
ents shy at the recently created coif
fures, so she is Introducing small flat
hats of gold lace with small roses cov
ering the crown. A bright velvet cock
ade gives smartness to the boftnet, and
the idea is already successful.
I i Hostetter's Stomach Bitters lias been used so successfully | I
1 1 n kk° usari cLs of homes in cases of Stomach, Liver, Bowel | I
I ill^S^gffeS 1 aD(^ disorders that it is now universally acknowl- * feiSJf 51^ 0^^^ \
lj li&* edged to be the greatest home remedy on the market. It ! MT&K^ pj
Ifoiirara^?^^ has been before the public for 0V®r 50 yeai'5, which is one l 7^nnif«HBB»H
i of the strongest arguments we can present as to its wonderful merit and for urging you to j|j
U gr^e^ta trial. It is also freely prescribed by physicians to their most delicate patieais, past |l
|j experience having proven that the weakest stomach "can retain it It is nature's own -remedy jn
I for the many ills of mankind and its results are certain. , B
|| Is your, tongue coated, bowels costive, appetite I ' jf@h i WEAK AND BiSJRl^DOMlM WOSSEK^ [j
M poor, sleep -restless -or nerves unsiiriins:? | (£SllJ i at j A_ u^i. ' * • n • * -*x *^- H
i -rew -puff csb^-3-e^^ i mil ' I Need tbe'Brtters, too, especially -m cases^rf Mtaitfcte M
I ... TRY THE-BID-T'ERS. I Jillf I Irregularities, Baokache, Cramps, Tomftkig,. Eahxtin^j J|
I! Have vou a bad taste in the mouth, sallow akin, 1 I Spells, Sleepjessness, Dizziness, Nervous Hecedacbsa] .11
p bad complexion or severe headaches ? \ 1 ° r General w « ak nes3. It has cnred ? th€>usaiid3.i3i the' M
I burn or pains -in the stomach 1 -? § WM'^MMk, 1 IMSFM^ 9^ m&BB&SSiF IP^OTfBX " H
| TfcY T-HS BETTERS. I fpl I *™* p IttUAffl* FM^Wit* M
fel m. •• L , "1 fc§ ? if -<willl^3*h I Rn^oljfc PohU, West. Hobofcen, N. J n gays: I -*as trembled fby [M
jg| lliese ailments are natures warnings of future | %^ >'€fflHK!Hl H many yeart with Dyspcpsk and Indigestion, aiid^trfed raassy rcinediea.,, f;j
II trnnhlft lnrlfrr A e4>!#« M ' rtu» MAM^;«. r»««^*.:««A5 1 &cJ?/S W%$8&SP3e!$F I! without results. Your Bitters soon cared mo andtiscms^red- my^ lJ
|| trouoie— indigestion, Dyspepsia, Constipation, | I appetite. -Everybody should try it m
U Liver and Kidney Complaints and 1 ' General De- -I S^^^^S I Grant-oo^M, crawfordsvme, ind-.says: Mmd b*« *&;**.*> <*t- I
|$ billty sre SUre'to follow. Take our advice, 11 fj^^^ffimji^ 1 tack» -<Jf" Diarrfioea and. Stomach Tronbfes for-raany yeara, but you* 1^
II TRY THE B8TTER8. | gffl|^^fflHia : 1 A * c # Hamnton. Providence, R. L, says: Ibzr^ xnstd yoar Bit- 1
H ( Or, perhaps you are subject to &eV&fe Colds 1 I troubles,-and fexd it- an excellent -remedy. I heartily, p
II ChillS Or Malaria, Fever and Ague? Then don't I, M^^^^P I torL -EL Mann, fcogamon, Pa., .ay.: fr^r^dclely-andrw I'll
II! fail to TRY THE BtT*Vl!i83*3 i 1 <town, btftypur Bitters «oon restored me to health again. M.y app«tit« fv|
3 (f 2^ »A LbI THERE'S I^OTHiPiQ EL8E WEAR SO GOOD. W
I %M^\ 8§OSX^LL8f S 9 THE SEHUINE HAS OUR PBWATE ST&P8P OVSR HECK OF BOTTLE. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11. 1904.
LIVE FOR DAYS
ON AN ICEBERG
Awf ul Experience of Three
Men Who Deserted Whaler
Beluga 'in the Bering Sea
ESKIMOS RESCUE j THEM
Nearly Die From Exposure
and Want of Food Before
Natives > Discover Them
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Dec. 10.— Living for three
days on floating Icebergs in the Bering
Sea, without food or water, was the
experience of Wynne Heryford, a
young variety, actor of San Francisco,
who shipped from that city as a sailor
on the Beluga last March.
Heryford, along with eight other
novices, took a strong dislike to Mate
Seymour and resolved to desert the
vessel when an opportunity came. Six
of his companions left the whaler in
the Bering Sea and started over the Ice
to the land, seven miles distant. Hery
ford and two others followed half an
hour later. These three soon came to
broken Ice, which arrested their prog
ress. Boarding a small piece of ice they
used their hands and legs as paddles
until the solid ice was reached again.
Half-way to land a current caught and
carried them fifteen miles seaward.
That night a counter current carried
them back toward land. .
When within a half mile of shore a
squaw and two Eskimo boys rescued
them with a canoe. For three days they
had had no food. Their hands and legs
were bleeding from contact with the
salt water. Their hunger had become
so terrible that they had discussed the
advisability of drawing lots to decide
which of the three should be killed for
food. *
After filling up on seal meat and
drying their clothes In an Eskimo vil
lage, the trio took a long sleep. At
Teller they found th^ six men who had
preceded them. They took a schooner
for Nome. Heryford returned on the
steamship Roanoke on her last voy
age. He is now playing in Seattle.
Selects a Site for Filipino Village.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 10. — Two of
the big tribal chiefs of the Igorrotos
of the Philippine Islands in charge of
Dr. T. K. Hunt, who will bring over
four Filipino villages to Portland dur
ing the Lewis and Clark Exposition,
visited the fair grounds to-day. Dr.
Hunt selected a site for the village on
Government Island and will also put
a Filipino theater and amusement
palace" on Jthe Trail.
Paris Gambling? in Sugar.
FAPJS, Dec. 11.— Wild sugar gam
bling Is proceeding on the Bourse de
Commerce: All classes of Parisians
have been bitten by the mania. '
John P. Irish In Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10. — Colonel
John P. Irish of Oakland registered
to-day at the Hotel Johnson.
YOUNG WOMAN
IS ASPHYXIATED
! ♦—-
Gas Escaping From a Small
Cooking Stove Overcomes
Her While She Is Asleep
LIFELESS WHEN FOUND
Brother of Victim Is Discov
ered in an Adjoining Room
Delirious From Fever
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELKS; Dec. 10.— Miss An
nie L. Peabodv. sister of Josiah C.
Peabody, was* asphyxiated at her home
on Boyle Heights to-night under par
ticularly pathetic circumstances. With
her brother, who for years has been a
newspaper man here, she lived on the
lower floor of a flat. About 9:30 o'clock
to-night the people upstairs smeUed"
pras. They made an investigation, v but
the gas was so strong that /they were
unable to enter the lower part of the
houss. Through a window the body of
the woman could be seen, and in an
other room Peabody qould be seen in
bed. It was supposed both were dead.
Policemen with handkerchiefs over
their faces entered the room where the
woman lay, secured her body and open
ed the windows. Gas was escaping
from a small stove. The gas had not
reached Peabody's room. It was found
that he was suffering from typhoid
fever and yvas delirious.
Investigation showed that his sister
had been attending to his wants and
had not slept for forty hours. She had
gone to a small cooking stove, heated
some water and then as she supposed
turned off £he gas, but she must have
turned it on again. She was so fa
tigued that after she got Into bed she
did not notice the odor and was over
come. ' r.\
Peabody has not been told of the
death of his sister. He is now .being
cared for by neighbors who knew noth
ing of his illness until to-night.
SENATOR CLARK DEEDS
PROPERTY TO HIS SON
Transfer Considered by Many to Indi
cate Politician's Intention to Re
tire From Active Life, j
MISSOULA, Mont., Dec. 10.— A deed
to all the property owned by Senator
W. A. Clark in Missoula and Powell
counties made to his son, William A.
Clark Jr., waa filed here to-day. The
•deed was signed by the Senator and
his wife, Annie E. Clark. Nearly thirty
closely typewritten pages were used to
describe the property conveyed.
The significance of the transfer can
only be surmised in this part of Mon
tana, but by many it is believed that
the Senator is disposing of his holdings
in this State as completely as possible
and that at the expiration of his term
as United States Senator he will retire
from the political and industrial life of
Montana forever.
New Postmaster Appointed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 10. — Michael
J. O'Brien has been appointed post
master at Floriston, Nevada County,
California.
VESSEL LOSES
NINE OF CREW
Men Leave Ship Driven Upon
Bar During Storm and Are
Believed to Have Lost Lives
SCHOONER MAKES PORT
High Wind and Heavy Fall
of Snow Prevent Craft on
Atlantic Reaching Harbor
PROVIDENCETOWN, Mass., Dec 10.
The Boston fishin^schoonerFish Hawk
arrived her late to-night with nine of
her crew missing. It Is believed the
men were lost in attempting to reach
shore while the v€ssel was temporarily
aground on Peaked Hill bar during the
fierce storm that was raging last night.
The men left the Fish Hawk, five In
one dory and four in another, In the
belief that the vessel, which was then
pounding on the bar, would go to
pieces. The body of one of the men has
come ashore at Highland Light.
The dories used by the men were re
ported early to-night as coming ashore
at Highland Light right side up, with
oars and clothes bags in them.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— A snowstorm,
accompanied by a high wind, descend
ed upon New York early to-day.
Nearly two inches of snow has fallen.
Tra*3c in the city has not been se
riously impeded, but craft of all kinds
have been delayed. Many of the
steamships had difficulty In making
their regular schedules. Snow-bound
somewhere outside the Hook, most of
the big fleet of trans- Atlantic liners
due to-day failed to get in.
The officers of the French line
steamship La Lorraine, which arrived
this afternoon, confirmed stories of
storms on Atlantic, seas during the
past week. • , :
BALTIMORE, Dec. 10.— Nine and a
half inches of snow fell here to-day be
tween about midnight and 8 o'clock to
night. At a late hour to-night the
Weather Bureau officials report the
mean velocity of the wind to be
twenty miles an hour. Reports from
the towns in the State say from six
to nine inches of snow fell during the
day.
MORE OF FAIR'S PERSONAL
BELONGINGS ARE SOLD
Storm Fails to Keep Curious Crowd
From Rooms Where Auction Is
Being Held.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— Despite the
storm to-day a throng, of people, for
most part women prompted largely by
curiosity, filled the Knickerbocker Art
Galleries where Charles E. Smith sold
more of the jewels and other personal
effects of the late Mr. and Mrs. Charles
L. Fair. So eager was the crowd to see
these gems and to witness their dis
posal that many stood for hours, and
women who were unable to find seats
perched on window sills and elsewhereV
There were more than one hundred
numbers sold for a total of 537,819,
which added to the amount obtained at
Friday's sales make a grand total for
the two days of $42,279.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Select Your Gifts
From This List> of
Furniture Pieces
Triple Toilet Mirrors $ 4.oo to $ 20.od
Shaving Stands 12.5o to 50.oo
Morris Chairs 12.oo to 50.oo
Cellarettes I8.00 to 75.oo
Auto- Valets 60. 00 to 250. 00
Music Cabinets.. IO.00 to 150.oo
Tea Tables ". 6.00 to 50.oo
Hall Clocks 20,oo to 800.co
Toilet Tables ~ 14.oo to IOO.00
- Vernis Martin Cabinets. . . . 75.oo to 250.oo
Easy Chairs.. 20.oo to 150.oo
Rocking Chairs 5. 00 to 75.oo
Cheval Mirrors 40.oo to IOO.00
Ladies' Desks ~ 8.00 to 150.oo
Work Tables IO.00 to 40.oo
Curio Cabinets 40.oo to 125. 00
China Cabinets J; 25. 00 to 150.oo
Costumers 1.25 to 40.oo
Book-Cises 8.00 to 150.oo
Five O'Clock Teas 15.oo to 25.oo
Book Racks 10. 00 to 25.oo
Dinner Chimes 15.oo to 6O.00
Mission Lamps 25. 00 to 40.oo
Footstools 1.25 to 20.oo
Mission Pottery 6.00 to 30.oo
and many other attractive novelties. All
prices are reasonable but consistent with
W&J.'SLOANE &CO.
-FURNITURE • CARPBTS - RUGS - DRAPERIE5*
114-122 POST STREET
Hop Dealers Expect Better Prices.
PORTLAND, Dec. 10.— In marked
contrast to the bullish reports of deal
ers in hops In Tacoma are the state
ments and acts of hop dealers in this
city. One local dealer to-day sold at
25 centSjpeveral hundred bales of hops,
for which he paid 30 cents earlier In
the season.
TACOMA, Dec. 10. — In reply to a
cablegram from London a local firm of
hop dealers sent the following mes
sage: "Market quiet, but firm. We
look for an advance next week."
Prices In Tacoma are now 30 and 31
cents for the best.
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
Sues Raisin Growers' Association.
FRESNO, Dec. 10.-r-A suit has
been brought by A. L. McCray against
the Raisin Growers' Association for
$35,793 S9. To McCray has been as
signed the claims for rental, storage
and packing of seventeen packing
firms. The significance of the sulta
at this time is that the final settle
ment of the affairs of the association,
which failed to reorganize this year,
will be delayed until the suit is fin
ished. The raisin association Is prac
tically bankrupt.*
. Every man who really thinks that
women are angels 1b foolish. Women
themselves don't claim It.1 4
The Following Seven Special Piano
Bargains Will Be Found of the
Greatest Possible Value to
Piano Buyers
Each of Which Is a Picked Sample, in Special
Fancy Design of Case, Shipped on
Here From the Factory,
>
With a View of Securing Our House as Repre-
sentatives for Same, and Are as Follows :
Three very fine "Needham & Sons" uprlg-hta, two of which are large cab-
inet cranda. In unusually fancy hand-carved cases— one In curly French wal-
nut, tha other In fancy figrured mahogany— colonial Btyles, and are perfect
•amples of rare beauty. The "Needham" ranks among the few high grade,
etrictly first-class pianos, and Is one of the oldest and best known makes In
the country. These two- fine styles sell retail at 5550 each, but we shall offer
them to-morrow at $295, on terms of $26 down and J10 per month.
The other "Needham" is also an elaborate sample, not quite so large, pro-
- fosely hand-carved case of rich dark mahogany. Retails at $500. Offer it to-
morrow f ot $255, on same terms as the two above.
The fourth Is a "Reed & Eons," large, handsome cabinet grand, In a very
rar« figure of dark curly walnut— without carving— but Is unusually beauti-
ful la design of case and one of the finest toned pianos that stands In this
wareroom. The tone and action both are so satisfying that the performer Is
always loth to leave It, and if the high class and standing of the "Reed &
Sons'* were as well known here as they are In the East this piano, even at its
• price cf $E50, would have been taken before this, for it stands" high in the"
scale of high grade pianos and east of the Rocky Mountains is handled only
as a leader. It is In. reality a very rare sample piano, and was shipped to us ,
to cell for and has been held at 5550, but it, along with the other samples,
oust be closed out at once, and will be put on sale to-morrow morning at
?2CS. which is its actual cost.
The buyer of this instrument will get more than $500 worth of piano, and
•ne of the best bargains that has ever been given out of this house. This
piano is a snap for any one who cares to go as high as 5300.
The fifth is a rarely beautiful cabinet grand "Krell" piano— a magnificent
exhibition style — in one of the most beautiful mahogany crotch
or mahogany byrl cases we have ever seen (varnish on up-
per panel slightly checked, hardly visible), fine quality of tone-
deep, yet clear and brilliant — "Wessell, Nickel & Gross" ac-
tion, light, rapid repeating. This piano is an exceedingly fine and rare sam-
ple of an exhibition "Krell," and would not be high at its regular retail price,
$690; but it may also go (on account of the slight checking on the muslo rack)
for $2S5, on payments of 525 down and 510 per month.
Another rare bargain In this sale of "seven specials" is a handsome,
large, cabinet grand "Conover." The Conover piano stands among the few
nationally known, "artistic," high-grade pianos of this country, is a very
costly make and Just as fine as it Is costly. This particular specimen is
their costliest style— cabinet gTand — in a rich, fancy figured mahogany case,
with hand-carved panels, fully in keeping with Its high-standard reputa-
tion.
This piano always sells for 5575, and is marked to sell for that now, but
being an elaborate and costly styie, has been In stock for some time and we
will call it slightly shopworn and offer It below its factory cost — consider-
ably below — $275; on terms of $25 down and $10 per month. This piano has to
be called shopworn, or something, in offering it publicly at such a price or
make a lifelong enemy of its manufacturer for offering It new at such a
scandalour figure, but it is worth its regular price of $575 just the same.
These above rarest of rare bargains are all brand new — factory guaran-
tee with each — and are offered at these merciless figures for the Bole pur-
pose of turning these splendid and costly samples into money and good pa-
p»-r immediately and out of the way of our extensive new line of pianos now
on the way to take the place of the "Weber" and its kindred makes (the
Whec-lock and Stuyvesant) for which we no longer hold the agency.
We have about a dozen of these magnificent "Webers" yet to dispose of
and offer them at cost ($163 to $260 below their respective retail prices) and
• ! on terms of $50 down and $15 per month, in order to close all of them out
within the next two or three days— and which places one of the finest and
most widely known pianos in the world within the reach of any who could
afford to pay as much as the retail price of an ordinary piano.
Have a f«*w other fine makes to close out at once, ranging In price (cost
price) from $295 down to $106, on terms of $25 down and $10 per month.
Will close this sale within a few days— probably Wednesday-^and are mak-
ing the effort of our lives in the way of figures (there's nothing in It) to
turn everything in the way of a piano into proceeds at once.
Store open day and evening, at 126 Geary street— opposite the City of
Paris dry goods store. CLARK WISE & CO.,
A. A. Fisher, Manager.
HCIRS FELL TVIXE. — Victoria Stall, wlflow
cf Piet.ro Sirr.i; her sen. H. C. BtraX. and three
dauc-hters, heirs of the estate, yeatertay rare
a h'.ll of esJe of their interest* to the Slml
Land Company. The transfer Include* tha
» ir.ery north cf Eealdsburg and 800,000 gallons
■ot wine.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cores Grip and
Ji celebrated pbyttdan -with a lance
end fasnlonatle tamfly practice In New
Tor* City, eaid: "I fine Dr. Hum-
phreys* 'Seventy-Seven' In the homes
of' mere of my patients than any other
household remedy." This is a good com-
mend for "77." Ask your neighbors what
they take for a Cold, and nine chances
out cf ten It -will be "Seventy-Seven."
"7V cures Grip, Coughs. Colds. Influ-
enza, Catarrh ana Sore Throat, and
cores them aulck*
At DrctT'Jrtj'. 23 ctnta, or maDtd.
Htsspfcrera* Mefliela* Co.. cor. Wmiam and
John »tr«0U. N«w Yortc^
AUTOMOBILE
BARGAINS
Large Machines for Sale- at Small
Prices.
WINTONS and TOLEDOS
AUTO LIVERY CO.
Automobile Experts
SALES, HIRE and REPAIRS
Phones South 1152 and South 66
1185 MARKET STREET .
Woman
/OT^«§Y' v &*wAVl». *• toerttled ami tbonld know
R i'i)c5i\'.*»*lB .. „.„- about the woncetfal
MaS^&MIh MARVEL Whirling Spray
lV'VSSS^^rJvyvVjTh© new »«rta»l e.Trlmro. ln-ee-
V :*VsyASvS»-*w txou arjd *«"*i«i. But— S*f -
N- *'-^ s^7?* f ~r- i f^i»_ .,*" — M— t Convrcieot.
liUcuwaUaUtltr.
Ask jmt tr*t r l« t f»r It. AB ,,(T~ n'*"*^**
it l:e ranr.ottuypij the X. . fJtiJF t'X/Tm'rr
BARVKU accept no >J5^% *■ Wi Cl>-v^
other, but send Man P for *sfc F~^"'.^\ x j
Illustrated boek-»*«.l**. It fire* Yi. / 'tyr
ruJlparUcttUr«aBd<'.trf*"tiot)«in- h'i / jJ
valuable to Ud*es 5l\nviXCO., (Vf . iS
• 41 I'arlt lion, len lark. to. ' ; . r :Jr
IZ2 New Mccigoroery. £u Francisco. Cal.
WlU!*xn Hatterotfc (Ladiea* Dcpij. 2L'| Sutler.
Union Drus Co., 400 Suiter and luo Stockton.
Of pood Brothers... 1th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 EUla
MUSICAL.
PIIYSICIAX IS JAILED
""FOR MURDER OF DENTIST
Interest In Mysterious Death of Dr.
Gerhart Revived by Arrest of
Allesed Slayer.
XEW TJLM, Minn., Dec. 10.— Dr. G. L.
Koch is now under arrest charged with
the murder of Dr. G. L. Gerhart, a den
tist, who was killed in his offlceon the
evening of November 1 last. The war
rant was sworn to by a brother of the
victim.
Dr. Koch fought desperately when
the Sheriff atempted to take an imprint
of his finger tips for the purpose of
comparing it with the marks of bloody
fingers found on the wall and door cas
ing of the murdered man's office.
At the preliminary hearing Dr. Koch
waived examination and was bound
over to wait the action of the Grand
Jury, which will meet here on Tuesday
next. He is In jail, not having asked
for ball.
GERMAN ARMY OFFICER
TO WED AMERICAN GIRIi
Senator Newlands Announces Engage
ment of his Daughter, Frances,
to Lieutenant von Bredow.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— Senator
Newlands of Nevada to-day announced
the engagement of his youngest
daughter, Frances, to Lieutenant
Leopold vorf Bredow of the German
army. Lieutenant von Bredow Is an
officer of the Cuirassier Regiment of
the Guard, stationed at Berlin, He
was an attache of the German em
bassy at Washington during 1908,
Broker Dies In Office.
NEW YORK, Dee, 10.— -J. O. Morris,
formerly a member of the New York
Stock Exchange, but recently an oper
ator on the curb market, died suddenly
In his office to-day. He was about 70
years old and was well-known in finan
cial circles.
SUIT FOR WAQE3. — Arturo Etta* yesterday
began ruit agaJnet the Kaknek Packlnr Com
pany for $2870 aa unpaid wares for twenty
•even men who worked In the Alaska cannery.
REDUCTION SALE
WALL PAPER.
To close out 9 large number of short lots before stock'-takinf?,
we shall offer special inducements for the next two weeks at our
Mission-street store. This sale will be especially attractive .'Co those
who desire medium and high grade papers at a very low price— less
tharl half the regular rates. The assortment is large, embracing over
fifty thousand rolls, among which are ordinary white blanks,' gilts,
tapestries, fancy stripes and two-tone effects of all colors. '
It will pay to purchase now for future requirements. It-is well
to bear in mind that those who call first will find the best assort-
L. TOZER ®> SON CO.
7 6 2 M IS SION S T RE E T
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
TWO JAPANESE
HIGHWAYMEN
Hold Up a Fellow Country
man on Stockton Street
and Then Shoot Him
BULLET THEOUGH EAE
Victim of Bobbers Makes
Resistance and They Fail
-to Obtain His Money
H. Yogi, a Japanese cook In a res
taurant at 629 Pine street, reported
to the police yesterday that while on
his way home Tuesday night he was
confronted on Stockton street, be
tween Pine and California, by a fel
low countryman, who pointed a re
volver at his head and ordered him
to throw up his hands. He did so j
and then a companion o/ the man j
with the revolver grabbe.d him from !
behind and attempted to throw him.
to the cround.
Yogi's wrestling Instincts were
aroused and he was getting the better
of his assailant when the other took
a hand and during the struggle the
revolver was discharged. The bullet
went through Yogi's ear and he fell.
"When the two footpads/ saw blood)
streaming from his ear they thought i
he had been shot through the head
and fled. Yogi saw the Japanese in
terpreter yesterday and was advised
to report the matter to the pollco.
ARREST OP CAPITALIST
OPENS WAY FOR SCANDAL
Man Worth $2,000,000 Charged With
Embezzlement of $3750 by Phil
adelphia Merchant.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— With the ar
rest of George E. Fisher, a New York
capitalist and banker, who was held in
bail on a charge of grand larceny In
the Tombs Police Court to-day, begins
a bitter fight between financial fac
tions. T. W. Pratt said to-night the
arrest of Fisher is but the first of a
series of arrests which will open up
one of the biggest financial scandals
New York has ever seen-
Fisher, who is rated at $2,000,000, was
formerly in control of the Gould, rail
road system in and about Richmond,
Va. He was taken Into custody at his
cfllce In Wall street on Thutsday after
noon, charged specifically by T. Ashby
Blythe, a Philadelphia cotton factory
and yarn merchant, with obtaining
$3750 by false pretenses. He was re
leased on ball.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Monroe has succeeded Cap
tain Bridgett as commander of the
steamship George Loomis.
N. J. Berry, who has been in charge
of the clerical work connected with
the Panama line freight on the Pa
cific Mall wharf, has been appointed
assistant to Agent Pearne at Panama.
Barry left for the isthmus yesterday
on the City of Sydney.
R. Kinsman, purser on the steam
ship City of Puebla, has resigned from
the service of the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company. J. O'Farrell succeeds
Kinsman on the Puebla. . ,
The steamship Pomona, which has
ten undergoing repairs at the Union
Iron Works, is again in commission
and will sail to-morrow for Eureka,
IJoses a Valuable Contract. *
PORTLAND, Dec. 10.-^A. J. McCabe,
contractor, has failed 1?o file the 550,
000 bond required of him before being
awarded the contract for building the
portage railroad around The Dalles of
the Columbia, and bidding will be Im
mediately readvertised for. McCabe's
time limit expired to-night. ' . •
Boat Could Xot Rise.
There is a thrilling story of the ad
venture of a French submarine " boat
while carrying out maneuvers recently
in the neighborhood of Havre. The
little vessel entered the estuary of the
Seine and proceeded some distance up
the river- Then an attempt was made
to bring It to the surface, but It failed
to rise. The fact that the specific grav
ity of fresh water was less than that
of sea water had been overlooked. For
twenty minutes efforts were made to
bring the boat to the surface, but with
out avail, and the position became more
serious when several of the crew grew
faint, owing to the foulness of the air.
To make matters worse the sub
marine. Instead of rising, showed signs
of settling on the river bed and becom
ing fixed there. The officer In com
mand, at length, perceiving the cause
of the trouble, made for the open sea
at full speed. All the while the men
who were suffering behaved admirably.
Shortly afterward they had the satis
faction of noting that ' thetr position
was improving, and that the boat was
gradually rising as they entered the
denser water, and finally they reached
the surface.
By this, time the crew were almost
overcome, but, with tha exception of
three, they quickly recovered on reach
ing the fresh air. The three In ques
tion were so ill that they had to be re
moved to a hospital.— Chicago News.
"What's a howling dervish, George?"
"Why, he's a-a dervish "who howls."
"And why does he howl, George?*' %
"Why, I suppose It's because he's a
dervish." V) V
"And why is he a dervish, Georgo,
dear?"
"I-I . guess it's because he howls.
There, run along, dear, and let me get
a look at the markets-" — Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
play of useful articles suitable for Holiday gifts. No \
store on the Coast is better fitted to serve your needs fe||||**|p||j i H 1 |l 111 1 W^ ass i3
with FURNITURE, CARPETS, DRAPERIES, l^^^^S 5 8 |P "| §j fLj| B 0
STOVES and RANGES. You will always find the y*^=llii^ ■ I J l^j =|gffi §E?*5 p* ifj
goods the best and the PRICES the LOWEST. Come and make 1 t U
your selection early. We store free of cha'rge till wanted. >- TiyjitaTTr™** i«^^^sB52fe> '4,
ITO.1— BTJPrUT— Made of quartsr- »Q. 3^-CHT.T.ATfRTTE OR OEgFTSI!- I KO. 5— MISSION DESK— Made of . fl 0 7 — CHINA CLOSET — Made II
wiwc:d oak. weathered. CT^O QCT MEET'S SIDEBOARD — Made of quarter-sawed oak. KlO.*>r» r *. j P]
Price O^AiZU . quarter-sawed oak. CIQ f»(\ I weathered. Price *?*.Vj . Ot quarter-Sawed Oak, Weatn- M
NO 2-WAI1 CLOCK AND SHEI.*— Price 3>1«J«OU RO. 6— MISSION COTTCH— Made of J Xi-ir* ***** #%!-• 13
Quarter-sawed oak. weathered. jfO. 4 LEATHER BOCXEK— Full, I quartered-sawed oak, weathered. Lp- Crcu* rnt6 ( VK IN
Good timekeeper. CQ1 <5Tf| eprlnp frame; upholstered trQC^'^ri ' holstered in Spanish C41 *>4 »DO\J»Ct%J I]
Price <P *!•«" i n Spanish leather. Prlca «POt/«OV I leather. Price <g-Ta«A~r T M
nently fitted to satisfy your If your floor needs a new cover- soft blending of color as does w^^^^^^^^^L ±_ H
drapery needs. Curtains, &SS& ££.?££ S"2S5 ™?... *" 95c
Couch Covers, Bed Sets, P01- you wish, we can supply it at ab- BODY BRUSSELS — A weave 1!
+,-or,>c TtKIp fnvcr^ anri Cut solutely lowest prices, as the t hat is too well known to need H
tieres, Table Covers and Cut following items wilI show: description. Choice line of Ori- JBSSSBmXS^Smi
Drapes in endless varieties. pRQ BRUSSELS— Reversible. ■ A ental and floral de- Igj Y)\/ ~^^1^W^^^ N
We are prepared to carry out sanitary moth-proof carpet, the sign?. Per yard... 4rl»atj/2 — - : - — --**%!
4 , , best in the market at anything BRUSSELETTE RUGS — A re-
§ any color scheme you may like the price; per yard.. 2D~ versible rug. Several choice t^^^^^^^^^^^
2 suffcest, and will cheerfully *>3^ patterns to select from, tr )*S2*>»*G4g2&*+'a&g
I ;^;^^«tim,r^ v nn vrmr TAPESTRY BRUSSELS— Comes Size 24x54. Each "JW « ..»-_ ■ *
; furnish' estimates on your in OHental and floral designs. CASHMERE RUQ-Law « beoax. »ahqb. »
, work. No matter how small An excellent grade; will Kivei enough for the average room. jy \J
: A* ~,~, r "k- «;£ w ;i1 lasting satisfaction. Per AC/»" 9 XI2 * eet - Some very choice pat- a masterpiece of mechanical ln««na-
; your needs, may be, we Will yar^ * Q$Q terns. This is an excellent re- ity. No cast ranga on the market f
j make every effort "to satisfy VELVET CARPET Closely versible rug. It will give years will canal It for economy and dura-
t fhf .m " woven; soft and luxurious to^the of satisfactory ser- C"|1 blllty. W» juarantea it on .Terr
I tnem - ; -. : thread. No carpet gives this vce. Price, each... 4»H.fcJ point.
EACH EXPECTED OTHER
WOULD DO THE WORK
Louis N. Parker and W. W. Jacobs
Tell of Partnership Play
They Wrote,
LONDON, Dec. 10.— It Is not often
that playwrights come so successfully
through the ordeal of a dinner in their
honor as did W. "W. Jacobs and Louis
N. Parker, Joint authors of that de
lightful farce, "Beauty and the Barge,"
on the occasion of their recent enter
tainment by the Authors' Club. Par
ker took his oratorical Innings first.
"Collaboration, like poverty," he said,
"with which it has* much in common,
makes strange bedfellows." But In
this Instance the bedfellows had estab
lished a friendship which had survived
the test of prosperity and success.
"All the dramatic aspirant wants to
write a } successful play," said Jacobs,
"is a bottle of ink, a pen, some paper
and— Louis Parker."
■ Their ' collaboration, according to his
whimsical description of it, had been
founded on tha firm hope that each
man would do all the work. In fact,
he deolared; they had "wasted months
writing encouraging letters to eaoh
other." i .
MERCHANT WHILE INSANE __
TAKES DOSE OF STRYCHNINE
Butt© • Man Leaves Note Tellin* of
yi«> Hopeless Struggle Against
the World.
BUTTB» Mont, Deo. 10.-^-"I have
had the misfortune to fall among the
most cowardly human curs in the
world and have worried along for
years tryrng to . live, but finally gave
it up as hopeless and have taken the
only way out of it and' committed sui
cide to end a miserable life."
This was the message of John C
Reznor to the world before he tools
his life several days ago. Striving in
vain to fight off insanity, Reznor took
strychnine. His body was discovered
this afternoon by friends, who were
Investigating the man's prolonged ab
sence from his work. Reznor was one
of.Butte's oldest and best known mer
chants, being a member of the firm
of Elllnarwood & Reznor.
Reznor had been sent to the Warm
Springs asylum two years ago, but e«
caped,. coming to Butte. As he ap
peared to have recovered no effort
was made to return him to the asy
lum. . . , ,-: :
ELECTION OFFICIALS
PUNISHED IN DENVER
Four. Men ".Who Permitted Fraudulent
. Deeds ot the Polls . Sentenced by
' Supreme Court.
: iDENVER, Dec. 10.— Four election
officials of Precinct ■ 6, •': "Ward 5, . were
sentenced to Jail In the Supreme Court
to-day for ., -.contempt, having been
found guilty of permitting: ; fraudulent
practices at the recent election ! in >" dls^
rtarard of the courts' orders. -James
ADVERTISEMENTS.
P. Mulllns was sentenced to nine
months' imprisonment and '$500 fine
and costs; William Bergman and J. P.
Kitson to six months' imprisonment
and $500 fine and costs each, and Pat
rick Reid to three months' imprison
ment without fine.
Experts reported that about eight
ballots found in the box from this pre
cinct had been cast by repeaters.
Preacher and Author Dies.
BOSTON, Deo. 10. — Rev. Dr. Rois
Jlllr i#fjlT v 42RE?1£/ 1T&I Id EJAI5S * a^wi&
J^^v-^MwMs^ wnCff 9 01!^ BaAiia /M^^P^
1 fji^iv? BTS»^£_ W Hats 9 8 o ri^ffij^
; MISS MARMARA HENBY, FLORENCE RCS3ELI-, " '^-^C^^^^S^^*"^
fsOStt rorreatvlUe At*., - CHICAGO. '- Ap 6 yean, * 4 -^SSEe . — „. ~ ,
I; Miss Henry WHrsr-BerorwXberaauelnirDandertn* » IS Mohawk Sti^et, CHICAGO. MISS SEI.MA HASSKtl*^ _
f tny hair was fallln* out In peat handsful. and I am 91oce It has tx^come rtnerally known ...« v».,», i->,! Court. CUlCitXX
UpftMod to s»ytb»ipandertne not only stopped It at that Dandertne causes hair to crow Just *? aa JiortU 4Sa loan, _ v«*v»w»»«
f once, bul has mad* tn» hair prow more than twice as abundantly on the heads of children a» „ , ..... ,. v _ h .,, -.-m m .
\ as Ion* as It ever wsa> , It doe* on those of matured persons, many Mia* Hassel aays: My
\ Mr*. Elolse Atherton. Little Rock. Ark., aays: -It truly marvelous case* are cotnin* to our reach below my waist when I tesan u»in*
i la surely remarkable the way Dandwrtn* Improves notice. Little Miss RuaseU. whose photo- your Dunderlne. It wa* also faded ana sput*
'the hair. It has made tny hair crow ten Inches Ion*- gmph appear* above. 1» certainly one of .•_- ,, n^ esd*. Sow It Is over t% feet
1 er In five months and It It* rettlnp thicker and longer the remarkable one*. Her beautiful hair ,"„,„. ,t.. n 1 . «>r was and. It has Kcalaed
•all th« lime. I believe In riving praise where It Is. la over thirty lnehe* Ion* und her mother }««*» T«* n "£ 'wondeolOT 1 used the tonla
due, and you can use vpj name as reference If you eay* that -DANDERINE GREW EVERY *» ort*ina) rich * lo ~ * S"* 0 u >« wmo
eo desire." •;. • BIT OP IT."- about four months all together.
DANDERINE is to the hair what fresh showers of rain and sunshine are. to vegetation. It goes right to the
robte, invigorates and strengthens them. Its exhilarating, fertilizing and life-producing properties cause the- hair to
grow abundantly long.strongand beautiful. IT SS THEVHATUnAL FOOD OF THE HAIR, SCIENTIFICALLY
CHARGED WITH NEW AND GENUINE LIFE-PRODUCING ESSENCES UNHEARD JDF BY OTMEB
MAKERS OF HAIR TONIC. NOW >t all druggists in three sizes, 23 cents,00 cents and $1.OO per bottle, .
'■ E D C C To show bow quickly Dmndmrtnm aots. w^ will send a large sample tree by return mall to anyone who »nds t&U •£TertIieaMO».
Tntbi to tbs Knowlton Daoderincr Co., Chicago, with their name and address and ten cents In sliver or stomps to pay p«stasa. J
ON: & C6., Wholesale Agents.
C. Houghton, formerly of Portland,
Or., a well-known retired Congrega
tional clergyman and the author of
several historical books, died to-day
at his home in Maiden, aged 62 years.
»
Old-Time Republican Dead.
MADISON, Wls., Dec. 10. — Orson E.
Woodbury, author of the campaign
song of 1840, "Tippecanoo and Tyler,
Tco," is dead here at the age of 80
years. He wrote several other songs,
•ADVERTISEMENTS.
was once a Wisconsin editor and was
>one of th» three men that called tha
first Republican meeting In Berlin,
"Wis., In 1854. Woodbury claimed that
the Republican party was organized
there. He was driven out of St. Lioula
during the Civil War because of anti
slavery sentiments expressed.
■ i ■
From the hobo'a point of rtew no
man ought to do enough work to ren
der a vacation necessary*
3334
AmTERTlSEMEXTS^^v
r..-cc free cf cxren e at the sro;c or iny dealer vihj \f®S \
1m. E. WATEBUAH CO.. 173 Broad-way. New Yoik.
Exchanges 138 Mo&tromery St.. San rraacisco.
H Many have said thev would B
M not give serious consideration to /f^5fflP4
I any piano-player which was not ((S ijfff /
II equipped with the METRO- qJ>£-L/
I Tht PIANOLA J\
H Is the only piano-plaver possess- ?2^V
[J inp the METROSTYLE. The * qj^ g^SN
JJ Metrostj'le will hereafter be in- '^flj C 1
|| corporated in all Pianolas, and the { iff _ r -J* tS fk
r| I'ianola may be purchased at the |VrJ! Wff •'/ ( |»\
11 same price as other players. -^JsS «h W i$ tt \%\.
Skohler&ohase
j COR. POST an] KE.RXY STS. "~^^
Mayor Worswick Makes Appointments
SAX JOSE, Dec. 10. — Mayor Wors
wick to-day appointed Frank J. Ham
bly, an attorney, a member of the Po
lice- and Fire Commission in place of
8. G. Tompkins, resigned, and J. H.
Nikirk, a contractor, a member of the
City Council from the Fourth Ward in
place of A. L. Hubbard. elected Super*
visor.
Poet's Bible Sells for $3250.
LONDON. Dec. 10. — Robert Burns*
family Bible containing interesting
family entries was sold at auction here
to-day for $3250. The purchaser was
a London dealer.
J&$5¥ *£^ttkff f&ra ™* Jm $ !a^ J^^^^^^<JjfSSil f§ $&^Pf^Ffb&§ jSi JtfP^t &mh& J$3& E^S BESS
jaSr^ BSBfBmff But Ja £p*1&! Bs& jtiSt £-£* MOGVBb*. j3 k§ SfmSfBr J$$k WS^ J^^a BS BSi^
I FURS. JACKETS. SKIRTS. DRESSES. I
To make Christmas a happy time !or ladies we will begin a great Clearance Sale of Furs, I
JacKcls, Dresses, SKirts and Waists Monday Morning. Now is the lime every one is buy- 1
J in I something for mother, wife or sister. There isn't any thing more acceptable than a styl- %
fj ish garment We have made genuine reductions, and if you need a Dress, Waist, Fu r A
A Scarf, JacKet or Skirt to wear or "give away you will find them herc for very little money b
I CHRISTMAS FUR SALE CHRISTMAS DRESS SALE I
¥ [ FOR S7.OO I FOR S15.OO 0
H G$$r^k\ NECK BOAS, LIKE CUT, FIN: Aloto{stylisbALL WOOL TAILOR >»^ ' %
>A M »fi» f0X 0P °SSUM-Two yards MADE ORcSSES, LIKE CUT— W
0 »i«r7twkl lon ? : 6ome Uned with P enttlae Newest style coats and skirt* in tjfE?r>i\ A
% tquiTtel, all finished with six mixtures or plala cheviots; coats /**// (W W
m or right tails. Former price are all silk lined. Former price /Stfii«rT^M Si
U i: \ifl flv| $10 - C0 - -320,00 and 522.50. m^j) W
S WaWi for $35.00 for $20.00 .JI^V f
9 tm\wl\ rl^ST QUALITY NEAR SEAL FUR £ R £"£J ot . of fi °« Al r L ;. V V 00 L //IRIA ft
/I • ,\\\<\i%<\ MTKFT«i r 11 j f D «L*SES, in various c oths and YVfTW W
U ll Will/ JACKETb - C°l'« "d revere? of sty es, all of best material -all with I 0 5 l\
» WtiMfll £ enuinc mink or chinchilla; lined silk linei jackets; nearly alfco'ors I, J] ft ¥
\J »%l/}/CTfi/ an^ flaiihed in most eleeant sty'e. and blacks- Former prices were § \[\ \\ M
1 .Sir *"«• J*^^ «• $60 00 $30.00 to $35.00. M J \ \ W
ff "" «du FOR $25.00 M II Vv ft
A c-ad <rt r> g-»rx "W"e have takea a lot of this season's Cff §*■ W A
■f rOR &3.5O ■■£gi&i. 1 best styles la fine all i
Q GENUINE OPOSSUM MARTEN NECK wool cloth tailor-made li^ Wa^ > - < ' &
j| FURS — Broad shape, four tails. Worth Dr«ses that have always sold at from $32.50 W
W $5.03. \KjR-^ to $40.00 and out them in this sale at the one A
]n JC/™* c> <t» *-% #>#-v jT^r price of $25.00. You 'will not find their V
0 5PJ.UW /iilSrfo>^ equal anywhere. • A
* A LOT OF COMBINATION FUR A\D PLAIN V Mffl/M?\ WAHM lVOOr u/yilCTC *
ft FUR COLLARETTES-10 inches deep, with MhI////£ \ eVol t^Z? . ™ AiSTS . ft
% term collars; all «ti • lined. Were priced W if 11 A \ l\^ Q" 8 "^- W ««< Wai StS, 95C |
B $7.50. P $1-75 quality Wool Waists. $!.25 ft
ft " *=-n» «-v czn x^™%^ f $400 Granite Cloth Waists, $1.75 K
M FOR &Y.5O $4 " 50 Mohalr Walsts - - $3.25 W
kM All wool taa covert cloth Jackets, all satin Rt3t5k^7 F = "f*.Ft l <R 1C\ t\f\ ok
ft Uaei. Vere$J0.00. W, Lots of styles in all wool covert Jackets, satia' T
L( l-'Olir* fl5 /*5 An ■ • lined. Were $12.50 and $13.00 ' ; /' ,B
if Quite an Assortment of fashionable covert cosset jacket— Like fOrC 9l3<UO' Ja
A doth Jackets, in loose or fitted backs. Were St^? wo « 1 °^^ Tbf "- < ? ua f*f 1 r lo _ Q f C 01 * 8 ' in ** n h ers ! vs and W
W ti.fti j<tnm 2fZ a £» " atla ■ Ua * A '' coverts and black kerseys: some lined, some »
B 518.03 and $20.C0. w«re Sio.oo. J unlined. "Were priced $18.00 to $22,50. ft
I FOR $25.00 AND $35.00 I
J A lot of fine quality Evening: Coats, elegantly lined and finished. Were priced $40.00 to $65.00 W
ft MAIL ORDERS CAREFULLY FILLED. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. 1
I 120 KEARNY STREET I
Yacht's Yawl Breaks Adrift.
The twelve-foot yawl of Ihe yacht
Fapho of the San Francisco Yacht
Club went cruising on its own account
the other day, and might have been
voyaging yet had she not met outside
the heads the boat in which G. Marino,
crab fisherman, was returning to mar
ket. Marino towed the runaway yawl
to Fisherman's Wharf, \vhere she is se
curely tied up awaiting the arrival of
her owner.
• PETITIONS IX INSOLVENCY.— Petitions in
ln?ol\€ncy were filed yesterday in th» United
States District Court as follows: R. Han
cock, clerk. Sacramento, liabilities (970. no
assets; Mrs. Mary .Crawford, "sometimes
known as Mary Chlaester," boardtng-hous*.
keeper. Stockton, liabilities $SCO, assets $24.
ADVERTISE31ENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
KEEN DEMAND
FOR PROPERTIES
Buyers of Realty Largely
Favoring the Districts
West of Central Avenue
KEEPING BKOKEBS BUSY
December Is Holding Up
the Record of Activity
for the .-Current Year
The December sales of local real es
tate, according to the most conserva
tive brokers, are reasonably sure to j
equal in number and in value repre- ■
eftnted those of December, 1903. The J
market is in fine shape. The movement ;
of purchasers toward the ocean, in the
Sunset and Richmond districts, contin
ues to be a maiked feature, as it is an
indication of the market.
The confidence of the people is very :
strong in the future, and signs of that |
fact are manifested by the busy aspect ]
of the real estate brokers' offices. New j
tracts in the suburbs are required to •
meet the demand for homes easy of j
access by electric roads. The move- 1
ment across the bay is large. Great i
cities are surely to exist on the east
shore. In Berkeley there is no cessa
tion of activity. The indications are
strong that the Key Route will soon |
reach the northern limits of Berkeley. I
Many flats in this city are still vacant,
but building is reasonably brisk and '
flats are included in the more recent j
contracts for construction work. !
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report among
others the following recent sales: For
Mrs. O. P. Murray and Mary S. Thom
as, 1068 Howard street, between Sixth
and Seventh, 25x90 feet, for $10,500; for
John M. Bradt, west line of Sanchez
street, 116:6 feet north of Seventeenth,
lot 25x100 feet and three flats, for $7800;
1563-1565 Fulton street, between Baker
and Lyon, and lot, 25x137:6 feet, for
$6300; for J. F. Walter, 622 Minna
street and lot, 25x75 feet, for $4700; for
Mrs. S. Guterson, 50x117:6 feet to an al
ley on the east line of Bartlett street,
275 feet south of Twenty-fifth, for $3500;
for Fredrica Fox, improvements and
lot on the west line of Mason street,
34:4% feet north of Green, for $3433;
for Ida Malmquist, lot and improve
ments southwest corner Sixteenth and
Castro streets, 27x100 feet, for $3400; for
A. J. Rankin, lot 26x125 feet on the west
line of Sanchez street, 212 feet north of
Fourteenth, for $2600; for Mrs. S. Gu
terson, 27:6x117:6 feet to an alley on !
the east line of Bartlett street, 195 feet '.
south of Twenty-fifth, for $1900; for
Hinds estate, 25x120 feet on the east
line of Third avenue, 225 feet north of
Point Lobos avenue, for $1250; for Wil
liam McCall. 60x100 feet on the south
east corner of Clement street and
Twenty-seventh avenue, for $1050; for
William Ross, 30x120 feet on the west
line of Twentieth avenue, 104 feet south
of Lake street, for $1025; for Josephine
Gorel, 7Sxl00 feet on the south line of
L street, for $785; for William McCall,
27:6x100 feet on the north line of Point
Lobos avenue, 27:6 feet east of Twenty
seventh avenue, for $400.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold the
northwest corner of Golden Gate ave- i
nue and Fillmore street, fronting 137:6;
feet on Fillmore and 80 feet on Golden {
Gate avenue, for a price close to $30,000.
The name of the buyer is withheld. It ■
Is the buyer's intention to erect a four- j
story building on the lot, with stores'
below and an apartment-house on the
upper floors. This lot has for years i
been occupied by Duffy, the florist. I
THE RICHMOND DISTRICT. i I
Among recent sales by Bovee, Toy &
Co. are the following: Northeast cor
ner of Hayes and Clayton street, 70x125
feet. Matthews estate to J. Grosdldier,
$7000; northeast corner of Lake street
and Twenty-first avenue, 32:6x100, to
Edwards Stearns, who will build a resi-
What ' couW be better than a gift of Furniture?
W^^^ r W^l^^H Daily use— daily thoughts of the generous friend and a certain happy Christmas.
Wiffflifflk v - wH)»^S : GifiS that, will last* end be appreciated for a lifetims.
twk &Jt0PsflffiI0%%^'''> J < w* "-3ZTi mission sockis. I S^c C^^ I>
THE DAVENPOKT •«•><> Art anXSIO OAB1WIST, 82a. Broad and massive and Long winter evenings
I"- . -*~- ArHcti/* \ * v -r- r ' # ' A « ew Wea and a good comfortable. A splendid make the card tabla next to
Iggiligr . S^f|S: SftF-jSraa fe^S iSS«.^SJ^
XZ^''?Tr&?Z'l ! j)^*> '/* L'\f ; " "" - carvinp at the arms. Splendid tapes- upright. You can select made of Imitation Span- one — 36 Inchea wide. Comes
WSBVKf^^ c^sfr^ioT- OToi^w.rrJss ?z^*r2£&.«%&. ss^^^.s? s °£^?\r\
■ look well where It has seen-servlce. | |^^^ " or polished golden oak. Sq uare top, as you prefer.
ill If W -^ V Mission Book Case, Parlor Easy Chair, I] \\
1 • 1/ . Jv?"^ $13.50 $22.50 H^7 : \
j||L W/ Massive Morris Chair, A pretty oddment, and its A carved mahogany 1 •/. \ v
W 1' - CIO nn ■ utility is doubled, it being Just frame, upholstered in dark ■ { \
| . I »> I <J.UU the height of a library table. ereen s in, velours It is " X. I
Made of quarter-sawed oak, in ? r . £1 , j Cl ° urs ' ll lb . N*-^.^
A DRESSING TABLE Isothing could be more accept- weathered finish. Book shelves hair filled and made as x t _ _**~~*-»*
I1K1! able to the men folks. Nothing ° n^ u *}$**■ Who wouldn't like we ll as any $35-OO chair CXXNA CABHTET, 818.75-
Made *™h™ chest of about l ? Is one t0 snow that It's such a Christmas^ present? can bfi ma( £ Every woman lo^ s pp< Jg;
quarter-sawed oak birdseye a Morris Chair, f Xo rods ■"— ■—^ ■— >^ •^___i _ . _ . . . china, loves to see it proper-
maple and genuine mahog- or ratchets. Nothing . , --<^^w^ Herc IS a P re3 " \* «"* p f ye^ r^ ??A 1 W ??'
any v. » j . _— ~ /^5*y?'ir^W r Tuir)v- « n t th*t -uritl *° "° *t — a China Cabinet.
In blrdseye maple m «> o<> but P 00 * looks and cora " y^rf^^^r^^P^^^TC-Q^^^W^ ? fu T- The one Pictured will make
In quarter^wed fort.' . & JZ -^3c (SBSi plcaSe the Cntire somebody happy this Christ-
oak ..?.^.. Si 7. r,0 You adjust the back ' f'JB&jfi^i' ' {f^'W A^^U'WWffl household— a gift mas Polisned quarter-
HS-CE^i y^C^^^=^ — ■ g 2 ~ j
ture and man can produce. f^ck^nd 0 ~ ~ ~T ~ '. —
3^ L r Oa chbxst. a ««„ cotxcH. 810.50. ' Lots °^ Suggestions in the
c * c «a£y > LIAS GIVING. Carved base, in cither oak or mahogany fl n - lirflpery KOOIT1
Vff|( " wo^S 1^ 86 -! 118 IK" th A e S S?^ Ul th a a S t C o O u U nt C s OUl^h^ l8 s h prfn°gs "SS Bri^t pretty things that are made doubly accept-
i-r-f^Tifriwi A CHOCOLATE SET. th . e best that money can buy— and plenty of 1° ® usefulness -
/^mp££ f '-Js^jSStfM SI..">r>. them. No machine work In SterllnR Couches; Sofa PlUoV/?-— RpflUtlP*; for 1
C3C8»*.f^t^S^ Daintiest egg - shell everything made by hand; stout tufting; every- oul<x rl ' luws -DCaUUCb IOF 1 ,JU
f "^Ti | jTr i china, beautifully deco- thing firm and secure. Your choice of a hun- Bigr. plump Cushions, filled with pure floss, covered
■ rated. Three patterns to nred coverings. > i n goods that are actually worth more than the price
choose from. "^^"■^^"^■^^■■^^^^■■^^■^■■^^■■^^■^^■■■^» of the entire Cushion — but that's one way of getting
china cake set, $1.15. * Christmas usually drains the J ld ot , remnant3 -
ch C oic k e% T AL^ d dec < !^ti I c n n d s lvidual C: * e Plates - P™**- Leather Portieres— $8.00 Upward
!:. mttie hostess binnek sets. 83.75. Handy to order what, you pamm" cut andbraided lnto the most beautlfuI
Hardly small enough to be called a toy; they'd Want* and DEV 1H 1905. ' MflTltp]
answer admirably as a tea set. 6-inch plates, V^..»««. «!«l 1 *• ...... ITlOniei OCaTIS
7-inch covered dishes. Gold bands, with floral I OU re WeiCOlIVe IO Credit* Some of East Indian manufacture show the most
decorations. here OilHktmjl*; and all ♦ fio * Jttvo wonderful native embroidering. Two yards Ion ?. The
• • ucre, v^iirisimas ana ail t»ne t>ime. richest of colorings ? : sU.oo
■BfflniT m \aa ya mfSS Baal Kr w^mSH mJ I » • i H I viv I —TiM
HH%^ c/» !!& mr Ja ttm~ I FotWBaiiiTft^ifiiif A^»° u L " ■ LTWi^lLrvjmcOTi
SSI M Wm &®rf wmy* w a d Jf • y y 9 J A & JBSml
dence; 25x120 feet on the east lin^ of
Twenty-fourth avenue, 175 feet south of
Lake street; 30x100 feet on the north
side of Lake street, 57:6 east of Eight
eenth avenue, from R. D. Connolly to
Bert Goldsmith; 25x100 feet on the
north side of Lake street, 32:6 east of
Twenty-first avenue, to Mary A.
Deane; on the west line of Twentieth
avenue, 100 feet north of Lake street,
from James F. Pressley to W. P. Buck-,
ingham; on the east line of Eighteenth
avenue, 100 feet north of Lake street,
Josephla Martens to James F. Pressley;
on the east line of Twenty-first avenue,
100 feet north of Lake street, to Mary
A. Deane; on the east line of Twenty
first avenue. 150 feet north of , Lake
street, to William Fitch; on the east
side of Twenty-nrst avenue, 125 feet
north of. Lake to* J. F. Beasom; on the
west line of Twentieth avenue, 125 feet
north of Lake to J. F. Beasom; on the
west line of Twentieth avenue. 125 feet
north of Lake street, to William Gardi
ner; two lots on the west line of Sev
enteenth avenue. 100 feet north of Lake
street, 50x120 feet, Josephia Martens to
D. Cavalier; three lots on the west line
of Seventeenth' avenue, 80x120 feet, 150
feet north of Lake street, Josephia
Martens to J. L. Tierney; the southeast
corner of Lake street and Seventeenth
avenue, 32:6x100, George* W. Turner to
J. L. • Tierney; 25x120 feet on the east
side of Seventeenth' avenue, 100 feet
south of Lake street, same to Lottie
Emmons; 25x120 feet on the east line
of Seventeenth avenue, 125 feet south of
Lake street, same to Mrs. Louise Cava
lier; the northeast, corner of California
street and Seventeenth avenue, k 32: 6x100
feet, to J. L: Tierney;, the northwest
comer of Sixteenth avenue and Cali
fornia street. 32:6x100,' same to Annfe S.
d'Ancona; 25x120' feet! on the \vest;slde
of Sixteenth avenue, 100 feet north of
California street, same to LoulseiCava
lier; southwest corner of Sixteenth av
enue and Lake, street, 32:6x100, same
to Annie S. d'Ancona; 25x120 feet on the
west side Y>f Sixteenth avenue. 100 feet
south of Lake street, same- to--Loulse
Cavalier, and the southeast corner of
Persia avenue, and London street, 25x
100 feet, James Sharpe to a client. :
Boardman* Brothers & Co. report the
following sales: To F. M. Voigt, lot on
the south line of Sacramento street,
106:3 feet east of Lyon, 50x137:6 for
$4750; for Mrs. L. C. Sanchez to W. L..
Fry, south line of Lake street. 75 feet
east of Twenty-third avenue, 25x100, for,
5700; for same to A. W. Liechti, south
line i of Lake street, 50 feet east of
Twenty-third avenue, 25x100, for 5700:
for same to Elizabeth R. Seaton, south
line ;cf Lake street, 25 feet east of
Twenty-third avenue, j 25x100 feet, for
5750; for same, southeast corner of Lake
street and Twenty-third avenue, 25x100
feet to C. H. Lane, for $1100; to a client,
lot" and I flats on the northerly side of
Natoma Btreet, west of Eighth, 25x75
feet, for $4000. ■ , .
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
Baldwin & Howell?. report that the
United Railroads Company is ' about to
erect a waiting ; and shelter ■ station 'on
H street, east of, Twentieth avenue; and
supply the same with , five ; electric
lights. It will be an , ornamental , affair
according to the committee in charge of
the matter. Teams and a large number
of j men [ are : grading ; and ;, sewerine .the
avenues and streets north of Golden
Gate Park in the new marine view dis
trict known as "Sutro Heights Addi
tion" for which Baldwin & Howell are
sole agents. Dr. Gustav Dresel has
bought of Albert Meyer the northeast
corner of Vallejo and Baker streets,
50x162:6 with L for about 514.000. This
corner is a fancy piece of property from
which the marine view is superb. Bald
win & Howell were the agents. Vallejo
street, from Broderick to Baker, is be
ing bituminized. Wherever the streets
and avenues south of Golden Gate Park
have been supplied with Its gas mains,
the San Francisco Gas. Company Is now
placing additional street lamps as far
west as Twentieth avenue, from H to I
streets, thus lighting up this outlying
district to the great satisfaction of the
residents. • ; V -v
Sol. Getz & Son report the following
sales: 23x100 on thenonnwest corner
of China avenue and London street, to
Anna Wheeler; 62:6x120 on the north
east corner of the Forty-ninth-avenue
Ocean Boulevard and L street, to A.
Wood. William Munn and Louis Flch
ter;: 25x120 on the east line of, the For
ty-ninth-av.enue Ocean Boulevard, 62:6
feet north of L street, to P. J. Weniger;
25x100 on the southeast corner of Brazil
avenue and Lisbon street, to F. GU
fether; 25x100 on the northeast line of
Brazil avenue, 75 feet southeast of Lis
bon street, to Salome Casty; 25x120 on
the east line of the Forty-ninth-avenue
Ocean Boulevard, 87:6 feet north, of. L
street, to E. T. Weniger; 50x100 on the
northwest line of Athens street, 150 feet
northeast of China avenue, to J. Kober
ling; 25x120 on the west line of Ninth
avenue, 225 feet south of J street, to Os
car Edelmahn;' 50x240 on the east line
of the Forty-ninth-avenue Ocean
Boulevard, 225 feet south of S street, to
John A. Hammersmith. L-l-
Mrs. Archie Cambridge, an extensive
property owner at Oceanside/" has sold
tc- Sol. Getz a large corner on the Ocean
Boulevard. Sol. Getz & Son will next
week commence the grading of a new
block that they recently purchased on
the Ocean Boulevard, between R and S
streets, which they will then put on the
market in subdivisions. Extensive im
provements in the erection of; resi
dences are continually being made at
Oceanside. F. H. Irvine has just com
pleted three residences on the west line
c-f Forty-seventh avenue, near H'. street.
A 4-room cottage is being built for J.
H. Feldbusch on the west line of Forty
seventh avenue, between H and I
streets.. On the north line of I street,
near Forty-seventh avenue. Miss Huld
husen i3 having- a one-story cottage
erected. Peter M. Leonard is building
a 1%-story cottage on the west line of
Forty-fifth avenue, between" H and I
streets. Isabella A. Andrews has let
the contract, for a 2-story residence on
the west line . of Forty-fifth avenue,
near I street. Miss Ida L. Harris has
just completed and is now occupying a
1 Mr-story : cottage on the west line of
Forty-eighth avenue, between K and L
streets.
VARIOUS LOCALITIES.
r Oscar Heyman has made • the follow
ing sales : 25x120 feet on the east line
of . Thirty-second avenue, 100 feet south
of C street, for ' $450. to C. HJ* Farrell ;
on the, east line of Thirty-second , ave-'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nue, 25 feet south of C, to Charles H.
Lombard; on the east side of Thirty
second avenue, 150 feet south of C, for
5450, to H. A. Butler; on the east side
of Thirty-second avenue, 300 feet north
of Fulton, for $450, to P. W. Gedney;
50x100 feet on the corner of Hopkins
street and Corbett avenue, for $800, to
M. Hanson; house and lot on the south
line of Alvarado street, 50 feet east of
View avenue, to John Cox, for $2850;
half of block 174 of the University
Homestead, to L. Gauvin, for $1500; 50x
120 feet on the east line of Forty-sev
enth avenue, 100 feet north of K street,
to J. Herzog, for $1600; 25x100 feet on
the east side of Lincoln avenue, 300
feet south of Hopkins street, to J. Carl
son, for $300; 25x120 feet on the west
side of Forty-sixth avenue, 225 feet
south of T street, for $300; 50x100 feet
on the south line of Roanoke street, 100
feet north of Bemls, for $600; the
southwest corner of Girard and Silli
man streets, 25x95 feet, for $450; eight
lots on the west side of Girard street,
south of Silliman and nprth of Felton,
for 5300 and $600; the northwest corner
of Felton and Girard streets, 50x95 feet,
for $750; 50x100 feet on the north side
of Felton street, 95 west of irard, for
$600; the southwest corner of Silliman
and Berlin streets, 75x95 feet, for $1050;
two lots, each 60x120 feet, on - the east
line of Berlin street, one south of Silli
man and the other north of Felton, for
5600 apiece, and to N. D. Newman,
eleven lots south of the "park.
F. B. Surrhyne reports the following
recent sales: J. F. Sims to Sol Getz,
northwest line of Athens street, 150 feet
northeast from China avenue, 150x100
feet, $350; Cunningham estate to Jo
seph Laee, lot and improvements on the
northeast corner of Ninth and Bryant
streets. 50x85 feet, for $12,500; J. F. Led
dy to Georgia Richmon, west line of
Twenty-eighth avenue, 275 feet south of
I street. 25x120 feet, for $175; McVerry
estate to R. I. "Whelan. west line of
Ninth street, 75 feet south of Harrison,
GOIN&l G-OING!! GONE!!!
lancisc iuiut it. eanciu vu un n. . tdo ute fu iespicul
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
*t»t •* t... TheOwa 2I A V rwB « 1 y«»« w kUUtheDwidrtiflOerai"
I l\e Rabbit And the GUllVea-Pl7 who took scales from a student who was
r«^?Z fS 10^*™!! W ". ) !?• the ? rit to ; *• * *'* ™ d th * P'K «x"mc bald. Newbre?. H«rpl-
S!«5^ "K * nd coau * m * "J"? «* «["• cld« Is the Jririnal dandruff fern dwtroyer. It
hSSS2JfS™i« rt i," > ."- l Ai d^! ll< i e4a Mb . b B ,* lth nature intended. Awimlefful tulrsavtr.
- ZZL £ts £% r * nd BUhop A dellehtful drtsslng. Stops itchlnr Intuntly.
Onf Sum. $1J0. Usi tot, ttnaps, t» HHtflClOE CO, Dept H. Detroit. UxH. tot a saapit
-■ AJgIJCAieO»8 AT PaoaUJTElTT ZAXSSS SSO73.
75x100 feet, for $8250; Edwin GoodaH to
Otto Lanr, east line . of Buena Vista
avenue, 78 feet south of "Waller street.
32x107 feet, also south line of Waller
oc r inn* , 155 east of Buena -Vista avenue,
28x100 feet, for $5750; Edwin GoodaU to
L. Lang, lot on the east line of Buena
Vista avenue, 44:11 feet south of Wal
ler street. 33:11x123 feet, for $4000: Ed
win Goodall to F. m. DeLano. south
west corner Devisadero and Waller
streets 32x100 feet, for $3900; Edwto
Goodall to J. Jacobson, east line of
Buena \ista avenue. 133 feet south of
Waller street, 30x128 feet. $3750: J jLd
ple to Margaret Wickes. three nrases
and 50x90 feet. 515-517-519 Webstar
street, near Hayes, for $8500; J. W. An
derson to A. Brady, three flats and tix
100 feet at 3184-3186 Sixteenth street,
near Guerrero, for $6000; Wrangham &
Donnela to S. Pearl, northeast corner
of Ashbury and Halght streets, 25x100
LEASES AJTD SAT.T^
G. H. Umbsen & Co. hay recently
closed the following: leases: Crocker
estate to Moss. Mier & Co., bulldta* at
622 Market street for five years. $39,000;
Claus Spreckela to J. A. Bassity. upper
portion of 1206 Market street for two
years, $12,000; California Pacific Com
pany to the Eastern Outfitting; Com
pany, upper portion of building north
east corner of Turk and Taylor streets
for five years, $18,000; Claus Spreckela
to S. Rosenthal. store at 937 Market
street for three years. 51M0O; Clans
Spreckels to H. Summerfleld, store at
947 Market street for three years. S2L
600; Claus Spreckels to No Percentage
Drug Company, store at 943 Market
street for three years, $21,600.
A lease has been made by Bovee, Toy
& Co. of the four-story building at 211
and 215 Market street, for ten years, to
a client, for $48,000.
Land grebe, McNevin & Jones have
sold a lot and six flats for Mrs. Lobres
Continued on Pace 35, Column 2.
A^\ v , ApVEKTISKSJEtfTS.VICTORY SHOWS
COMBES' POWER
Defeat of Enemies of French
Premier on Spy Question
Makes Ministry Stronger
DUELLO IS RECOGNIZED
Government's Issuance of a
Permit to Fight Is Looked
on as Official Sanction
PARIS. Dec. 10.— Premier Combes and
his Cabinet have weathered another
etorm, the vote in the Chamber of Dep
uties yesterday evening having the ef
fect of making the Ministry stronger
than ever. This assures the carrying
out of M. Combes' programme, of
■which the principal feature is the sep
aration of church and state- The over
throw of tie programme has been the
real Issue, although the opposition
combined upon a number of ralnor
Questions whereon they were able* to
arouse popular sympathy.
The eystem by which the Gcvern
isent collects eecret Information con
cerning the private lives of army offi
cers and civil officials offered the best
means for attack. The opposition suc
ceeded In arousing intense popular
• Citation, exceeding anything since the
Dreyfus case. The entire country took
sides for or against the practice and
eccres of duels were fought between
army officers. Judges. Deputies and of
flcia's. War Minister Andre's fall,
Deputy Syveton's tragic death and the
riots over the Joan of Arc incident
were part of the same manifestation-
It was believed that M. Combes
would be unable to resist the wave of
popular agitation, but the vote was ac
cepted as giving the Cabinet an ln
def.r.ite extension. It also shows the
growing stability of the French Cabi
net and its power to resist popular ex
citement.
The Government's Issuance of a permit
to M. Deroulede to enter France and
f.ght a duel with M. Jaures Is construed
as beir-s a formal official recognition
of duelling. Hitherto the practice has
rot been tolerated. Many unavailing
efforts have been made to pass pro
hibitory laws. The Socialists chiefly
opposed the practice, holding that
fencing is a relic of the pastimes of
the nobility, and therefore the action
cf the SociallFt leader, M. Jaures. In
challenging M. Deroulede indicates
that the chief opponents of dueling are
now resigned to accept the practice
as an established fixture.
M. Derou'.ede has written a sarcastic
tetter pointing: out the novelty of the
prC5er.ce of gendarmes in full uniform
as representing the Government's par
ticipation in the recent duel.
Sunday Sale Causes Trouble.
"AKLAXD. Dec. 10. — Robert B.
Kf-nfro and J. R. MeLuughlin. young
railway gatemen, have been arrested on
the- complaint of F. Brummond on a
c!:arge of grand larceny. They took
a sailboat out last Sunday to try it
with a view of buying it, but becoming
hvalmed they tied the boat to a pile
and when they returned the next day
:•• had been taken away. They say
lhat the man who has the boat of
,1« red to return it to them for $20, but
jjlity dij not have the money and he
>. tlT'&Avay. " " ' ~ * ~ ".'"'
Special Choir Recital.
OAKLAND. Dec. 10. — The' song re
cital to-morrow evening at the First
Presbyterian Church promises to be
unexcelled. The Harmony Quartet of
Pan Francisco and Claude Hunt, the
b^sso contar.te,' v.111 both take part.
The programme is as follows: Anthem,
"Praise the Lord." choir; . solo. "All
v«» Who Seek." Claude Hunt; solo.
The Plains of Peace," C. R. Morse;
'•Ifertpry, "The Cherubic Hosts," Har
mony* Quartet and Mr. Lloyd; anthem.
As Pants the H^art," choir.
Over and Back iu a Hurry.
The ?\v!ftest trans-Atlantic business
trip on record was that of an agent of
the Hamburg-American steamship
lin* 5 . vho reached New York on Tues
day nfter an absence of exactly twelve
days from his oflice. He went over on
the Deutschland and the man he went
to see boarded the Eleamer at , Ply
rr.o-jth, England. They had five nours
for a conference before the steamer
reached Cherbourg, where the trans-
Atlantic voyager stepped to the deck
of the Kronprinz Wilhelm without go-
Ing ashore and immediately sailed
for New Ybrk. — Hartford Times.
MARRIAOE LI CENSES.— Oakland. Dee. 10.
The following ra*rTi»ee licenses were Issued
by the Countr Clerk to -day: Frederick L.
Handler, over 21. and Louise Iloesch, over 18.
both of Alameda: Manuel L. Parelra.. 22. and
Mary Borg**, 19 both of Alden; Arthur J.
McGCl, 32. Eunol. and Emma Jenkins. 21. San
Francisco; Albert E. Peterson. 28 and EdJlh
M. Lane, 1». both of Oakland: Manuel O. Dlas
over 21. and Louis* D. Andrade, over 16. both
of Cer.tM-vill*.
GRAPjK-NUTSL
"MAXNA."
Tlic Old Biblical Term Suggests Good
Food.
Such remarkable changes can be
brougrht about by food properly se-
lected that the best physicians now
look to the rearrangement of a per-
son's diet as one of the most impor-
tant things.
. A. member of the Clinic Publishing
Co., publishers of medical Journals in
Chlcaffo. writes as follows,, and says
thai he does not object to our using
his name publicly.
"I wish to state a few facts which
will show you why there is and ever
will b« in my heart a most grateful
appreciation of Grape-Xuts as a life-
giving., nerve - strengthening and
liealth-renorlng food.
My eldest son, William R., was
taken with a severe attack of scarlet
fever. This left him in a state of
uuch utter collapse and prostration of
nerve force and energy that he was
unable to sustain hia own weight.
"A complication of troubles fol-
lowed, the kidneys became affected,
nnd the doctors all declared his case
hopeless. \
"Naturally the stomacfywas too en-
feebled to retain or assifailate solid
food, and milk, beef tea. and the
like, soon became nauseating to him.
"Simply as an experiment a spoon-
ful of Grape-Nuts was suggested and
trlrd. Its predigested constituents
neemed to exactly suit my boy's case.
Eureka! We had indeed found IL
"'He not only retained the food, but
relished it and asked for more. From
that very day he began to mend, and
in three, weeks was convalescent.
Gradually from mere skin and bones
Will has grown ruddy, bright-eyed
and manlV, weighing. now, at 15 years
of ace. over 130 pounds.
"Can you wonder that In our fam-
ily Grape-Nuts is' considered almost
as 'Manna from Heaven?'" Wm. R.
Emery. 232 Foster St- Ravenswood,
Chicago, Il f
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
-*\ i"\\\\\\\\\\^\i\$\ ■ • — ;-^_ '- : 8Ti4^^ ' %£8& E£B& i££i MH WJ$iJ6Sf£&M\.BPj&B? '""' Sayinjr and' Doing Always'
Ililili JEb &EM m Sffi$MliW& 'WITH Ta^lt Ihe Price Cutter's
A^vD^^^-^^^^i^^^^^^^^^ c same now as they were in November, and we cannot sell them lower in January ommend the lady juller bus-
lhan we. arc •selling them now. We arc the small store and we sell with the smallest F^^ftin^iaVte^bie-Then 31^:
-T :^^^J'^%y/^% :=^^ profit The lollowihg will prove this to yov— and we have many more besides, :?♦*>
' l/ f^^^J : B^^^\. - '. - nATTC Chri^tma^ Will Re Here Hanri Mfrrnr*' " • '. patent, .ventilated, eyelets; in pink.
' h ■■■ » -■ ■ ',-•-'* •III Jlil.^- vliriJilllQj Will Dv UKrc .. iXullu I*iirroi5 blue, white, gray and black.— ,50c
•''• -^ cvirTvn i<? RTTii^-vivn Very Shortly >flk Ha*a«om^ useful and^or. c f ' m _'- •
To a Woman Who Knows and What More Could a Person A xotSvltiIfSS ik« «« some hand- /&& nJ^^> to "" 7 J^ r ' 6arlers
r«n Annrprintr finnrl Hncr WJch YOU FIND THEM IX OUR l( ™, KERCIHEFS at the CLMS-^nrv E ?i™ Are conaldered a lnckrpwa-
Uin Appreciate bOOa nOSC WlSn , JS^ STORE. v JSOi Price Cutter*. Way of \KJF if~:f?^?r * graaBe UJ/? ent. .. Wny not clTe one of
Hero Are Borne, _/dfV ThAn Oao of These j^^ PRINCESS THERESA, 18 fixlSySl Selling Them. }T cy color Bd^nlctiweVTn th« 4**&& the- Qneen's Own Hose Sup-
f LADIES' HOSE— Made SHIRT »WAIST SUITS? Inches higrh, natural blonde II •> <5$» CHILDREN'S HAND- A back, such as the Anrelus. porters and Abdominal Ro-
of Sea Island cotton; *?^W"*a% Made of Iron frame [/t7 hair, double Jointed, bisque" L&i^Si KEIICILIEF — Made of || the Qayety. Girl harvesting It duocr to yonr friends?
stainless black; doublo WSIWW • A jP aca '. — "J^ 8 - 13 * naade * ' head, opens and closes'" eyes. C5P=»* McGrath lawn; neat V an<1 i^a^y i«beL A very, i h %r-^«.N\W»t» a. drtmlar
heels and toe; extra pg^ T 11 " d0T \ b1 ?, row * *,°i natural .looking teeth, ,:• Lady and narrow hemstitched rich presentf^orth toree tlrnS / i\ v a *'. .7' wtth .n^Sf
length; medium and win- ,^5S^ fancy tailor-stitched May felt bonnet trimmed- with os- hem. 25c a dozen or. .Apiece 2^o this price ..^i . 27c shaped pad • wtta an extra
ter weight; Jersey knit. /J^^T bands from the shoul- trich feathers, white felt coat trim- T . nnr » TTATS-nKPTRrTmrn?'— ~ atrone belt attach«d.f and four
If you paid double you UJ^ der; bell sleeves, with a med with silk braid and buttons. M J^?! h . '^t^^^Jo^^m^ One NnvHfv Frntn Htfr ' ' straps of French • lisle elaa^c also
would not gel better values than , , tailor-stitched cuff. Skirt fancy atrlped dress, also undercloth- d J °' B^ *% er t^ y "{^ f« w hem V " D ® "^Uy^rrOm OVT velvet grip but ton 8 ?^. n °
these. Price 25c in pleated effect and stitched to ing and shoes and stockings. stitch, with a fancy lname tucK. .^. R|J)Ij On D CMr fm Cn t ter what price you^a^yoa could
r.AniFV Hft«!P fnr «tnnt n«>nl« form a yoke; also button trimmed. Vf> MTISIC O R PREMIUMS— • '• Eacn po -r?*** ""«" no t get a better mad© hose support-
i^Ajji tJs iiL/atj ior stout people •d»«»« j»o ka • zi\j siuoivj un x ivauu.uaus— . T , n ,p C , tthtm/ .■■r.j ».<■■;■ ii The up-to-date woman xefn an- «» *\*af\ fM« Tn nfnk. blurred and,
Made of English thread; stainless ; Pric « 9°- 50 That profit we don't have to add on MadPJPaheer^SS^SStS^d P*^ate ; iUwhen S? Ses fi hlaS Pr c e ,^5?25c
finish kind, which Is velvet feeling appreciate form improvers. &fa\} Wn,,- there u ln anv - clennes lace edge lOc A fl 25 IjAD1JJ> .^^^.Jf^g-Tr^IT
.. .^ ' -»_, rn,i II--. i, n -.. / Es£.*Mfir 1 nan mere is in any r.^nrEvf xx a "vrttex^at 'uil'ik : *»•«• alaue Oi satin uuiSQCU un.itiicu
on the foot. Price BOc Here is one. / &KjT '••■other made Made ' of " 'J&L >t I^I^s»,. ££5P¥f^ T CUSHIOX RIBBON— Four inches elastic gilt clasps and satin- ribbon
OIILDREN'S HOSE— Made of THE CELEBRATED Ztffl 2,w oo ? Shetland floss- t Mad » v f " S - ° i ih ? tJT ? a . wide; made of extra heavy satin; bow in blackl orange, pink and
French lisle thread. Btalnless black; NEMO SELF-REDUCING— flf * n ~ w ° o1 Sh v f"^ 0^' amall hand-made initial. Price. ; _. shaded from the lightest to dark bSS' Prtca .~JvZ?*.~i ..25c'
high spliced heel and toe; Jersey Made of French coutll, alum- * - hand crocheted shell- -<asfew. • 1UO colors, such as yellow, green, brown ' •
knit; silk finish; all sizes 25c inoid boning; they meet and answer pattern; in all white, &$£&££& GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS — or tan. Price 23c Infant*' MfttcnS
individual tastes. Lace and ribbon blue and white and pink 6X*mV"E2£» Made of double twisted white lawn; llliailia i ""*", ' , '
Arc You Going to Give Lenthcr tr [Z «j -dium^ bust. { : «en.rougj HH We Arc Provd o! This kn M t a e d d e SpfcSrt f SS,
Goods for Holiday Presents compels a woman to walk correct- maae# « IM '-» 1<W six for ..5Oc Neckwear ■"*• Prlc ™ 19Q
Or Do You Need Any? Here Is Some J>'- «J ' ves a straJght-front effect and I __,_-___ .■- — I , I For the stylo and tor the low price. Coat and Wrap Hangers
That Will Surelv Please You for ™ i " t * ry S.^*' Fitted and war- ONF-HOIJR SAT F MATS M/\TTr» CATT3 If you are ln need of any or intend „_-_ of -j,,^ w0^ -—a
Your Little or li& Friends. rante «- **<* 91.50 UNi>ilUVH. 3ALC ONE-HOUR SALE gj 1 , 11^ 0 " 6 J^Sg? W* « .^SetdyTo cTverT Eachf^c
B C I^liad^ X of /**% SUk Waists for Holiday 9 l^S^a^^Sxml between the hours op SJct^cS. v y a o iues advan > e to In " . .... - % a^,^ t<™
Kangaroo skin; W \ Pre^enN PUT OX SALE 10 AND 11 O'CLOCK WE WILL PRINCESS T1NELU COLLAR Little OneS Appreciate TOyS \
nearsilk lined; steel Jf_ J? _L "if „ T^_ c . V^kX^V^^v\ 500 LADIFS' PUT ON SALE nnd TAB— Made of imported organ- But the little ones and
fram* with patent I5LT AT BARGAIN PRICES — S&EstoSsbI iwnrnvr' _, 087 yards of RIB- &Y. tailor etltched, hand-made silk their mothrrs wUl more
cla?ps; extra long c2^^^5S3a?k Mad " of extra hea<l "y Japanese silk, K^^Sre^ Made nf IWhiii E$53j9S«3gRl BON, made of all embroidered dots; extra long double /jSfes than appreciate these,
leather handle; ln W^^W'E^ n^' be J 1 sI l e \ e> tucked cuffs «Tid pTW^ nearailS dwS sllk taffeta, satin tabs; square shaped. Price.... 25c Jf-j? BOYS' FERRIS WAIST
tan. brown. . black. K^j^Pp 'nH^^JVi .n^^fh 1 lf//l\j ac?oldlon , plS Iffi^Kll d ° ttCd> copdcd LADIES' OVERCOLL,\RS — In VVv, —With garter attached
Price -'oo «aaaaaaft>«i^ «pd a wide silk embroidered box W / VJ VA rd flouiice, fin- edse « sash rtbbOn the new Bu3ter Brown shape.' In a /%fi\ —Made of imported cou-
I^VDIKS' BAG— Made of genuine P ie -*"- " Ice tf.s.-& feW^JgS^I islicd with a nif- W/ ' 1 V \\ wldtl1 °_f flve white washable dimity, in flower I A\1A\\t til. with ten tailor stitched
monkey skin. 10 inches long; moire ANOTHER — Made of the same KSjSfcfogsi flc, also dust ruf- 5^L^JL4JJ 'nches wide, In and leaf designs; silk embroidered; I \\\5*H.l folds, patent washable tape
lined- highly polished gilt frame, material as above, tucked front and " He; worth nioro white, pink, double buttonholes' to run ribbon VNifp^' buttons, also extra straps
with patent clasps; double apart- trimmed with French knots of silk than double' this price. ... .35c f m*M«*Vi maize, tnode, or ties through. Price.... lOc \* of elasUc to attach the un-
ments. with purse to match; all thread. Price $3.25 In Black Onlv i t, 6 ' 5 ? a • THE GRETCHEX LACE-TIE— derwear to; adjustable shoulder
hand-sewed, with an extra strong -V „ . :" ■*: ilr __. nn lemon. Hour price. .<$c a yard Made of Point lace. 6 inches wide straps. For freedom and erect car-
braided handle; in brown, tan and Take NotCI- Wmhnn* or mall hL™ flii^ None sold to the trade; no and a yard and a half long; in rich riage there is nothing to equal these
black. Instead of 51.50, at the Price t \^ lt _., r - . . "', p ,"™ c or miul : o «»ers nued telephone or mail orders filled flower designs, such as marguerites for \ . f . . ...BOc
Cutter's §1.00 URlV/W l * y ? u f *™ rt^,» tr any U ; on these. and forget-me-nots. Nothing newer Hwlfh Df«rrvpr<! nr W^rm
w , , \f|yj£» Glmc.s for the holidays. I oi richer made than these. Price Ileaiin FrCSCrVerS Or Warm
No Wraps-or Coats Needed TJM7 ■ K 2$£&£ g % n £ a aa1 ijSZ Cold Weather Comforts - . C4 A •••••- 7Sc Underwear
When YOU Wear ThCSC Ug? They are worn now more CHILD'S GOWNS— Made of Cln- WCCIOVS MOnCS ATC j_ t |> ccc | vcd hv Lfl5t Nfrfht\ At Y °, U Be Pleaaed to
eWf"jf S?"^?' COVERS- clasp,, s'lk stitched back In eray. 6 "J 7 ™S 95c values, mS?k e d to comfort. . Km ' nASt%MBS v.r£ H""BE"fl lum weight. Pants to match. m»d^
£%&$¥ ™, ,» e ;? e hi,r^ mode, black and white. Price.. BOc clo j e . . . '. . . . . ??, oS Made of all Swiss wool. .^ » ■ ?, A ™ aUan w«5?? iWBWS « •»' (.ally f a b»ve ln.pw
•s«s-a ra _, &a£stS5 8B11I1
DsVthVn'c Tnfnntc' V»<t< ""* "PRESEXTS-^Made of Heavy Unen. MBltc-AccepIIttte.aiUriaciaiTHOIC ■ heavy cord and tassel, tx- ./A \, Price... '......??. 25« ™' m » ke; no b " ter ottbl K or
-KSVDCnS lulul.li VCSli elaborately embroidered in corored ; , 'day Presents. . M-V tra -wide skirt and finished *%J/- Jr side COMB— Vail* t,t inrtni B « wearing -garment than these; hl{rh
Tlic Talk of the Honr. silk. Prlc iiSc BCKEAU SCARF— 54 Inches ioni with double stitched seams; fas^m; , he i,, smooth „,,-„_ JhcJ.. ""sMc "«<=" an , a . 1 ?"Lf, le ' !v i"L, m *l' °,' !»
AU T U,« .*f* . 1 and JO.nch^^ wide: mad o (fl «., the neck with ««*««-«». _ - ■ ■ ■ • n) \ r tc <: h e , nt a^"SL 1 n ' s " th "°a^. P F??nc t h O
j, i EfE»tl£'a W\ . IB g- HUoCNDcHb i-ussi? --.ssaJs- s&£i 4 pm cushion m-the New , gig- nUoENDcnb £3?x!rfr
/nirnim Vi i»u „„„», o _j L ? _ Oil I h H i '..-..■-•• Tj r i f* r* * ii|p w9nr — 1 9 3 h « uiaKC * Hie Kino inH t Tviii not im«
•£^- rt £?£.™ C I?--1S.-ltV;» WWa=1 THE PRICE CUTTER W ShflpC ..- U U L THE PRICE CUTtER «| .^ ; mo*^jj-UjjjyteJJgh
U^2&r I S? I1 KS^. a «^Sr 816 Market St. ' II O'Farrell St. Re^ 1^ %£» e Sffi | ?e L r?e V cf^e CI c^,r^in <^ 816 Market St. II O'Farrell St. £S? 1 g^» m^SS«S5? l fcirff
holes. Small or medium sizes 25c: maii. okdebs SOI.ICITEI>. buy the braid for what we^ell A silk satin. In red, pink, maxi. 0EDEI3 SOLICITED. here is an extra good garment for
KEEN DEMUD FOB FBOPEflTIES.
Continued From Page 34, Column 7.
to Mrs. M. Bankonski for about 52S^>00.
Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co.' were the
brokers for the sale of the northeast
corner of Green and Battery streets,
for Mrs. Mary C. Bishop to W. P. Ful
ler & Co. for 5112,500. The sale has Just
been recorded.
Paul Girsh has sold to JoElah R.
Howell of Baldwin & Howell the south
east corner of Walnut and Sacramento
streets, 37:6x100 feet with two stores
and three flats, for 516,000.
Frederic K. Houston has bought the
22x75 feet on the south line erf Sutter
street, £8 feet west of Grant avenue,
with three-story .building for 5U.000.
The Stanford residence at Palo Alto
will be enlarged and improved, on plans
of Henry Shermund. at a cost of 535,000.
Since the original plans were pre
pared. It has been determined to make
the telephone building on Bush street,
east of Montgomery, ten stories high
instead of eight. The cost of the struc
ture will be 5125,000.
The sale of the Sequoia Hotel to Mrs.
Emily S. Karns from Harvey H. Dana
has been recorded. The consideration
was 5212,500.
R. V. Kennedy has Joined the firm
of Ryland & McNevin at 205 Montgom
ery street.
A three-story and basement flat
structure will be erected on the west
line of Julian . avenue, ■ 50 feet south
of Fourteenth street, to cost 514,000.
The following sales are reported by
the William Cranston Company: - 30x
110 feet, on the east line of Shrader,
57:6 north of Hayes, to B. G. Tognozzl;
lot 25x100 on the Eouth line of Golden
Gate avemie, &6:3 east of Central av
enue, to James H. Thrane. and lot 26x
137:6 on the north line of Waller street,
106:3 west of Masonic avenue, to Emma
H. Loudon.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. are remod
eling and extensively improving their
oflice premises in the Mills building. To
keep up with' business they have re
cently added three office clerks to their
force.
A NEW SUBDIVISION.
The announcement is made by Lyon
& Hoag that they will handle the new
subdivision at Burllngame. The prop
erty is owned by the Burllngame Land
Company. It. comprises the large area
lying between the Southern Pacific
Railway and . electric car. line and the
county road. The property contains 150
lots, the most not less than 100 by 140
feet. The streets have been graded,
sewered ■ and macadamized and water
mains have been laid. Twelve or fif
teen houses have been erected on the
tract. They are of such a character as
to add to the appearance of the tract.
The property is prettily laid out in
winding roads and shade trees have
been planted along the same. Lots will
be sold on easy terms.,- The demand in
this vicinity is very - strong, owing to
the extension of • the electric car line
and • the beginning of work on the
Southern Pacific cut-off.' The agents
expect to make a rapid- sale of the lots.
Through their country department,
Boardman Brothers & Co. have made
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", "SUNDAY** DECEMBER 11, 190£
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
the following sales: f In the Bosqul
tract, which they are subdividing In
Ross Valley— To W. J. Simpson, who
will build a handsome residence., lot
fronting on the county road, containing
close to an acre, for 51750; to P. H.
Schafer, lots 12 and 13 for $750; to C.
A. Riese lot 14 for 5650; to George C.
Alferitz lot 15 for $650; to Kate S.
Murray, lot 16 for 5650; to George H.
'Lux. lot 17 for J675; to Dr. Thomas U.
Smyth, lots 33 and 34 for 51725, and lot
47 for 5775; to A. R. Wooster. lots 44
and 45 for 51575; to John E. Wooster,
lot 46 for 5T25; in the Sunnyside Tract,
near San Anselmo, lots 5 and 6 to M.
Butler for 5650; in Belvedere,, lot 1,
block 49, to L.' H. Kohn for 52850; In the
Warburton Tract. Sausallto, lot No. 7
to G. E. Wright for 51240; In Lake
County, 800 acres for A. M. Craig for
5S000; in Oakland, for John Alexander,
southwest corner of Sixteenth and
Union, 115x50 feet with 8-room house
for 54900. :-:,. ".>
Additional salea by Landgrebe, Mc-
Nevin & Jones are as follows: For
511.750 the three fiats, Nos. 484-86-88
Frederick street, east of Stanyan; for
Samuel Glass to Samuel Axelrod, lot
25x125 feet; for the Abraham
estate, • lots 8 and 4, block 4,
ADVERHSEMENTS.
Uricsol,
the only cure for
Rheumatism.
If you er,e suffering from rheuma-
tism there is a chance for yon to be-
come absolutely cured. You may
cure yourself and do it quickly if you
will lay aside your prejudice and
skepticism. .
Every San Francisco druggist sells
Uricsol, the well-known remedy, ■ and
we hereby authorize them to guaran-
tee a cure.
Uricsol cures rheumatism in the only
possible way it can be cured.
Uric Acid and Urates are the cause
of Rheumatism. These- are deposited
in the tissues, blood vessels and joints
of the body;
These deposits must be -'dissolved
and eliminated from the system be-
fore a cure can be accomplished. ■— \-
Uricsoi is a solvent of these and
tones up the system, the
kidneys, liver, ;.ndbowel& and thus
drives them from the system. .
Uricsol is harmless, and" no injuri-
ous results can possibly come to any
part of your body.:
Write us to-day for booklet con-
taining recommended diet for rheu-
matics.
URICSOL CHEMICAL CO.,
• • Los; Angeles,. CaL
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
Market Street Homestead Asso
ciation; lots, 4 and 11, in block 19,
same, to Anna D. Joost, on private
terms; for Hattie B. Steele, the south
east corner of Montana' and Plymouth
streets, 100x125 feet to Anna D.\ Joost,
on private terms.
The Conscientious Murderer.
It. was fine sense of the conscien
tious that led the Rhode Island mur
derer accused of killing a woman
with an ax to plead "not guilty with
the ax" and afterward to confess that
he had done the deed with a club.
Though he had committed murder he
could not stoop to the telling of a lie.
— New York Press.
A lovers' quarrel often serves to
break the monotony of happiness.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
As the building has, been leased. In
consequence our ; entire stock of Fine
Fur Garments, Boas. Muffs, etc., musi
be reduced .within 20 days.
Genuine Mink Stoles and Fbur-ln-
Hands. $1 ."> up.
Neck Boas, S3 up. .
Remodeling, Repairing and Dyeing
at short notice at nominal prices. '.-
Repairing j^w£*2\
RE ff! ng A^^m,
anlDyelBg l^u ■%&[
Fur Garments Jw.f8«C^>!^J
atsiiort
Notice at\ U WT ,_7
MolmterWei / x s32^5^ ;
, Upstairs.. Rooms 7. to 11, between
Kearny street and Grant avenue.';* Our
new quarters to be announced soon.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
WEALTHIEST MEXICAN t
IS GEXERAIi TERRAZAS
Owner of Twenty Million Acres Will
Make Extended Visit to United
-'- -~\ r--w. • 'States.
The wealthiest man In Mexico and
one of the wealthiest on the Ameri
can continent is General ' Luis Ter
razas, Governor of the state of Chi
huahua, which borders on the western
and southwestern parts of Texas. He
has Just been granted a four months'
leave of absence, and it is said that
he will make an extended visit to the
United States.
v The wealth of General Terrazas is
conservatively estimated. at 5150,000,
000 in gold, but It may be many mil
lions in excess ;,of that amount. Some
of those who. are in close touch with
his business and financial affairs . say
that 5200,000,000 Is nearer the correct
amount of his fortune." .
."General TerrazAs is; probably the
largest individual wand-owner in the
world. He owns in fee simple ap
proximately 20,000,000 acres* of land,
which is divided into fifteen haciendas
or ranches. No one, not even the gen
eral himself, knows the number of
cattle, he owns,' but it is roughly esti
mated that his herds
1.000,000 head, of which about 200,
000 are cows." He- also owns several
hundred thousand head of horses and
mules. ;"-•}'
1 An army j of, more than ten thou
sand men is kept constantly employed
on these ranches, and towns of several
thousand, population are .situated on
the lands. The ranches are well
-fencod.and one thousand boundary or
"fence-line" riders are kept constantly
employed,
■The land. and livestock holdings of
General, Terrazas form a comparative
ly small .part , of . his wealth. He
owns' more than five thousand resi
dences in the/city of Chihuahua, from
which he derives an enormous annual
rental. . He owns a" controlling interest
in all of the banks - and other finan
cial Institutions of the state of Chi
huahua, and has many million dollars
invested In manufacturing concerns in
that state.
Comparative Financial Stamina.
Russia may ' have greater 'financial
resources . than Japan, but she has
the greater , debt . France is plainly
weary of advancing '. money, and Ger
many is not likely to float, more than
'one,- loan. The r fact, that the war is
costing f Russia' $4 5, 000, 000^per month
while Japan is spending only" . one
third ; as much offsets Russia's * better
credit. .Moreover, Japan Js spending
70 per cent of her war funds at home,
while Russia Is spending nearly 70
' per J centvof < hers . abroad... . is v •. a
factor which" will tell "if is
prolonged., 1 During the year, so little
has - : the f war disturbed Japan's regu-
JOB ROSENBERG'S.
lar industry, that Japanese foreign
trade has Increased 20,000,000 yen.
Japanese clearing-house returns show
an Increase of 68,000,000 yen,, postal
savings bank deposits ah increase of
4.000,000 yen. — New York Evening
Post.
Vast Exports of Manufactures.
It cannot be said that we are a pas
toral people. For the first time in th«
history . of the .country the value of
United States exports of manufactured
goods has this year exceeded that of
agricultural products. For a long
time America has been regarded as
the granary of the world, a vast
. Parlor floods-
Never, have we had so large a H^p^^^n^^^.
stock of beautiful suits and • odd . 3}
- pieces for the- parlor as we have at \ %^{f^^T"IM
present. Before making your se- j^lijffiV'I P^S\
lections for- Qiristmas come in and,. : \(T*^^\^
look these over. You will find an (dJ .
endless variety of chairs and rock- * /8fcSK£5&iV >% >
ers in rich, snappy designs, any l $Sfe5V ]
. one. of which you will be proud to \ $MjKi j
make a present of. Select now > v
and have delivered any time. Our . rfe^S^^fer^
low prices are accounted for from jfeyffljffiffiyy
the fact of our having ' no rent to Jp^^fl
: 7XlOlDESTji]fDMffi
1Q17-/O23 MISSION JT. ABOV£ SIXTH
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
farm with storehouses attached on
which the artisans of Europe might
draw Indefinitely. .Europe was mak
ing things white, we were raisins
things. It Is significant that in, 1904
the United States has excelled la man
ufactures her previous efforts in food
producing. We are to-day making
more things to sell than we are raising
to sell. Vast as Is the exportation of
grain, cotton and meats, manufactured
goods have mounted to the first place.
— Detroit Tribune.
One thing about an Idle woman:
she does not stand on the street and
bore people with her "views/* as ■ an
idle man does.
3536
AD\"ERTISKaiENTS.
20 POST STREET. BELOW KEARNY, S. F.
SALE of KNIT GOODS
We Operate The Largest Knltti ng Mill In the West
y.ATirrK' KAJTD-CBOOKSTED SI.IPPITB8—
All colors; regular $1.00. Special, per pair gQg
Z.ADIES' RIBBED MESH WUfTEK "UKDEBWIJAIl —
Shirts; regular price $1.75; the doctor recommends Cf ?C
them against colds. Special .p*.aw
BXX.K ABU WOOL TESTS —
High neck and long sleeves; pants to match; beautiful soft
varn. cream white; very durable; regular price 52.00. C| «
Special Ji.OJ
SWISS EIBBED WOOL VESTS — '
High neck, long sleeves; pants to match; perfect Cf fC
goods; won't shrink; regular $1.50. Special •?*.*•*
SAUTE OB USU: SWISS EIBBED VESTS —
Pants to match; vety serviceable; regular price Cf yn
J1.76. Special JaUCV
Same material, heavier weight; regular J2.50 $1.45
■UISTON ST7TTS. S1I.K A.TSTD WOOIr—' '- '
High neck, long sleeves; cream white only; no finer C£ QC
garment made; resular 54.00. Special tffa.^^
BIBBED MESBC XTN1ON SUITS— ■ .^ #if ltl
Winter weights; regular value J7.B0 and $6.60: we -will not
knit these suits to order at sale price. Special.... J3^QQ
LADIES' BBAWEES —
■Winter weight: clean, soft wool; strongly made; reg- Qft^,
ular prioe $2.00, $1.60. Special 7Vfc
LADIES 1 I.ISI.E aOSlEBT —
Hermsdorf dye; silk embroidered, neatest patterns; Cf IJf)
full 50c value. Special, 3 pairs for + ItVW
CORSET COTEES —
Swiss ribbed; won't shrink; very durable; regular Cf fC
$1.50. Special *i.W
ZtADXES' H.H1TTED SWEATERS —
We manufacture a most beautiful Hne in every style or color;
they are built like a shirt waist; very natty and will give you
solid comfort for winter wear.
Regular $S.OO $7.50. $6.50 values. Special R4.oO
Regular $6.00," 15.50 and $5.(0 values. Special $3^75
Regular $4.00 and $3.50 values. Special 82. 5O
Regular $2.50 values. Special &1.O5
LADIES' QOLF TESTS
Regular price $4A>0. $3.50, $3.00. Special Sl.OO
ME3TS CARDIGAN JACKETS—
Pure wool; very durable; a very suitable Xmas girt.
Regular $5X0. Special... Regular $3.50. Special...
S4.C5 *2.50
Regular $4.50. Special... Regular $2.50. Special...
*3.75 92.10
SOTS' SWEATERS-
All our own makes; strong: and durable; pure wooL
Regular values $1.25. $1.50. Special 7«*»c
Regular values $1.75. $2.00 and $2.25. Special 91.35
Regular values, $2.50, $3.00. Special 91.75
Men's Sweaters, Jerseys,
MEN'S UNDERWEAR.
JttCTT TO X"IT — In Silk, Wool. Irish Linen Lisle and Ramie,
at lower prices than you pay for poorly constructed, ill-fit-
ting, ready-made garments. Try us.
MILLS — Latrnaa. Ivy Avenue and Grove Street. S. 7.
20 POST STREET, BELOW KEARNY, S. F.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
Falls Forty-Five Feet.
J. H. Carpenter, a laborer employed
at Scott & Magner's hay and grain
store, 44 9 Berry street, fell forty- five
feet yesterday, sustaining a fracture
of the left arm and narrowly escaping
death. He was on top of the building
adjusting the rigging of a shear and
tackle when he lost his balance and
fell to the street. He was removed in
the company's buggy to the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. C. F. Millar
eet the broken limb. The injured man
was then removed to his home at 17%
Boardman place.
National Union Installation.
For the first time in the history of
the National Union, which has been
In existence in this city more than
twenty years, the officers of California
Council No. 530 will be installed in
public. This will be in Native Sons'
Hall on the night of January 3 under
the direction of a committee directed
r*y E. C. Ker. speaker of the council.
The ceremony of installation will be
followed by a ball.
WORLDS FAIR ST. LOUIS 19O4
M?§g&^iB& UKIVERSAL EXPO1ITION. 3T. LOUIS-ijch. '
Jf&Jj^-'-zTt^ZSZpi. Pursuint to the P.ulct and Retulation* governing the System <•>( -jjapfe '^^. Tl^
Awards, {ornul public »nnounceraent ii hereby rnide that »_ Pi^D. ME^)AL.
■iro fV\^v>,|i\^'S^« by the ExDomion Compir.y at soon as ready for delivery. IwSWWW/^7ZAa\
§1§ S^ii-or> Mauzy JH
I ikcemdllighestJkv^
I T^ctor^aDd^V^iTeFOpMiS
If ODFN E\/F"NfNCS LJISITII YM A Q
fl _^ . ',- . - ■ . - - • ■ '" ;■■/••• - - ■ •". • ■. ..'".■ . *" ■"■'.. '■'■''
Indian Music Ills Study.
Arthur Farwell, the composer, who
is championing the cause of Ameri
can (and especially of Indian) music,
is in the city. His compositions on
Indian melodies have attracted much
attention and caused widespread dis
cussion. An opportunity to hear him
will be afforded at his concert at
Lyric Hall. Professor Carlos Trayer
will also be heard in his striking: Zunl
Indian music. Mr. Farwell will be
assisted by Miss Hulda Anderson, Miss
Helen Heath and Frederick Maurer.
Fake Report of Suicide.
Carl Merket, a good looking young
bartender at the Press saloon, 15
Third street, was very much surprised
yesterday on being informed that Cor
oner Leland had received a letter
through the mail reporting that Mer
ket's body would be found In Golden
Gate Park. The anonymous writer
added that there was a woman in the
case. Merket's picture was inclosed.
Merket denies all knowledge of the
note or its author.
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
WARBLES SONG FROM "CARMEN"
AS SHE WALLOPS CARPET.
DOLORES PAINA ROUSES
DUST AND PROTEST.
Edwin Bell Objects to Thuds and Is Arrested
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Chanting the bullfighters' chorus
from "Carmen" and walloping a car
pet in perfect rhythm with the rous
ing measure, Senora Dolores Patna
freighted the atmosphere aback of her
cottage 527% Vallejo street, with mel
ody and dust. One of her next door
neighbors, Edwin Bell by name, rel
ished the vocalism, but protested
against an accompaniment that cov
ered his household furniture and
filled the lunga of his family with fine
powder. Across the dividing fence he
addressed mild remonstrance to the
lady.
"Your warbling is all right," he
said; "indeed I have paid money and
fared worse. But that time beating
with the broomstick I consider both
inharmonious and unnecessary, as the
tune has sufficient swing to carry it
self without the aid of thuds. Just
cut out the carpet smiting and see
how much better the effect would be."
"Toe-ree-a-dore, toe-a-ree-a-dore,
la-lum, la-la-lum. la-la-lum-lee!" sang
Senora Paina, raising her tone pitch,
thumping the carpet with increased
vigor and absolutely ignoring both
critic and criticism.
Mr. Bell repeated his request in
voice of pronounced acidity, but the
iady pursued her vocal • and physical
exercise as If he were not. Then he
abandoned suasion and resorted to. in
timidation, but not until his language
became thickly larded with profanity
did she look up and take notice. She
abruptly ceased both singing • and
clouting the carpet long enough to
convince herself that his utterances
were really abusive, and then she had
him arrested for disturbing her peace.
The case had a brief inning yester
day before Police Judge Mogan and
much testimony is expected to be ven
tilated at the next hearing, set for
December 15.
With a view of turning an honest
penny toward himself while the em
bargo on gambling in Chinatown con
tinues, Ah Quong purchased a sec
ond-hand nickel-in-the-slot machine
and quietly informed his speculatively
inclined friends that he was ready
for business and proposed to pay his
losings with cash instead of cigars.
One of the vigilant members of the
recently revised police squad ferreted
out the gan\e, captured the machine
and arrested Ah Quong, who pleaded
ignorance of the law before Judge Ca
banLss and was fined S10.
Joe Johnson, piano polisher: Harry
Carter, piano tuner; C. H. Roth, piano
player, and J. Burley, piano mover,
were arrested for shooting craps at
7:45 o'clock p. m. last Friday in Lick
alley. Patrolmen Prole, Berg and
Springett testified that their attention
was attracted to the game by the dis
cordant noises made by the gamesters.
Whereupon the Judge of Department
No. 1 ruled that gentlemen whose
daily vocations pertained to the piano
forte could be excused for Indulging
in relaxative discord, but must be rep
rimanded for crap shooting. Repri
mand administered accordingly.
Miss Lulu Hamilton wanted to know
why Patrolman McGrayan had arrest
ed her and merely applied verbal re
buke to the two ladles by whom she
was accompanied on Pacific street.
"The town's come to a purty pass,"
said Miss Hamilton, "when a lady
can't walk along with her friends with
out being snapped up by the first po
liceman who happens to come along
and don't happen to like her. "If he
*ays I made all the noise he's mis
taken, for 1 was telling the story and
Violet and Gladys were laughing at it;
and I'd like to know how I coula make
most of the nojse when I was busy
talking. The idea of me being pinched
and the other two being let alone Is
what rasns me." " . ,
The officer explained that no dis
crimination was intended by him. He
arrested Miss Hamilton because she
insisted in talking in loud tones after
he had repeatedly requested -her to de
sist, while her. companions stuffed their
handkerchiefs into their mouths and
abstained from laughing after his first
intimation that their silence was desir
able. Furthermore, the defendant had
been notified by him on several previ
ous occasions that she must either curb
her penchant for delivering outdoor
orations or expect to be jailed.
"Did you ever hear the like of that?"
said Miss Hamilton to Judge Mogan.
"I wasn't making no speech, but tell
ing a story to Violet and Gladys. We're
walking up-thf street, the three of us,
and I says, /Girls, I have a good one
for you. A gentleman friend of mine,"
I says, 'weilt home the other night,
and just — ' "
"Pardon me." interrupted the bench,
"but are you repeating the' story?"
"Sure. So I says 'He went home the
other — * "
"Case dismissed."
• • •
Mine. Vera France, petite and viva
cious, displayed a purple bruise under
her left eye and averred that Robert
O'Smith, dapper and defiant, willfully
did it with his clenched right fist. He
was an esteemed lodger at her maison
on Mason street, she further explain
ed, until she surprised him In surrep-
tltious endeavor to remove his tn*ik.
He owed her money, but. deprivation
of ten times .the amount would not
grieve her as did his evident destitu
tion Of gratitude.
"Ah, heaven!" she exclaimed with
elevated eyebrows, clasped hands ana
despairing shoulder shrug:, "eet . ees
not zemonee dat I care for. Bot 1 had
introduce heem to my frlendg as ze
mo-del yong man. Ah, heaven!" ' .
"And how,", inquired Judge Caban
iss, "did it corns to pass, that he
blackened your eye?" "£•■.';;
"Ah, heaven! Eet seeckens me . to
zink of dat. Ze tronk ees packed an'
he's ready to skeep when " I catches
heem. I. am ver-ay mooch surprise.
I say, 'Ah, mon garcon, you try to
skeep, oh?' Zen I jomp upon ze tronk
an* I say, 'You take heem away If you
dare.' Zen. pouf! he bump my eye!
I scream. I get ze ar-restez made. Ah,
heaven!" • . ■ .
Mr. O'Smith acknowledged the at
tempted trunk removal, but denied .the
battery. He did not Intend '■ to - elude
payment of his room rental, but he de
sired to get his personal belongings
out of Mme. France's house '/ere. he
notified her of his determination to ob
tain another abiding place. .Why? Oh,
Just because he » knew there would be
a scene when the lady was Informed
of his contemplated change of resi
dence. The fact was, if the court must
know it, his landlady had become too
tender in her attentions to him. and.
as he could not reciprocate in kind, he
felt that It was ; his duty as a man of
honor' to nee her presence. He had
lodged in her house about nine months
and throughout that period her at-.;
tachment to him waxed in Btrength
until It became an annoyance. : ' Even
when she discovered his attempt to
escape she implored him to remain
where he was, and when he sturdily
ignored the vcice of the siren she sat
upon '..his trunk and refused to move.
"While ho may have exercised a little
physical force Jn effort to s unseat . her.
anfl;'sccure his , property there '.wasffid
eye punching by him.
Then the case was dismissed.
■ . ~'. v - :■",•.-! *■•■» .■•....;•.• .-
Patrolmen Brown- and Groat testified
that each of the three Toms— Ahern,
Kern and Toomey— was as bad as
either of the two in the "matter; of *per
sltent vagabondage and fighting, al
though Toomey was - the one that al
ways performed the actual fistic work
and i received V the f counter- blows. When
the trio became laden with the cheap
claret dispensed at their favorite "wine
Joint" on lower .Commercial street
Ahem and Kern complimented Toomey
on his boxing ability until he became In
flamed with desire to prove. by practical
demonstration that -their flattery was
not unmerited, and then forth they
ROBBERS GRAB
CASH AND RUN
Three Bold Thieves Enter'
Peoria Bank in Broad Day- ;
light and Hold Up Cashier
* , '
ESCAPE IX A BUGGY
Liberal Display of Revol
vers Saves Bandits From
Capture by the Pursuers
PEORIA, 111., Dec. 10. — A daring
bank robbery was committed in the
htart of the downtown district short
ly after 1 o'clock this afternoon, when
three men wearing slouch hats en
tered the. Peoria National Bank, and,
while two of the men covered Fred
erick A. Bracken with revolvers, the
third reached through the teller's win
dow and seizing about $500 in cur
rency and silver, made his escape.
The three men dashed out of the
building after threatening those In the
bank, and. leaping into a buggy stand
ing near, lashed the horse into a run.
The streets were crowded at the time
and a large crowd was immediately in
pursuit of the men. Their progress
was impeded by a crush of drays in
the wholesale district and they were
stopped for a. moment, by the crowd,
which had received word of the rob
b*ry.
A liberal display of revolvers fright
ened the crowd back and the robbers
turned and fled in another direction.
A big crowd took up the chase, includ
ing several automobiles, whose owners
managed to keep In sight of the men.
The men traveled rapidly and gained
on the crowd. They drove to the river
bank, where they abandoned their rig
and ran down the bank and disap
peared.
Brownie Cameras for Christmas
(They work like Kodaks)
Jl.tJO. J2.00. 55.00.
Kirk, Geary & Co., 112 Geary St. •
went to find a foeman worthy of hi3
muscle and science. "When a likely
looking subject, usually belonging to
their own social set, was selected
Toomey went In to win, while Kern
seconded him and Ahern kept lookout
for the police. If the fortune of war,
however, should signal intention to
turn against Toomey. Kern invariably
punched the other fellow while they
were clinched, and thus maintained an
even balance until Toomey won out.
The second round of Toomey's latest
fight was In progress last Friday after
noon In a Barbary Goast alley when
Patrolmen Brown and Groat rushed
the guard and arrested the trio.
Toomey's opponent escaping without
his coat.
The three Toms will be sentenced for
vagrancy to-morrow by Judge Mogan.
Police Commissioner Hutton and At
torney Grant Carpenter told Judge
Fritz what they knew of gambling In
Chinatown, but their testimony was
merely" reiterative of statements re
cently made. before the body of which
Mr. Hutton is a member. The case of
the eighty-seven Chinese arrested dur
ing the memorable raid on 820 "Wash
ington street. will be argued to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j TiTe Fashionable /
J Four-in-Hand i
fSCARFS
i We have them in all the pap- 4
v ular furs at* prices within the ' 1
! C purse limits 01" everybody. A
( magnific tnt*| Christmas * assort.- „
V ment. Open Evenings. ' *
H GrayandWhitc PA Cfl A
I Squirrel 3" -I,
3 Si r:i ia^ Squ :^$6.oo:
J Japanese Mink On nn|.
V ....... .... w U i U U
- Genuine Mink Olc nn"
3 ;/.;:-, OlJiUUf
vHuclson Bay Ocn fth f
y Sable ... OOUiUUj
i ; Ermine, as il- O Q fl : fi fl '
Q lustrated/atOOUiUUC
y . and upward.
3 q . h ? d?illa :::S45.00[
■ and upward, i
J Mail Orders- Promptly. F.hed. "
X (liver.) -
J The Largest Excusiv? Fur , ■
J ...House in the World...
I J 1 33- 1 39 PostVSfc.; S. F. V
ADVERTISEMENTS.
II I V OF w&^P *\^? A 8^ I
Dry Goods "^^^^^ Company.
CHRISTMAS!
...ACCEPTABLE AND USEFUL FOR LADIES... |
REAL ARMENIAN LACE HANDKERCHIEFS, cn^ A $1 '7C
exclusive, each '< «WC W Quid
CALIFORNIA POPPY INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS, hand rft-
embroidered and hand hemstitched, exclusive, each dut
INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS, hand hemstitched and hand cn r
embroidered, each 3"^
SHEER LINEN INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS, half dozen in a
llH! $1.00, $1.50, $2.00 and $3.00
EMBROIDERED LINEN HAND- nr^ r ft ' nr n nnA frt nn
KERCHIEFS, each .... Z5C, 5UC, 13C 300 $1.00
FRENCH ERBROIDERED HANDKER- r* .. rt 4 d» t r nn
CHIEFS, each 50C Up 10 $15.00
SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, % to i(\ n M ifk Q7 aa
J A inch hem, each IOC Dp 10 JZ.UU
""■iS^!™ 11^ $1.00 ea. up to $75.00
NOVELTIES JUST OPENED
Newest Ideas in Parisian Fans Real Lace Stocks
Hand Embroidered Collars and Jets
Neckwear Novelties Real Lace Berthas
Feather Boas Novelty Ruffs Parisian Lace Veils
Handkerchief Plaited and Embroidered Sheer ff|
Batiste Jabots. Special each, at tphZ3
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Ccary and Stockton Streets, Union Sonars-
ADVKRTisioii:>rra.
UNITED STATES ERANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LIVERPOOL AKD LONDON
v AND GLOBE
ISORAKCE COMPAHY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 51st
day of December. A. D.. 19C3. and for th«»
year 'endlnc on that day, as made to tha In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, oursuant to the provisions cf Sections
t>10 and till of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,866,013 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 3.4U3.730 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 3,767.40c 23
Cash in Company's Office 8.5S0 42
Cn»h In Banks • 1.308,352 «tt
Interest due and accrued oa
Bonds and Moitijages 45,405 O5
Premiums in due Cour»« of Col-
lection 1.543.&4S W
Rents due and accrued 10.000 00
Due from other Companies for r«- i
Insurance oa losses already paid 2.331 02
Total Asseti $12.056.9tg 3U
LIABILITIES. " "~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $24 10
?n IB *E52T • • . A - dJ . U . 8 . t^ n . t 603.936 34
££££&£ «& <»
Grow premiums on Fire Rlgki
running one year or less^ »3,-
010.282 40: reinsurance 50 per
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
runnins mon than one year.
$3.163.7S3 65; reinsurance pro
CcmmisVlo'ns"Rnd''Brokeraee' due "' '
and tn bMome due 225,360 23
Due and to become due for Re-
turn Premiums and Reinaur-
moun t reclalmable by insured
on perpetual lire policies 27S.32T, SO
All other Liabilities 70.720 76
Total Liabilities ?B.S06,376 13
INCOME.
Uet ca*n actually' received for
Fire premiums $0,857,553 71
Rrcclved for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 130.140 64
Received for Sntereyt and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources.... 153.519 M
Received for Rents 06.441 63
'Total income.: S7.23a.634 10
— =
> ' EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flre.Losies
(including WHS..133 23. losses
of previous years) $3,476,813 10
Paid or allowed for Commission
or BrokeraRe 1.129.S75 76
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chargres for officers, clerks, etc 377.131 05
Paid for State. National and
Local taxes 174.200 74
All other payments and expendi-
tures 4U903 11
Total Expenditure* $3.3U2.0Jd Trt
- Fire.
Loses Incurred' during the year. .S3.CO.1.S3S 13
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .
• written during the
year :.... $003.3S4.S01 $10,532.180 73
Net amount of Risks /
expired durins ths
year -V. SS3.7C5.407 O.15S.6S1 41
Net amount 'n force
December ."U. l!>03. P3S.5.".at2 10.174.006 05
•••■ - -* HENRY -W. EATON. U. S. Manager.
'Subscribed and * worn to before me, this
8Ui day of February.- 1IXM. • ,
W. II. WILDET. Notary Public.
County cf 'vVettcheiter. N. T.
PACIFIC ■ DKPARTMENT:
422 California Street. SIN FRANCISCO
CHARLE3 D. HAVEN, BesiHentSec'y.
C MiSON KiNKE, Assistant SeCy.
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
TRANSATLANTIC
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. IN* GERMANY. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D.. 1903. and tor
the year ending en that day, as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
010 and Oil of the Political Coda, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
«nd Bonds owned by Company 1123,660 00
Cash in Company' n Offlce 3U3 ~2
Cash in Banks 2S.509 Uti
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3.S47 47
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion SI. 701 87
BUls receivable, rot Matured, taken
for F»re and Marine KUks 1.0S7 00
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 173 03
Certificate of Deposit In band9 of
United State* Trustees :. 100,500 Ot
Total Assets $642,070 83
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2.090 72
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 6,147 00
Locses resisted including expenses. 8.5i s Ul
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, £MMt2 01;
reinsurance 30 per cent 122,23145
Grcss Dremiums on Fire Risks run-
ning jiore than one year. $20<J.-
476 06: reinsurance pro rata 117, COS 3D
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 10.913 33
Return 1'remlums and Reinsurance
Premiums 7,671 73
Total Liabilities $2S3.I77 SO
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums (317.614 03
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bond*. Stocks. Loans, and from
all othei sources 13.702 75
Remitted from Home Ortlce 2C.074 53
Total Income $3iS.3Sl 53
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount raid for Fire Losses
( including , $1«.^31 44. losses of '
previous years) $177 737 S2
Paid «t allowed for Commission or "
Erokerase sc S08 la
Paid for Salaries. Fess and other '
changes for officers, clerks, etc.. •*! 010 Kn
Paid for State, National, and Local '
tajtes ..•••••-•••........... 40** S3
All other payments and espendl-
ture " " 10.2IS OH
Total Expenditures ."$309.3-1 i'S
Losses Incurred during the year Sm.'lua 96
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. | Premiums.'
Net amount of Risks ■ ,
written during the
expired during the
..y car 23.300.382 3C3 363 27
Net amount in force! <*»..»»» -«
December 31. lQou. . j^ SO.782.O0C 4^0.0.^ 87
R ,k£?£L H L^ )EB - Un!ted stat « Manager.
daforFebrla 8^. %cT tl> M ° T * ™- thU Stl>
Pacific Department Established 1372.
:y:c. DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H. DASKER, A:sl Maa?g3r.
221 SANS0ME ST.,
€an Francisco, Cal., ;
Tecphon . 581/ Main.
(^ "PAT FNT^
330 MARKET ST. SJ.XS^L test importations of Attractive Articles
Suitable for
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS
Hand Bags &A»~ $ 1 .50
The stock of these goods is well selected and the
prices are reasonable. Included in the line are a great
number of Sample Bags of the latest cut, which will
be on sale at much Less than Regular Price.
Holiday Leather Novelties
This line is too extensive to permit of a detailed
description. Many useful and attractive articles are
shown from $1.50 to $3.50, and others at prices /*r
Considerably Lower, including Work Boxes
from Vtf\0
■ French Fans — New Spangled Effects from $1-75 ;
Hand Painted from $350; Real Duchesse Lace from
$12-50.
Handkerchiefs
for men and women in a most complete variety of styles,
including some very attractive and Novel Effects. Sev-
eral numbers on sale at SPECIAL PRICES
Jeweled Novelties
Jeweled Necklaces. with Very large assortment of
Amethyst, Topaz. Emerald Mounted Combs, in Shell,
and White Stone settings. Amber and White
. from $2.5O 91.5O up
Bead Neck Chains; lart:e va- White Stone Novelties— Sun-
riety of colors bursts, Barrettes, Brooches,
$3.50 and $5.00 Waist Sets. Bar Pins, etc.,
Pearl Neck Chains, from all of extra fine quality of
$1.5O stones and fet in solid sil-
ver. at VERY REASON-
Silk and Leather Belts, with ABLE PRICES.
handsome jeweled mount- i .
ings, from $3.50 Art Nouyeau and Gun Metal
' Novelties, Vanity Cases.
Hat Pins, in Gun Metal and Mirrors. Lorgnette Chains,
Gilt, set with Jewels, in etc.
great variety, from. 25c up Gun Metal Coin Cases. $1.25
■■
Turkish Rugs at V3 Off tffiT
SALE WILL CONTINUE UNTIL XM AS. .
$1 Specials in Toys $1
Mechanical R. R. Trains Tea Sets $1.OO
$1.OO Magic Lanterfas $1.OO
Simplex Tj-ppwriters. ,S*1.0O Skin Horses ..$1.OO
Extra Fine Quality Dolls.... Doll Houses $1.OO
~ .........91.OO Tool Chests $1.00
Clove and Merchandise Orders Issued.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS
Date of Royal Wedding Fixed.
BERLIN. Dec. 10. — The wedding of
Crotrn Prince Frederick William and
the Duchess Cecilia of Mecklenberg-
Schwerin has been definitely fixed for
the latter half of May. -
ADVEKTISE31EXT&.
The hair I
of your head
The hair of the head is
far more sensitive to
climatic changes than is
usually supposed, and this
fact is peculiarly apparent
in California.
When the hair becomes
dry, brittle and falls out
and dandruff forms upon
the scalp it is an absolutely
certain indication of
diseased conditions, which,
unless promptly treated,
ivill result in baldness.
Coke Dandruff Cure is
the only remedy thus far
discovered which will not
only remove dandruff, but
will positively grow
new hair. *
That it will do so has
been proved by thousands.
._ It is a perfectly pure
liquid, free from even a
trace of sediment, sulphur
or any injurious ingredients
whatsoever.
tr It,is delightfully refresh- •
[ng, and under its benign
influence the hair quidkly - .. .
regains the softness and '
gloss of youth, and a new,
vigorous growth takes the
place of that which has been
lost.
CoKe Dandruff
Cure
Ask your druggist
Palace T'UTZ
see the beautiful
n ~A COURT Lounging
3flfl room « Cae EMPIRE
**"*» Parlor, the
r*~~~A PALM ROOM, the
tirSflu LOUIS XV PAR.
UlUUU LOR, and the LA-
U~4. n lc> DIES * WRITING
Hotels room.
AD VERTISEMENTS.
FREE THEATER
AT BAYREUTH
AYagnerites of Fatherland
Start Movement to Carry
Out Plans of the Composer
Special Dltnatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. lO.-Admlsslon to the
theater at Bftyreuth will be free to all
after 1S13 If success attends an appeal
which is about to be made by the
Wasrner Associations of Germany. Wag
ner's hundredth anniversary occurs in
1913, and It Is hoped that by this time
$250,000 can be raised.' With ! this sum
In hand it will be possible to do away
with admission fees in connection with
the Bayreuth operas. In attempting
this the Wagnerites of the Fatherland
are endeavoring to carry but part of
tbe composer's own ambition, and they
consider this a more fitting means of
commemorating him than raising a
memorial of either stone of metal.
Shortly before his death "Wagner put
aside a sum of. money the Interest on
which was to be used in enabling -poor
persons of musical talents to travel. to
Bayreuth to witness his works given
at their best in his own theater, and it
was Wagner's intention to' enlarge this
fund so as to pay the * traveling and
hotel expenses of such persons, as well
&« free entrance to the theater— to es
tablish Bayreuth traveling scholar
ships, in fact. Of course, the Wagner
family will benefit In no way by the
fund whicn it is proposed to raise. They
do not now gain one penny from, the
representations at Bayreuth, as the en
tire proceeds frdrn the sale of tickets
is expended on the performances and
In the payment of the trtlsts.
COQUEL1X PLEASED.
.Constant Coquelln, who recently went
to visit Edmond Rostand in his south
ern retreat, has and reports
that the play which the author of
"Cyrano" has had in hand for him so
long Is now all finished. Regarding, its
nature Coquelln willeay little or noth
ing, but declares that it will be as
great a success as "Bergerac" and that
he is delighted with his; own part in it.
Indifferent health has compelled Ros
tand to make a long stay; in. the lower
Pyrenees. His place there. is the Villa
IF YOU ARE LOOPING
For a good' investment in. a
lodging-house or;_a .place oi
iMiflno-s of any kind that wllJ
pay you a good profit, consult
the Business Chance and LodJf-
inc-House Columns' of THE
CALL, in ivliich'jou can always
find bargains in legitimate busi-
ness propositions. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
FINDS JUDGE
IS TOO WEAK
New Mexico Jurist Against
Whom Complaints Were
MadeEemovedbyPresident
AFFAIRS IN A BAD WAY
Executive Says a More Vig
orous and Strict Man Is
Needed in the Territory
; "WASHINGTON, Dec. 10.— Judga Ben
jamin S. Baker of New Mexico has
been .rembved by the President as the
result of a series of complaints" filed
with the President regarding affairs In
Bernalillo Qounty. The . following offi
cial statement of the case was given
out at the Department of Justice.to
day:' ■ ■ • * '.
It was found that in Bernalillo'Coun
' ty, in which Albuquerque is situated,
political and official affairs generally
are In bad condition, that improper
Jury. Commissioners were being ap
pointed, that the selection of JurorB
was tampered with, the Sunday law
was not enforced against gambling and
saloons and that Judge Baker was not
doing what a Judge should do to rem
edy the evils. It was considered that a
. more vigorous and strict Judge wa*
imperatively needed in his place. |
It was for these reasons that change
in the , judgeship was decided upon,
and not because Judge Baker was
deemed dishonest or corrupt.
Etchegaria, at Cambo, and the drama
tist's chief recreation is motoring in the
vicinity. Madame Rostand is with him.
She also Is literary 'and published a
volume of verse not long ago called
"Les Pipeaux." The Rostands have two
little boys, Maurice and Jean.
It will be rather Interesting to gee
what effect Olga Nethersole and Mrs.
Craigle's recent "appeal to Caesar"
will have on "The Flute of Pan." Thus
far the developments since the mem
orable first night have been both edify
ing and amusing.
SCHEME OF AUTHORESS.
A day or two after her play was
"booed" Mrs. Craigle wrote a long let
ter to one of the Pearson newspapers,
in which, after discussing the ethics of
"booing" at much length, the astute
authoress declared that she and Miss
Nethersole were prepared to give one
free performance of their piece at the
Shafte8bury In order to get an unbiased
verdict as to Its merits. The newspaper
was to allot seats to the public, and by
this means a representative audience
would be obtained. Accordingly the
Journal invited applications for places
in the theater on a certain night, and
the results were truly amazing — more
than 235,000 people asking for admis
sion. Whereupon a delightful Inter
view with Miss Nethersole made Its ap
pearance, in which the. actress declared
that the rush for seats was Indisputable
evidence to her of British love for fair
play. Perhaps free play would have
been nearer the mark. However, of the
actress' "two hundred thousand
friends," ., as she called them, only 1230
could be' accommodated with seats, and
before this audience "The' Flute of
Pan" was given with great .eclat. A
vote— by ballot— as to Its merits was
taken, too. whenby a majority of 1200
to SO the piece was" declared a worthy
one, to "boo" which were a profana
tion. Whether the thousands who ap
plied for seats and 'didn't, get them will
turn. up at the bok-bmce "remains, how
ever, to be seen. • \ *
Japan to Exhibit at Portland Fair.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 10^ — Japan,
not content to be outdone by Russia,
has cabled to the Lewis and Clark
Corporation requesting space for a
large display of the products and
manufacturing and other Industries of
that country. A- reservation aggre
gating about 30,000 square feet has
been made.' '..'*"'. ' r * ----
APVEKTISEMBNTB. '
IT WAS NO^ DREAM,
Even Though Nearly Incredible. •
"For twenty .years I suffered with
piles, sometimes being confined to my
bed for days at a ; time. The relief
received from doctors, both In the
United States and Mexico, was tem-
porary, and more frequently I received
no relief; other medicines ■ had no ef-
fect; it was a continual draff; I was
fit for nothing. I finally tried Pyramid
Pile Cure; first application was magi-
cal; I could not believe I was awake
next morning. I experienced a relief
I had not known for twenty years.
"One box cured me, but not. believ-
ing myself cured I bought two moro
and they are still in my trunk.* I first
used this remedy in July. 1903; HAVE
HAD NO OCCASION. TO USE IT
SINCE. The world should know of
Pyramid Pile Cure. I have no words
to. express Its merits.". E. A. Leonard,
Nueva Calle de San .Antonio da las
Huertas No. 6. City of Mexico. " ;."^
Pyramid Pile Cure is In the form of
a suppository, which Is admitted to be
the best form of treatment for piles;
It comejs In direct contact with the
painful tumors" and f does 'Its' work
quickly and painlessly. It is sold by
druggists generally, for fifty cents a
package and there. Is 'no other remedy
"Just as good." Wrife Pyramid Drug
Co., Marshall, Mich., for their little
book describing the cause. and. cure of
piles, as it is sent free for the asking.
JASTHMANOLAJ
X* tae ealy rare fox Herroua and I
Broaoblal ASTHMA.
Tour DrUKUt or at 683 HAIQHT ST..
S«n Francisco. CaL :
AMUSEMENTS.
flacing! Racing!
New i^^jT^ Jockey
California P? ; Club
OA.ZZvA.ini TRACK.
' Commencing SATURDAY. . November 12. :
.Racing' every week -day,- rain or shim.
" Raors start at 2:18 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track taka
S. P. Perry, foot, of Market street, at 12:00.
12:30, 1:00. 1:30' or 2:00. : Returning train*
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately after th« last race. .,-.- • • •• .
. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Prseldent.
' PERCT »W. TREAT. ' Secretary. ,.."- ,:.■ ■
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Blcknell Youn«. C. S. B.. of. Chicago, mem-
ber of the Christian Selene* Board . of ' Lecture-
ship ; of Tbe First . of iChrlst," " Scientist.'
in "Boston* Mass., will lecture 'on Christian
Science In the Alhambra Theater, i Saturday
evening,' December 17. at 8:15 o'clock. Admis-
sion free. Ticket! which will reserve, seats
until 8 D.'in. may : .b«*had"wRh6uteharse at
Sherman. Clay & Co.' a December 15. 10. 17.
'• ; - " :-"'"•- rtimai> :/ rr : : -^ ;: " ' ; } * •
I HOLIDAY OFFERHMGS I
| Tailor Suits, Jackets and Skirts !
§ : M ABSOLUTELY LOW PRICES I
S I All Novelty Garments Now Reduced— Great Variety •
- i -.. . . . :•■«.. - ■ ■ . . ■ • its
i 2 •*• The Largest Exclusive Cloak House West of Chicago .*. e
© ' -: ■ •
S ' "T/lll f\ U QIIITC ©
o j^^^^^^k §10, $12.50, $15. |
O w^^^^^^^^^y The best autumn styles, plain^ O
SwEC^^j^ Ij^iEJ* and mixtures, of cood quality •
■^^^iip material; $5^50 less and better 2
0 . j(^^^^^^^^^ J i*h Novelty suits, excellent ma- •
I* ' tcrial, excellent styles and excel-: g
' Q >i^^^^lP^^m lcnt ' workmans k*P- 57.50 less q
! ® ' MICH NOVELTY SUITS— |
§ M^»|^ v .^ S32;50. $40, $50. %
• H^P^^^^I^^I^^^^r^ Perfect copies of imported cos- ©
i 5 '■" WS^^S^W^WyiW^Ji ■ tume's, the only difference the 5
j I price; you save '■ : - 1 ' •
1 $12.50"^^^^8 P SIL $lo' T $'2.5O, $15. J
S '^^M^m^M Coats and Jackets i
a KwP^^^S 535-oo and $40.oo Novelty coats £
t iSfi^^^HH red^ ed now to 925.00 §
S lmm0lS®m COVERT JACKETS- £?££ ®
S i^^lH^^a^pla Very pretty styles, silk lined. 2
O ■' etc J?7.5O,-98.5O,.$1O.OO\5.
•| EVENING COATS— _ |!
® J^^^^^^^^^ THREE-QUARTER COATS— g
2 CHILD'S COATS CONTINUES 2
Q .-.-■■ ; Jfi^s.OU, 4po«utF, ip'**v'"> jpo.Ulf 0
2 MISSES' COAT NOVELTIES, II FUR JACKETS— ?20 to ?75 J
• 95.O0, )?7.5O, 910.00, 912.5O II FUR SCARFS. 92.50 to 935 ©
9 Lowest Market , Prices. • i#
S OPEN EVENINGS TILL CHRISTMAS. * j
I : , 123(^1232-123^ 3IAEp:T STEEET. V: S ■
iiiiiiiii^iiiiniHiiiBiiHiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
[CHRISTMAS BARGAINS!
■ ." — -—. — : — — ~ — : — ' — ' — : — ! — - g
s v :^Pflces Lower I Than. Anywhere. ||
S Tailor Suits, 1 g JO [Fur Jackets/ |
g Jackets;;^": •■ .; o Jm Fur Capes, g
g Long # Coats, - | Fur Boas, |
5 Evening Coats, J5 r/5 Fur Stoles, g
g Walking Skirts, % Fur Scarfs, |
g Silk and Etamine Skirts, & <ri Feather Boas, |
■ Misses' Coats, a cj Silk Suits, g
■ Children's Coats. J P- P3 [Velvet Suits. ■
■ - _ _ , |
g $20 TAILOR SUITS for $12.50 pilll nPCM'Q PflATC I
m Brown »nd black Qolh Suits, hand- UlilLUnLtlO UUA I 0 ■
g some tourist style j just see them, the «-*»__ H
■ low prices will surprise you. . T H ,
fm 3-4 lenstTdress ;cbATS PRICES ; |i
■ Maneofdillfhed^w^lKe^ HPQr $5.00 and $6.00 Goats on |
■ sey, in tan and castor shades; velvet -J~* .*• ''^1" ' • • • 52.50 g
5 collar and cuffs, large pearl buttons. $8.50 t $10.00 and $J 2.00 Coats ■
q on sale at $5.00 5
g $20 NOVELTY ETAMINE SKIRTS •■ >'- I
S H :'' 1^ 1^^ , CRAVENETtE COATS |
a Handsome Etamine Skirt, fancy ■ g
■ tih*WF«iMi"TniK far *od $5.00, $10.00 and $ll50 ■
■ 540 rtVtNINO GOATS FOR $25. . Just ope-thlrd lesi than dher house*. B
B '' Rne material, fine trimming. ; .- Before purchasing any where go to the S
g _^^^1142-lli6 Market Street |
■■■■■■BslslslOslBsinBllHaBaBMEslHslBBslHBiBa«HslHHBBBHS |
•A L H A A\ B R A
Saturday, Deeember IT, at 3:00 P. M.' ■■'
Monday, .December le.fkt 8:15 P. M. ;
Wednesday, December 21. . at 8:15 P. . M.
Opening Of th* AMERICAN TOUR' of
Paderewski
Reserved Seat Sale opens at Sherman. '
' - Clay ft: '■ Co.'s ■ to-morrow , mornlnr. ■ De-" •'• '•
cember i 12. > at 0. 7 ,Vpricea|2.50, $2.00. *\
'■ |L60.' : |1.00. ' Stelnway. :. Piano ; used. -
"■'. Paderewskl . ooocerts Macaonough'.The- ' -
1 - ater. Oakland, ,' December 23, 1 8 P. : M. ; ' . >
"■'. Victory • Theater, ■" San 'Jose.- 1 December '
- 23. 3 P.' M. - Fresno. December 27/ eve.'
ADVHKTlSEAtE>TS.
tlHE SKJETCiT^ijUB
1308 California Street ;
PUBLIC ' EXHIBITION
. • Oriental Art in
TurkSsh and
Persian Riiis
Monday, Dec. 12," to ' Friday, Dec.; 16'
fCRAND OPERA HOUSE
I MATINEE TO-DAY-SECOND WEEK
ROYAL COMEDIANS £2^ JT^]L^%%lI{!L*iFL t
And Tbeir Company of Colored f|WJ fl\ A T f/\tft>\/
Artbts in the * *' NEW IW l/AHOML I-
MATINEE SATURDAY— dreU Jon of Messrs. Hartlx and Scamsa.
PHIOES~25c. Kc. T3c. II. '
WEXT ATTBACTZOZr— David Beluco Presents
BLANCHE BATES
After Two Years la ■ New York and Over Four Months la St. Lcu!j la
THE DARLING OF THE CODS
A Draraa o{ Old Japan, by Da-ril Btlaaco aad John Lather tang.
{-CALIFORNIA-**
g IV/^IliVJll 1 Tho American Comedians*
I u j XH KXU» PAM0TJ3 OSZGXNAXi CBEATXOST . Th« I.
for ' • urmtnni
y/u.t _^_
for Toil." j^|~ Enormous *
' ' -J — —— ii — — — — S Success. n
NRXT ATTRACTION— CHRISTMAS WEEK j
OEEATEST AMTSTVTOATff PLAT — £% BJ g\ JTK ■— m rf-w *^ ■— £^ 1 1
James A.- Herne'B Masterpiece. /ttflffri"^ H
5? "Week Commencing THIS AITTER- »/
;l> .- NOON. Dec 11. S>
LOOKAT THE NAMES!
!'<! The World Renowned I
; HERRMANN THE GREAT I
!:'; Assisted by ':
]|;j MARIB HERRMANN i
;j!. Queen of Illusions. |>
|| VERNQN |
M; Th« VentrlloqnJfcl "WomSer *ot the V
■ s Twentieth Century. * • • • - j
! FOBD SISTERS
'\'< Slnrers and Daintiest of All Dancins j!
'<>', ■".. • . aul »- <:
| DILLON BROTHERS
it Makers and Repalrera of Popular .* >',
;',' Sonjs. i;
ill HOWARD'S COMEDY DOGS j!
; AND PONIES I;
> Tba Headline Animal Act of the ;!
;,; Vaudevilles. •',
i Marvelous Frank and Little Bob
'< Novelty Oymnaats, Introducing Their ! <!
; Acrobatic Do», *"Ttp." 7
\ PHYLISS ALLEN
\ Contralto. ! I
\ Orpheum Motion Pictures I
! Showlns tbe- Latest KovelUes.
!'s Last Week of the Eminent Actress. !
| MISS MARY SHAW
'* With Her Company. Pre«entln« •THE ■
!;Z .SII-ENT SYSTEM." , |
','>','■' < • Rernlar Matlne«s Every Wednesday, v
is Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. Z
']> Prices— 10c, 25c and 60c. , ; i .
t'f', . . . . . ■ i [
OrKA||^)|J HOUSE
TO- -NIG H-TlP ss?wDat
KING
SBATS ALWAT8 SELUXO.
REGULAR MATIXEE SATURDAY.
AT /V Ja 17 A 13 Belaico St Mayer,
General Manager.
' TO-inonr aito mat. to-day.
JOHN CRAIG REAPPEAR9 In .the Delight-
ful Comedy .
The Professor^ Love Story
to-uossow zrzaHT — osrs • wuiix.
» I W* K I ff" Minnla Maddera
LILLIAN LAWRENCE AS MERCY BAXTER.
Kvg.. 25c to 75c, Mat*.. Sat. & Sun., ,25c to 50c.
Mon.. Dec. 19, SOL: SMITH RUSSELL" 3
. . Comedy. PEACEFUL, VALLET. / '
' Market street, near 8th. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY'-TO-NIOHT LAST TIME.
V . GREAT -RACE *HOR3E DRAMA.
THE SUBURBAN
■ MONDAY ; NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEE-K.
J - -- ' Matlne<?s Saturday aad -Sunday. -
Spectacular • scenic oroductlon of . Russian lit a
for tba first time here.
I LOST JIM SIBERIA"
The . Blood" SUlned Vest! The Csca:>e from
'■ Prison. Hilarious Comedy.
POPULAR PRICES — Eve. 10c to 50c. Matlnets
— ■•::. -'10c. 15<. 23C.
Next— TWd LITTLE WAiya
AMUSEMENTS..
r^Ag I e as ra I n m fbmcscoi
ifiULUmUlik Wm TH£A',2E
7 NICHTS-- Tft RlinilT
SAT. MATINEE I Ij-NIGHT
BEGINNING IU HIUIII
The Oriental Musical Comedy.
mm
I mm.
From tae Casino, New York.
Next Sunday— "THE BIliaONAIRE."
ABSOLUTELY FIREPnOOF.
H. VT. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager. •
TO-NIGHT£^^f E TO-NIGHT
THE SENATOR
BTARTINO MONDAY NIGHT,
\ OLIVEK MOItOSCO Offers "
' HOWARD GOULD, J. H. GILMOUR
And tho Majestlo Theater Co. In
MR. POTTER OF TEXiS
Front Archibald ' Clarering Cunter"* Book.
Send tor free "ADVANCE COURIER."
TOXT LUBELSKI. General Maaa««r.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL from start to finish.'
Commencing MONDAY AFTERNOON. Dec VS. ■
I Can You Beat. This Coterie?]
WEIXTH-FRANCIS COMPANY, WISE-
MILTON COMPA.VT, MTSTERIOCa CAESER
COMPANY. The Mar»#Ious-TRAVIOLOS. Th«
Wonderful DK CARROS: JOHN MORRISONS
Great Irish Singer r MAXINB MITCHELLT
Most BewltchlnK Singer; R. CLINTON MONT*-'
GOMERY. Illustrated Sonssr Striking. Beauti-
ful. Moving Pictures.
10c and 20c. CMldren 10c any time. After-
noons at 7:30. Eventnrs. 7:30 and 0. Con-
tinuous Saturday and Sunday from S to S and
7 to 11 p. m.
Hlsrh-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evenlnz in ths Theater. • .
CHINO FOO LEE: DAVIS 'AND KELLET;
CHARLES MORRELL; THE GREAT MART
COMPANY: LILLIAN LEVY:. MABEL
L.VMSOX AND THE AMERICAN BIO-
GRAPH. " t .- '■
Don't Fail to Sea I , .
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD:
The Sensation of Coney Island and the World" a
Fair.
A NEVER-TO-BE-FORGOTTEN SPECTACLB
AMATETJB NXOHT THURSDAY. [\
Electric Pountain Display To-Wl^ht. .
ADMISSION 10c 1 CHILDREN *. . JJo
• When Phonlny ■ A»k for "Tb» Chute*." j
MISCEIilxAyEOCS AMUStatEXTS. f
MANSFELDT-KOPTA
' ' 'CHAMBER MT^IC CONCERT j
this AirraatNOON at a.O'CLOCKi
121 EDDY STREET.
Tickets ;A-- 1100
Student's .Tickets, »...« SO cents
STEINWAY HALL
TUESDAY EVENING. Deeemkef Xft
RECITAL by
ALFRED A. JFARLANP,
The World's" Greatest Banjotst. •
Assisted by "ALICE KELLER-FOX.', i- -
Seats Reserved at Sherman. Clay tk Co.'s.
LYRIG HALLi?;
THURSDAY. Dec, 1 5. . at 8 :3O P. M.
ARTHUR FARWELL,
CONCERT OF INDIAN and other 'American
Music.
S*le of tickets orens at Sherman. ' Clay A'
Co-'s.' TUESDAY MORNING. D«c 18, at-0
o'elock." and at Lyric Hall wrvniat of •oacert ,
tEeats. II and 75 " at »lWroH|
3738
><eg$Ki MAGM!N$ RELIABLE WEAFL M&j^
Jp3|| for WOMENjgd CHILDREN 0$M%
h\ OPEN EVEMNCS U\lTIL XMAS . • jl
■ I Attractive HOLIDAYNovelties §
Y in Fashionable Wear ;
I for Women and Children w
J5&y Every department of our store offers the most complete &a9
jwj'" end attractive novelties for suitable gifts. Notwithstanding wCfcSg
«fip the superiority of our goods prices will always be found to yr\
II be reasonable.
|k Ladies' Waists'- A \
\ pj\ SILK WAISTS; newest cfjects $5.50 to ?G5.00 // I
'MB WOOLEN WAISTS::..:.'.... r:r...;v..*1.5O to ?1O.OO (I
VJ HAND- EMBROIDERED' WAISTS.. r....$5.GO to S?33.OO \v
r^ ALL-OVER LAGE WAISTS £G.5O it o ?3Q.OO \\J
I Ladies' House Garments (Q
EIDERDOWN SACQUES ......... .$1.OO, .$1.'J5 and up M j
EIDERDOWN ROBES «.-{.7o, JJ54.75 and uo «ag9fr
FLANNEL SACQUES. .... . •. ... . . : ;$2:5O.*$S.r»O ar.d'up;"^ ;
FLANNEL ROBES ijiT.oO, ?10.<M) and. up > //fitt !
. CASHMERE WRAPPERS .95.00 and up 111 \
SILK SACQUES ..,': ? $0.75 and up^/iii
Holiday Meckwear and Belts fjj
SILK COLLARS ......:.. .50c, 75c and .up
COLLAR and CUFF SETS, in fancy box. ..".., .50e and up ' /.I
• ■ CHIFFON* NECKWEAR, in fancy' box. ...... .50c and up • M .
NEW SILK GIRDLE RELTS ........... ..$1.50 and up [fM
All of our LEATHER BELTS arc reduced for the Holidays.^ | yw
Holiday "^sg^. • Hosiery and /Vj
Handker- ■.■>$ G>s^% Italian Silk W
m- chiefs A ■ U0Lr > JL |\ Under Vests "jSt
%. Lace, embroidery. K ""^UV^ M . Ladies' Lisle Hose ({j |
\^ft Initial and plain GIFTS ~ J& SOe, 75c and up
fV/ effects «J " ftf l\ Ladies' Hand- • \J
V\ 25e. ."50c and up i«i ■ // A"|" . embroidered Silk ft
A\ Hand - embroid- \A (j ' , CgT Hose // U
fl ered Handkerchief, I&MAGNINS^ S2 * 5 ° t0 8S ' 73 // ,
\ // Sl.OO to S1O.OO V?\ VO aO Ladles' Italian //' fl
i jl - \l%*\A MM snk Vests, plain" IIK
V/ Real Duchesse tops, embroidered V -V|
and Point Lace... "^^S'ler*'^ yokes; all sizes... JU :
S3.50 to 820.00 "... $3.00 and up A
W Children's and Misses' Fur Sets M
\j Made of lamb, ermine, Thibet, Angora, squirrel and chin- Af)
j chilla; prices range according to material yyr
I ''*.;..■.....:....:,.'......:..* . §1.75 to $15.00 a set I
y Children's^ White Dresses )
j vj Lace and enibrbjijefy tHmmed '. . v 5Oc to $25.00 \/pl
jl Hand-made Dresses,; hand-embroidered. $1.35 to $100.00 / •
1 \ Our Merchandise Orders Make a Very J
p Acceptable Gift Ij .
\if 918-922 Market St No Branch Stores'
Grand Army Entertainment.
The ladies of the F. C. and L. Club
of G«neral George Meade Corps, La
dies' Relief Corps of the Grand Army
or the Republic, will have "a bazaar,
entertainment and dance in the A- O.
F. building December 14 in aid of the
corps* fund for the relief of the Civil
War veterans and their families who
may be in need. .
Solace to Sail December 17.
The United • States navy transport
Solace, Commander J. H. Bull com
manding, will leave Mare Island De
cember 15 and two days later, will sail
from this port for Honolulu, Guam
and Cavite. She will carry mall for
all ports of call.
Winter Very Severe,
The following bulletin, dated No
vember 5, has ben received from Sand
Point: "Winter very severe. Xo-flsh
at elation. Weather too bad for any
fishing."
«*■ STARTLING I
REDUCTIONS
SILK WAISTS SKIRTS
EVENING WRAPS
FEATHER BOAS
FURS SUITS COATS
. Free Ddiyery to All Parts of the U. S.
ARMAND CAILLEAU; Inc.
ADVKRT1SEMISNTS.
Clan Frascr's Officers.
The foUowlng have been elected .of
ficers of Clan Fraser No. 78 of the Or
der of Scotish Clans for the ensuing'
term: Thomas A. Munro, chief; John
Hood, tan is t; Hugh Fraser, chaplain;
Alexander King, secretary; Thomas
Wilson, financial secretary; Maxwell
L. Crowe, treasurer; David Mowatt,
senior henchman; , James Smillie,
junior henchman; Robert Russell,
seneschal; James Davidson, warder;
James O. Fraser, sentinel; Dr. George
Adam, physician; William Rae,
Charles Adams and D. F. ' McFarlane,
trustees; R.McD. Murray, Adam Rose
and I. S. R. Tevendale, pipers.
Eyes Itch, Smart and Burn?
G<«rre Mayerle's Kyewater strengthens weak
eres. cures painful, discharging, sore eyes or
eyelids, rests tired eyes or feeling like sand
In eyes. At reliable drupgists' or 1C71V4 Mar
ket St.. Ban Francisco, 5Ce; by mall, 62c. •
TAX COLLECTIONS LARGE.— Tax Col
lertcr Smith reported yesterday that he had
collected $4.S00,OO0 in taxes on flm and second
Installments. He has turned th« tax books
over to Auditor Baehr for checking.
ADVKiiTlisOlENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL,., SUNDAY,; DECEMBER. .11. 1901
DISCUSS WORK
OF LIBRARIANS
Members of California As
sociation Enjoy Banquet
and Interesting: Addresses
BIG PLAN OF THE STATE
Trustee Explains How : the
Blind in -Interior Will
Be Supplied. With Books
The story of the good work that is
being accomplished by the libraries of
the State,' was told last evening. at; the
annual dinner of the Library Associa
tion of California, held at the Occi
dental Hotel. More than, a hundred
members of the association enjoyed
the feast and the addresses, all of
which- were confined to the purposes of
the association and the problems that
confront its members.
The banqueters were seated at two
tables artistically-decorated .with, ferns
and flowers. Down the center of each
table a blanket of ferns was laid and
over it cut blossoms were showered in
profusion. Though rich, red wine was
In evidence, the gentlemen let this mild
indulpepee suffice, and no cigars were
lighted to lend enjoyment to them and,
incidentally, discomfort to the ladles. '
At the head table were seated, the
officers of the association— Joy Lichten
stein, president: Bertha Kumli, vice
president; Margaret A. Schmidt, secre
tary, and Florence B. Whlttier. treas
urer. . llr. "Whlttier. was- one of the
speakers. To the right and left of the
officers sat the other speakers->J. C.
Rowell, Charles S. Greene, trustee of
the State Library; Melvin C. Dodge,
George C Clark, Frederick J. Teg
gart and Emily L Wade. David Starr
Jordan, president of Stanford Univer
sity, wan* also listed among the speak
ers, but he was unavoidably absent.
NO MORE SURPLUS OP FUNDS.
Charles S. Greene delivered the, most
interesting address of the evening, his
position as trustee of the State Library
giving him knowledge of facts all the
members of the association were anx
ious to learn. Mr. Greene said that
though In the past there had usually
been a curplus in the library funds at
the end of each year he and his as
sociates -would see that it did not oc
cur again, as they were confident that
more good would come to the State
through the proper expenditure of
funds for library purposes than in per
mitting them to lie Idle, where they
draw no Interest. • ' ,
lie said seventy-flvo traveling li
braries were enriching the intellect of
the State, being sent from place to
place to meet the requirements of those
thaf dwe.ll where no public library Is
available. ■ It • would bo but a ' few
months, he continued, when there
would be a hundred such libraries in
circulation, and the. increased expense
in maintaining them would provide
good use for the surplus In the hand3
of tho trustees. ' . '^
BLIND WILL BE CARED FOR.
•Another great work that was to be
accomplished, he said, was to . place
raised-letter books in the hands of
blind persons in : the interlpr. of . the
State who were unable to take .ad
vantage of the libraries at the public
and private institutions established for
unfortunates; thus afflicted. - The im
portance of this work could not \ -be
overestimated, he. concluded, because
these ' books would renew hope •' again
in the hearts of those; now groping in
darkness. : - ~ '. : /
The other speakers dwelt upon the
general, work before the. librarians of
the. State, and, .though much of their
information was technical, it. was;. not
devoid of interest, , even to the layman.
At the conclusion of the addresses
President Llchtenstein ; said ,; that,
though it had 'been the .purpose of the
association to elect new officers at the
time of the annual dinner, the election
would be- postponed, In order that the
enjoyment of the feast might not be
interfered with In the discussion of
the merits of various candidates. This
announcement was • approved by all,
and so until midnight the good time
continued. "i'rv\ : . ' '
Chief Justice Lord 4 Tegjiflcs.
Aa I have been ueinz the glasses made by
Mr. Georse Mayerlc tlie German Expert Op
tician, 1071 Market tt., ; San FTancUco, for sev
eral years, I tak« pleasure to recommend Mr.
Mayerle to any one needing the services of an
Expert Optician. ; . j WM. P. LORD. •
Spree Ends in Death.
j John Brashland, a soldier, 4 0 years
of age,, was found dead in the room of
Thomas Harvey ' at * 2 « 1 2 y Lombard
street, yesterday*, afternoon.,"Brash
land had begged Harvey for a drink/
it is said, and the latter Invited him to
his room, -where . there ,,was ai pint of
whisky. After, the liauor.-t'aiji. con
sumed Brashland apparently went to
slepp in a chair and Harvey went out
to purchase a pitcher of beer. >When
Harvey returned '. he ' had another
soldier, -Frank Strosnider of Company;
B, Twenty-first^ Infantry, -with v him
and three glasses of; the liquor \ was
•poured v out.- : Brashland ■ was -offered a
drink, but as his ;> companions -were
unable to wake him they, called In, the
police. • Brashland ". was '; pronounced
dead. . Death is supposed to have re
sulted from natural causes.^ : ■ " >
Woman Deserted by Husband.
Mrs."R. Sandy of 1124 Folsom street
yesterday., appeared 'at: the, * Southern
police station accompanied "by Dora
Tupper, who had-. been deserted by
her husband, George Tupper.", Tup
per and his wife hired a room one
week ago from Mrs. Sandy.>.. They re
mained until last Thursday, when the
husband left" his. wife? and if ailed; to
return. The Jandlady.t on i making an
investigation ? of * the, .room v in '!■ which
the : Tuppers lived,- found, the -woman
destitute > and , further -that ; she - was / a
discharged 1 patient ..from Van" insane
asylum In Oregon. She was removed
to the' Detention ''Hospital; for "'sus
pected insane persons at the City Hall,
where her case will be 'looked into to
morrow. .; ' ,_■„ _ , ■. ' ....".. : . ... '.- . .. .,
- Some very swell catalogues * come * rrom • Ed
ward Knowles Co., printers, 24 Second at, *
In the Divorye^ Court.
1 , May ,Cline^ "; yesterday ( sued . Phillip'
Cllne, a " member of the Fire Depart-"
ment, 5 f or> 4 lvorce .■ on ■ tn e =" grounds : of
cruelty. , She .says .he '. has ; called .her]
vile < names, • struck • her and \ threatened
to cut herithfoat.with-a car\ing. knife.'
Other; suits ■ for, \ divorce '.were.? begun'
by..? Etta VH."^ Moody Tagainst Elmer L.-
Moody, . cruelty;" Rose .Quin'ell Cohen'
against Albert -Cohen, 'cruelty;'" Grace
Duvali: against William Duvall, deser-"
tioh and neglect --*■>': . .-
Trapper'i Oil cures rheumatism and oeoralgia.
Druggists. f<Oc flask. Richard 4 Co.. 40ft Clay.*
SEWING r-" CLUB ? TO -' ENTERTAIN.— The
Prlendnhip. .Cliarlty i and" Love Sewings Club - ot
the General George O. • Meade Post ■ No". . 61 will
giv? a bazaar, entertainment* and dancer next
Wednenday » evening in the • Social Hall of the
Foresters' bulldlng.i 102 O'Farre!r>treet.'i * .'
B.F.StolL'- dentist; *liilght > & Masonic s av>.
FLINT ANGELS
ARE IN TOWN
Movements of Southern Sena--
Candidate Watchecl
by • "Knight's : 'Partisans
— ~«
POHEIMIIAS AMBITIONS
Wants Place on Police Board.
David J. Oliver, Jr. Is
Sure of Good Appointment
Frank P. Flint and his angels of the
southland 'are in San Francisco mix
ing- with' the statesmen of the metropo
lis. George A. Knight has gone to Men
dpcino County, leaving Senator. Rals
ton at the court of the Palace to keep
an eye on Flint's angelic host.
The statesmen are wondering why
Governor Pardee does not. unlock the
pent-up, patrtmage. The appointment
of a' Prison Director to succeed R. M.
Fitzgerald is long overdue. Across the
bay in.'Marin County .there Is a deal of
talk concerning the successor of J. H.
Wilkins on the board. • It is common
gossip that J. H. Prj'br of the Sausa-.
lito News wiir be appointed to the di
rectory. Custom gives Marln, the
county, in which one of- the prisons is
located, a representative In the board.
The custom of appointing a" newspaper
man will be further honored by the Be
lection of Mr. Pryor to succeed Editor
Wilkins.
The lawyers maintain that the nine
Appellate Judges should: be' appointed
forthwith, but the Governor,.it is said,
will not permit the clamorous attorneys
to goad him into a rush. I
The forecast" of probable appoint
ments to the" vacancies on the various
municipal commissions on January 8
which' was - published in yesterday's
Call furnished an . interesting topic of
discussion among politicians 'and city
officials throughout the day.
The name of David J. Oliver Jr. was
Inadvertently omitted in the list of
probable, appointees. Oliver has re
ceived assurances that he will be put
on one | of .the.; commissions. . He was
once a strong candidate for member of
the Board of Education, but School Di
rector. Altmann's reappointment pre
cludes Oliver's selection : for that post.
Oliver will probably be placated with
the appointment' on the. Civil Service
Commission, to- succeed Commissioner
John who has his eye on some
Federal appointment that" he hopes to
receive through Congressman-elect
Hayes. . . •
It is stated on good authority that
Dr. Joseph Poheim, present member of
the Board of Health; is ambitious to
become Pollde Commissioner, . to- suc
ceed ' Howell. , Thus the situation re
garding •. that appointment' becomes
complicated.. Dr. George Drucker
stands well with the administration
and. he also aspires. to t the Police Com
misslonershlp. It is on this office that
the bitterest flght will . be , made, and
'"'■' W fl I © 01
Kimohas and Robes
. ' ijL " 500: garments .g^o, on -salef,
*u' "*ri)yw " to-morrow morning,, aridHhe^
11* X^2* > prices are" about' half the
" .«^^*y" ''i^^^P^^Swk another buying triumph,
w hich we place at the dis-
■^-3^V^^^^^^--^^ posal of our customers.
These garments are made
' ■ '^yS^^^^^fflSyw Tncre are bot^ ion s an d
"^^^\jfMjf^K^ X^W^^r s^ ort ki m o nas » anc * many
jW^Jtv^^i^^^^k ■ We can ive but Iittle in
1 the way of descriptions,
but notc what W(J ay n
I brief and consider the price
«„««« t,t«^»ta« LONG KIMONAS— Made of.
; SHORT KIMONAS .., and . a gO pd Quality Flahrielette, in a
SACQUEST-Made'of a 1 fine qual- large assortment' of *Persian ; de-
,'ity of' Flannelette, " 'in ~* fancy • signs and fancy; stripes— gar-
stripes 'and" solidVcolors. ;
,hnes, offered as tollows: . ;. ;W~J N J. ■ KIMONAS . T, and
7Sc garments ;...... -....39cp ROBES—A . : fine quality of.
$1.00 garments..' ....4Sci. ' French Flannel, Persian , trim-
'. • $1.25 garments. :. • • • • • .60c ; ". Cmirigs .' ami silk- 'embroidered
' ... . . £•; edges, $7.50, $8.50' and $iogar-
SHORT KIMONAS and ments at '>. ....... . . . .?3.9S"
' SACQUES— Made of 'Albatross, .LONG KIMONAS and
Challie and French Flannel, in l-KpBES; — , German. Flannelette.
' solid colors an'd^ figures;' gaV: ; f^M^ ZP^M C *?'' dainty -
. ■■--■ , >• j -. ■ -■-:■:■ . trimmings = t fine work is very
ments worth $2.50 and $3.00; J evident.- J $3-50,1 $4-50 fand $5.00
.yourchoice at ...... ....".91.48 garments at:... ..... .^2.95.
Sale Fleeced,
Gotten Blankets J*%^
Holiday Novelties demand the W**^^^^
room, and we have decided to % ' *5w^^^W
close out .our entire' stock of .
..white and gray .'cotton fleeced - V'^^vf"*^^
blankets. Regular prices will be . /h^-\- vr'vM!
,.; cut .without regard to.,'cost. The*
entire. stock "has been divided < ' '''
. into two' parts »to simplify mat- . , . V - - •
' ;io-4 WHITE. AND' GRAY/ Cl^ <fcVo iind '.'ilk !
COTTON 'j BLANKETS, - $i.o6 * * ° • < rf U fllia *^
qualities, pair- ..:..; -....V...CSc ..;.Wyl •'•-•- ■ _1 - T ¥ a
.11-4 WHITE AND GRAY 1 HIMneQ M*l&t>S
COTTON 'BLANKETS/ V$2.6oi ; .;. •■.-. "-■■■■'^r--'-: : - r >- .
&! $ 10.00 • '
■ ■ ' :Flannelet,be: ; - ..; : .1; f- ■':'.: .V. ; •„^ , ,' \ ■'■■
_ — • -. ; >^rt- Imported. Models and' ; the.best
' ryiCFlt+Cr/^UtfTVQ QRl^ work of our .'own trimming force.
■V%*fr T»V V Iia - : '^"V;; The" trimmings fare; superb, {utiirz-,'
The" regular, prices are, $1.25; - -ing feathers, i ribbons; and iall the .
. arid $iTsoon the two lots; offered: new. -ideas. :c We ; : JhavV, detcrmined-
■ at UliisV price;. HThe'fe .'are; : several! to _ close :jout several Mines "and
-styles to choose 'from:,: The' ' : offer "'tHem7; r .begirining;"t6'mor-^
.'clotli: patterns i are [varied, 5 mostly^ \ : row; at the! uniform price of:?lO .
•'•'.in -stripe "cifects. -Great '• chance* . t » : '.'\
this to get-?i.25 and $1.50" gowns; iWe'will, 'also (offer 'some" spleri-
for . . . . .'-. . . ; . . ...V...... . ..9Sc vdid^so'Street Hats'forl^^lloO'
ADVEltTlSEMEXTS.
THE VAI.UE OP CHARCOAIi.
Few Peoi.Ij Know How Useful It Is in
'-. z iPrcser\1ns Health and .Beauty.
.•Nearly everybody knows that char T
coal, is . the f safest t and most \ efficient
disinfectant and • purifier ' in nature,
but -few realize its' value when taken
into the human system for the same
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of It the better; it is not a
drug"-at all,, but; simply absorbs the
gases and Impurities , always .present
in the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them", out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating on-
ions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion; It whitens the
teeth and further, acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison. of catarrh.
; All ' druggists' sell charcoal In one
form ' or another, but probably • the
best charcoal and' the "most for the
money is' in 'Stuart's ; Charcoal Lozen-
ges ; they" are composed t of the finest
powdered* Willow 'charcoal 'and' other
harmless antiseptics in tablet form,
or rather In the form of large,' pleas-
ant tasting lozenges, the charcoal be-
ing mixed with honey.
The'daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in" a much j Improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and"; purer
blood, and the beauty of it is that : no
possible harm can 'result from;. their
continued use, but, ; on ; the contrary,
great- benefits
A" Buffalo physician, in speaking of
the benefits .of charcoal, says: "I advise
Stuart's' Charcoal Lozenges to. all pa-
tients suffering ■ f rdnT gas . in stomach
and' bowels arid' to "clear the: complex-
ion and. purify ; the .breath, mouth and
throat;.-, I: also .believe the "liver is
greatly, benefited by the daily, use of
them; they, costbut. 25 cents a box -at
drug stores and although ' in some
sense a patent preparation, yet I be-
lieve' I getmore and better' charcoal
in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges than in
any of the ordinary. charcoal tablets."
other candidates, are sure to loom up,
with more or less chance of success.
Should Poheim .become Police
missioner there will be another vacan
cy on the Health Board in addition to
the one created by Dr. Stinson's resig-.
nation. As already stated in these col
umns, Dr. Jules Simon appears to have
the best chance fdr Stinson's place.
As It looks now the j probable ap
pointments ■ are: ■ Board . of 'Education,
A. Altmann; Fire Commission, Henry
M. Wreden;. Park Commission, Wil
liam H. Metson: Election Commission,
A. W. Voorsanger; Board of Works,
"Michael i Casey; Civil Service . Commis
sion, David J. Oliver Jr., | In the event
that Rogers is not ' reappolnted. with
the Police Commission remaining in
ddubt. •■•"■-■ - : -■■■■ V i ?£; ■■I't'S
'-'.■ Fall hats. 1904, 'just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co., opp Palace.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O'CONNOR., MOFFATT (Mb CO.
COLORED
DRESS GOODS
An inspection is invited of the following^ items of styl-
ish dress niaterials, being special lines which* will be of
interest to those contemplating the purchase of fashionable
goods for a winter dress. •
"Clan Tartan" Invisible Check Suitings
Just received. Silk and wool 56 inches wide. all. wool; very
plaids, bright colorings; special desirable for separate skirts
designs for . fancy .and' dress and tailor suits; dark and
.waists; 27 inches wide; yard.. mixed color effects. Extra
........... ...... ...... ♦l.OO Value »1.00
WEST OF ENGLAND and
DEVONSHIRE TAILOR SUITINGS
56 inches wide/ new mannish styles, in all the mixed color
effects;, small "checks and stripes. All patterns shown confined
exclusively! to" us. Extra value '.$1.50 yard
Silk and Wool Imported French Panne
! , Ppplinette . Cheviot
46 inches, wide.. The new. silk 47 inches wide. Groundwork
and wool material; lustrous, of navy, brown, green and red
soft and -clinging texture. See with black effect. This line of
the .new. shades of Parsifal. goods was imported to sell at
\ Hunter- Green and ' Browns. $2.00 yard. Special price, yard
Yard ...$2.OO .....$1.OO
rl . ,-O.ur orEmbroidered and Fancy Wool Waistinar Ma-
erials now selling at H-less' than regular prices. All stylea for-
merly sold. at $1.00- now 75c. AH styles formerly sold at 65c
and 75c now 5Oc.. ■ -
COLORED CLOTHS
French 'and English Amazon Cloths
Broadcloths A large assortment of all the
The finest weaves in the new- new shades in English Amazon
est shades of champagne, tan. Cloths. All-wool, well finished
'brown, blue, -green, cream and and an excellent wearing fabric
white. 54 inches wide. Per for tailor suits; so inches wide.
yard.... 93.00, '$2.50, $3.00 Yard... ..$1.5O
'■-;■• Covert* Cloths Mixed Cheviots, and
[ Fine English Covert Cloth, in COVertS
•the stylish shades of tan. This The correct cloth for golf
: material is extensively used for and short walkinsr skirts for the
..V. T winter. Mixed shades of
.the new Corset Jackets. 52 brown> ay and bIue> u inches
inches wide. . Yard...... $2.OO wide. Yard. ;...$1.OO
11 i to12i Vost Street
MAJOR P. W. WEST RETURNS
AND RESUMES' DUTIES AS AID
Likes San Francisco Better Than
" Eastern; Clties,>but' Complains .
li' '^i' . Vidf rIMrty.. Streets.*
j X Major i Parker W.; West, ' aid to';Gen
eral 1 MacA'rthur;" resumed the ' duties
of his post here yesterday. He has
been visiting' In the East for two
months. Washington, New York.
Chicago and St. Louis were on his
itinerary. He says after visiting all
these great cities .San Francisco holds
her own most favorably - and , is cer
tainly one of the best citiea in the
Union to live in. The dirtiness of this
city's streets, however. Is something
appalling when compared with the
cleanliness of the streets^ of some of
the Eastern cities. . - 1"\
Those : registered at department
headquarters yesterday were Major
W. B. Rochester Jr., returned from:
leave, staying at the . Calif ornia Hotel,
and Lieutenant Gilbert A. McElroy,
Thirteenth Infantry, "who has been on
leave and is to return to hi3 post at
Angel Island.
Miss Eloise Noble" is visiting her
brother, . Surgeon , R. E. Noble, U. S.
AI, at" 2231 Union street.
Private John F. McGuire, Sixty
fifth Coast Artillery, who fell out of
a window on the second floor, at the
barracks last Friday, died yesterday
afternoon at 4 o'clock. Drs. Kennedy
and Keller did all in their power for
the soldier, but his injuries were .io
great that medical ' assistance was . ->t
no avail. -He' will be burled this af
ternoon with military honors- in the
Government cemetery at the Presidio.
Beware of Injurlons Imitations.
I George Mayerle's Eyewater has Improved my
eyes very much. . Richard, Kajander.. LoiraJtoa,
Cal. At reliable drastfsts' or 1071 H Market
«t., ! San v Francisco, 60c; by mall, 62a 1 •
PERSONAL.
John Klink and wife of Philadel
phia are at the Lick. ..
Dr. John L. Bencpe and wlfa of San
Jose are at . the Palace.
* -T. G. Tancey, a lumberman of
Newman, is at the Lick.
John- Markley of Geyservllla regis
tered at the Lick yesterday.
'Mr; and Mrs. C. P. Pruitt ' of Salt
Lake City are at the Grand. "
; • D. J. Farrell, one- of Reno's business
men, ls^stayingr at;the Grand.
C. B.' Shaver, a' prominent lumber
man'of Fresno, is at the Palace.
"WV S. ; Leake lef t : for the East yes
terday on a short business trip. ;
i Henry- Hahn,. a wholesale grocer of
Portland, is staying at the Palace.
•TV. R. Mattoon of the United I States
Bureau of Forestry is at the Occi
dental. ■ ' . ■ -' . . . • -
E." R. Dunn, manager of the Arling
ton Hotel of Santa Barbara, Is at the
Pi 1 t r r 'Wm\ IJpllli IWfiMS : ..
Graham Babcock, a well known
capitalist of Coronado. is among the
latest ■ arrivals at the': Palace.
• George \ Crocker and , y his stepson.
Alexander departed for
New York yesterday evening.
Alfred Auze, .who is connected with
the United States .Duck- Corporation
of. New York, is at the Palace. •
G. P. Detrick, ; manager of the Nip
pon" Tourist -i. Company. - is .here from
Los Angeles and registered at the Pal
ace.- ' ■ . ■ • ■*.;.
' W.-B. Clapp, D. W. Murphy,. H.L.
Holgate - and : J. -B. Lipplncott - of. the
United States . Geological : Survey were
among yesterday's arrivals at the SL
Francis.
GUNTHER'S TRIAL" DEFINITELY* SET>i!
Judge r Lawlor announced : yesterday that the
trial of . Edward W. Gunther, the ■ attorney
charged wltb offerlnc.and giving, a bribe to
David^J." K«lly,'a'Juror at the trial of Nguert
Lun for murder, would be held In hla court on
Tuesday. ■ '■ Judge Wells of Contra Costa County
ADVERT! SKMENTS>
Give Spanish Masquerade.
The Spanish Mutual Benevolent
Society held a carnival and masque
rade last night at Lyric Hall for the
benefit of the sick fund. Beginning:
at .8 o'clock, the entertainment lasted
till early morning: and at all times th«
hall was crowded. The committee In
charge comprised F. Carranxa. presi
dent; Aupustin Pou, secretary; Wil
liam Mendez, assistant secretary, and
M. Garcia, treasurer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DESIRABLE
HOLIDAY GOODS
Nothing so appropriate aa a
handsome salt. srood-fittinz
jacket, fine dress skirt, swell
silk petticoat, good fur. scarf.
cravcnctts coat, etc
SPECIAURIGES"
Tailor-Made Suits— Newest
styles.
Silk Shirt Waist Suits-
Very stylish.
New Tan Jackets— Just ar»
rived.
Etamine Dress Skirts— New,
and low in price.
Silk Petticoats— $4.00 to $15.
Furs, Furs, Furs — Very low.
Black Goods House
- 1106 "Market Street
A rOR OZ7T8 121 TX2TS f
\ Diamonds — Watches J
I M0HDAT, DSC. 5ti. I
\ Special sale of sterling lil- \
C vcr and gold-filled adjustable f
■#.-. bracelet Watches," fully jruar- r
J anteed; rcj^ular price $10 >
1 and $12; sale CCJ CZ(\ >
\ price .... vJiJU'i
I KQY'S 21^^JARNY ST. {
DIG AT GOLDflELD
Rex owns ISO acres. ,XoW digging and
getting Cold. Owns assay office. Pictures
and whole story* free. tiOUiTXEUO JtXSZ
CO- Btb floor ICaok Block. Hmrtr. Colo.Pages 39 to 5Q
COLLEGE FARM
IN CALIFORNIA
Legislature Will Be Asked
. to Appropriate Money for
an Agriculture School
LAEGE TBACT OF LAND
Results Achieved in Middle
West Claim the Attention
of Leading Farmers Here
Gratifying results achieved in Iowa,
Minnesota, Illinois and Wisconsin
through the agency of State agricul
tural colleges have been closely in
vestigated by leading men of Califor
nia. Figures showing probable vast
Increase in the products of the soil
and the addition of many millions of
dollars to the taxable wealth of the
State will be presented to the Legisla
ture at Sacramento in support of a
measure for the establishment of an
agricultural school in California. The
advocates of the college enterprise
.maintain that intelligent cultivation
of the soil will do more than all oth«r
measures combined to promote the
prosperity of this State. The main
idea is to render farming so interest
ing and remunerative that young men
•will cultivate the land rather than
flock to the city in pursuit of clerical
positions and other wage earning em
ployment.
LIVESTOCK MEN MEET.
At the Palace Hotel yesterday after
noon there was a meeting of the Livo
etock Breeders* Association of the
State. The directors attending were
Charles B. Pierce, president; Judge
Peter J. Shields, General W. R. Shat
ter, William Pearce, A. B. Evans, J.
H. Glide. I. Bird and E. W. Major,
secretary. The main discussion of the
cession was on the provisions of a
bill to establish an agricultural .col
lege in California . or toy purchase a
large farm for the agricultural de
partment of the State University. The
amount of money required was not
definitely agreed upon. Earnest ad
vocates of the measure, viewing what
has been accomplished in the Middle
West, favored an allowance of $500,
000. ■ ■ .
The bill which was under reviev
yesterday does not designate any lo
cality for the farm. The site will l»e
chosen by a commission consisting of
the Governor, Lieutenant Governor,
president of the State University.
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
and the president of the State Bonr-i
of Agriculture. It is noted that four
of the proposed commission «re re
gents of the university; 'It'ts proba
ble that a farm quite distant from
Berkeley will be chosen. Experience
has demonstrated that boys are not
inclined to pursue agricultural studies
where other departments of study en
roll the vast majority of students.
LARGE FARM REQUIRED.
Eastern experts who have looked
over the field recommend the pur
chase of 1000 acres for a farm. It is
claimed that the investment will ba
at once remunerative to the Stats.
Statistics are produced to show that
the college in Illinois last year added
515,000,000 to the wealth of the Stat*.
Livestock men will endeavor to con
vince the legislators at Sacramentu
that vast gains will immediately fol
low the application of intelligent
methods in rarming and stock raising
For example, it Is said that the cows
In California produce only an average
per cow of 110 pounds of butter an
nually. Proper attention to breeding
would double the product of butter
without increasing the number of
cows.
The men who are foremost In ad
vocating the establishment of the'col
lege entertain the belief that Gover
nor Pardee is in hearty sympathy with
them in efforts to advance the cause
of farming. The late Walter S. M*
lick was an enthusiast in the support
of the proposed measure. H« saw
possibilities of great good to th*> State.
Many of his impressions were com
municated to Judge Shields.
6EWTNG AND TRAINING
CLASS HOLDS EXERCISES
Great Improvement in the Different
Dcj)aruneiHs Is Observed by 3lan
agers of the Institution.
The sew Ing and training class of the
Young Women's Christian Association,
1C53 O'Farrell street, held Its closing
exercises jesterday for the holidays.
The attendance has been good during
the past year, an average of 100 chil
dren being present every Saturday
morning. Great Improvement has been
made In the different departments. At
tention has been given to cooking, table
Betting and sewing. An exhibition of
the pupils' skill in each of these
branches was given before the man
agers of the association. President
Mrs. W. O. Gould made an address to
the children, followed by interesting re
marks by Mrs. I. H. Morse of her trav
els abroad during the past year. The
class has been in charge of Mrs. S. P.
Tuggle, Mrs. A. Unger, Mrs. F. E, May
hew. MIps Minnie Martin and Miss
Eriggs. The cooking department was
under Mrs. E. J. Holje. and the table
sminy under Miss Mamie Gibbons
Slusle at the Park
The following programme will be
rendered at Golden Gate Park to-day:
March, "Victor," Arthur Pryor* over
ture, "Light Cavalry/" Suppe; waltz.
•La Soiree." J. S. Nathan; solo for
flute, selected, Signor A. Lombardo;
prand fantacle. "Mefistofele." Boito :
"Slav March," Tschaikowsky; r a )
"Panamericana" (descripUve) Her
bert; (b) caprtce, "A Lesson in Flir
tation" (from "The Strollers") Enjr
lander; selection from "King Dodo "
Luders; "Menuet," Paderewski* "Ai-"
bion," fantasie on English, Irish and
Scotch airs, Baetens.
Bellboy Departs With Coin.
The police are searching for Joseph
Pender, a bellboy at the Sequoia Hotel.
On December 3 $180 was given him to
deposit in bank by the proprietor of
the hotel. He failed to deposit the
money and has not been seen since.*
He came from Chicago and 'it is
thought that he may have retiirned
there. He is 21 "years of age, ¥ feet
7 inches talj, smooth- face and dark
hair. A- warrant la out - for his - ar
rest.
NEW LIFEBOAT IS TRIED WITH
NOTEWORTHY SUCCESS.
Craft That Cannot Capsize op Sink
I • VIEWS OF A COLLATSIBLE LIFEBOAT WHILE IT WAS UNDERGOING PUBLIC
TEST YESTERDAY OFF THE OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S DOCK.
THE LITTLE VESSEL PROVED A MARVEL. ,
A lifeboat designed to prevent a
repetition of the great sea tragedies of
the Rio de Janeiro-, the Bourgogne and a
thousand others -was publicly tested off
the Oceanic Steamship Company's dock
yesterday at noon and filled every ex
pectation. The device is known as the
Engelhardt Collapsible Lifeboat and is
described by its manufacturers as fol
lows: , -
"It is a compact, strong and< ab
solutely safe lifeboat which can be col
lapsed or folded into one-third of the
space occupied by. an ordinary boat of
the same dimensions. It is ■ so con
structed that its carrying capacity, for
the stowage space required, is far
greater than that of any ether lifeboat
in existence. The operation of extend
ing it is simple and takes only, a few
seconds.
"This boat makes it possible for pas
senger steamers to carry ample and ef
ficient lifeboat accommodations for the
total number of perso-ns aboard. It is
constructed entirely of buoyant mate
rial and a twenty-foot boat, even when
filled with water, will sustain 'over -4000
pounds and a twenty-six-foot boat ovfer
SOUO pounds. Its great buoyancy is due
to the fact that its bottom and fender
are filled with kapoc, a material deter
mined by the German naval tests to
have seven and one-hair times the
buoyancy of cork.
'ALMOST INDESTRUCTIBLE.
"It would be serviceable, even with
its sides torn, its plugs lost, its bottom
crushed. Every boat carried, no mat
ter how badly damaged,* would .be
available in case of accident. Being
less than a foot In, depth 'when folded,
it can be easily, stowed, and a heavy
sea would not be nearly so likely to in
jure it or'carry.it away as an ordinary
lifeboat. • It is always ready. ■ Should
the vessel-sink suddenly, it would' float
as a raft, and still support its full com
plement of passengers. -. It can always
be launched, wherever on deck it may
have been stowed. If the ship is rolling
badly, a few men can without difficulty
carry - the boat from windward to ' lee
ward. If the davits , are jammed, it
may be thrown overboard bodily, and
be manned and extended later while In
the water. * Its ' construction ' is ~ such
that It cannot capsize, 'even if all the
passengers it will hold are crowded
against one rail."
These are the claims of its builders
and, > considering the conditions, „ they
were well sustained , by yesterday's
test, which was under, the direction of
Captain' J. . Barneson, . who represents
the manufacturers. on! this coast, Of
course it was much like';testing a ma-*
chine : gun in'tlme of peace. The* storm
was riot there, "nor, was .the terrorjand
panic. that it brings, though it was ap
parent that even had these conditions
prevailed ■ more "of ' these "■ boats ' - could
have been set -afloat' than any built of
metal, which crush like egg shells when
battered against a ship, by. the T fury/ of
a gale.
PRAISE FRO31'BOIiIiES...
The boat r used; yesterday . ; was ■: 'only
sixteen \ feet < long,-, and sixteen seamen,
representing a probable weight- of 3000
pounds, crowded into It and piled them
selves, first; against* one rail and then
against the'other.. She Proved 'as "stiff"
as a steam*, schooner and was pro
nounced by.!, all ' a remarkable -" boat.
SAN" FRANCISCO, : SUNDAY; " DECEMBER li;, 1904.
Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers Bolles
and Bulger witnessed the test. When
It was over Mr. Bolles said:
"It Is really a llferaft, having all the
stability of that craft, but when ex
tended it looks like a boat. For long
distance traveling it wpuld" not 1 - be j a
success, but for. its purpose, .that of
saving life, I know of no device that I
think isits equal." ■ ;
.His. views were shared.by . all . that
witnessed the test and among the on
lookers were several' steamship men
who are vitally Interesfed in the safety
of the thousands that yearly voyage
across the seas.
JUMPS OVERBOARD FROM
STEA3IER GEORGE W. ELDER,
3Irs. 3Iagsie Preston, Who' Left Her
Home Thursday 3IomIng, Believed
to Have Committed Suicide.
Mrs. Maggie Preston, who left her
home at 323 Connecticut street on the
morning of December 8, Is believed to
have committed suicide by Jumping
overboard from the steamer George W.
Elder while . on the voyage from thfs
city to Portland. "
Yesterday .the •'woman's husband,
Sherman Preston, received a dispatch
from Portland to the effect that a
woman who was a passenger on the
steamer under the. name of Mrs. May
Brown had -committed, suicide on the
up trip by Jumping overboard. A pack
age was found among. her effects ad
dressed to, "Mrs. Sherman Preston 323
Connecticut street," bearing the name
of the Emporium.
The steamer left this port on Decem
ber S, the day on which - Mrs. Preston
disappeared, leaving a note for her hus
band that she was tired of life and bid
ding him and her ■ relatives farewell.
Detective Bell,' who was ■ detailed on
the case, is ; satisfied , that the woman
who Jumped overboard was Mrs. Pres
ton. The husband handed him the dis
patch yesterday afternoon.
What Docs the Wise Man Do?
Is it the wisest policy. to spend every
thing you make, or put by- so . much from
your earnings for^the'future?, How many
opportunities come, to -the 'man who has
a little money on hand.,' The man who is
wise considers that: he is not earning
anything, no matter.: how large ;.his t sal
ary, if he has not a savings ,account.T You
can opon one with; $1* with. the'Phoenix
B. and L. Savings .ABs'n/ B16: California
street; Interest' at 1 4 H ' per cent beine al
lowed, compounded *semi»annually. . Five
per cent is paid on r term, accounts Day
able seml-annually. : Paid-up capital $1
250,000; guarantee. fund. 1 / $200,000 • Th'a
directors are ;A:- A. Waflkins, Chas R
Bishop, Geo. C. -Boardman; ;S.v Prentlsa
Smith. . Gavin McNab.T Chas. E.^ Ladd-
Clarence * Grange, managing; director. »•'•■'
Construction Car "I£ills * Horses.
;•- Two . horseB,^the ;property .ot^ismith
& • McNab, ) were .. killed : by. a ■ construc
tion- .carj at '.Twentieth and '"Illinois
streets - yesterday. , r ; The } horses .; were
crossing r the 'street when'i a"i train 'of
cars belonglngito .the.Lantry.Construc
,tion*» Company came ; M do"wn! the ' Incline
and- before :the driver.?: Frank Terry, 1
could get clear/ of the • danger J the; for
ward ■* car., knocked .^thej r down;
killing one ' instantly* a°nd : injuring J the
other so thatit had .to" be 'shot. '
BUSINESS MEN
ON GRAND JURY
Two Citizens Consent to Ser
vice Although They Had
Excuses for .Withdrawing
NEWHALL IS -ACCEPTED
Tells Court He Is Friendly
to the Administration.
T. P. Andrews Is Foreman
. Two capitalists, tfo clerks, a book
keeper.; a publisher and the remainder
merchants constitute the businesslike
Grand Jury drawn yesterday morning
in. Judge Kerrigan's court by
Clerk John Greif. It would- not, have
been possible to get nineteen to serve
out of the list of thirty-one drawn from
the Grand Jury box last Wednesday
had not two men waived their claims
to exemption and Judge Kerrigan re
jected the excuse offered by a third.'
George A. Newhall, president of the
Chamber of Commerce, was one of the
reluctant 'ones." He said that he had
been a member of the Police Commis
sion, was always treated courteously
by the administration and did notcare
to sit in judgment upon it Judge Ker
rigan told him to serve. W. G. Staf
ford, president of the fuel company
bearing his name, is a United States
trial juror and had a valid excuse, but
said that he was willing to sit on this
body if it intended to do effective work.
Judge Kerrigan thought that the Jury
would be effective, and Mr. Stafford
withdrew his excuse. J. T. Sullivan
had been a trial jurordn Judge Law
lor's court and was therefore' exempt.
He had. left the courtroom when Clerk
Riley and Bailiff Duffy went In "pur
suit of him and persuaded him to re
turn. The Judge told him : that the
jury could not be filled'unless he with
drew his excuse, and Mr. Sullivan con
sented to serve. - <
. Of the eleven excuses " Charles P.
Baughnian, Henry Schroeder, George
H. Lent. Hervey C. Somers, William
Watson and John F. Merrill were not
found by the Sheriff. Baughman lives
in Alameda; Merrill: and Soraers are
out of the city. James Denman was
excused because he is about to leave
for Mexico and Maurice Casey is go
ing, to Xew York. Edward Convey and
Myer Ehrman had statutory reasons
and James H. Doolittle lives in Bel
mont. * ,»-■
The Grand Jury organized by choos
ing Thomas P. Andrews foreman and
William V. Brown secretary. It-will
meet every, afternoon at 2: o'clock.
Following* are . the. ■ Inquisitors ;.for
the coming term: s Phlllp Fablao. 3641
Clay,street^Tn6rchant fGeorge' A^Hare.
1510 *?rranklia^;, street;'' .William .Vy.
Bryan, ;'"c6rn<fr Pine aha Buchanan
streets, ' publisher; John A. Speck^ g 20'J
Montgomery. street, real estate;- George
A. Newhall, 301) Sansome street, cap
italist; J.-B. Keenan," 1210 Clay street,
elevators; '! James U.. Smith, S18.r Cali
fornia street,, capitalist; Andrew ' At.
Davis, 1722, Pine street, secretary Em
porium;! D. H.Lohsen, 1812 Scott sreet,
real estate; John Porcher, 715- Golden
Gate avenue,* merchant ; John T. \ Sulli
van. 20 'Fourth street, merchant; Her
man ! J. Cordes, 2196 Fifteenth street,
bookkeeper; -W.G. Stafford, 112 Brod
erlck street,- coal - dealer; Samuel Pau
sen, 200 Kearny, street, merchant;
Thomas P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery
street, photo s'upplies; -P. F. McCarthy,
1465 Leavenworth street, clerk; Ed
ward J. Bowes. 2933 Jackson street, real
estate; ; Richard 341' Kearny
street, tailor: Walter B. Bundschu, 245
Chestnut street, clerk. ■ . r .'.^
SERVICES AT CHURCHES .
1 . OF ALL • DENOMINATIONS
Pastors Will Discourse From the.Pul
pit 3Ioming and Evening on a
Variety of Topics.
This morning the members- of .the
St. Vincent de Paul Society will as
semble at St. Brendan's Church at
7:15' o'clock to receive holy , com
munion at the 7:30 o'clock' mass. In
the afternoon at 3 o'clock the fourth
general' meeting of the year. of all the
conferences of San -Francisco will, be
held in St. Brendan's'Hall. As this is
the final reunion of the year of "all the
members as well as the last official
meeting it* is hoped that fraternal re
gard and good " will," Joined to active
interest in the society's welfare, will
insure a large attendance.' . -
Rev. William" Rader, pastor, of the
Third* Congregational Church, will
preach this 'morning on "The Answer
of Silehce.V In : the "evening he will
talk on "The Message of the Preach
ers of the Men of To- 1 ""."
"The Last Time", and "A Postscript"
are to-day's: subjects of Rev.'.E. Ne
lander, pastor! of the First English
Lutheran' Church: . /
At the'Y.M.C. A. auditorium this
afternoon. Rev. William Rader will
address a body of young" men on "Ol
iver Twist." "' ■ "-' ■■■'■_ -
' -This evening at. the Grace Metho
dist Episcopal Church Rev. F. M. Lar
kin will , preach - on "What . Shall We
Do With the Bible?" ..
"The Supremacy of. the Spirit" is
the morning subject of Rev. . W. P.
Stanley- of the Hamilton Methodist
Episcopal. Church.. -..•■■ . ..
Rev. F. A. Keast, pastor of the Ep
worth Methodist- Episcopal ' Church
will preach this J morning • on. "Chris
tian Stimulants.*' Evening ' subject ; is
"The Fatal- Collapse, or. Reaping. What
We SOW." .'-*..' ; .■■'.':'. ."/.■■•. • -,*' ■ , . •; :\
• At the .-Howard-street . Methodist
Church this morning. the pastor," Rev.
A: C. Bane, .will preach on "Are Chris
tians Better\ Than ? Worldlings? 1 ; His
evening subject is i'The Day of Reck
oning.*' ; /^^f^BpSBJJlyjiifigt^^Sgg^^
Mrs. -Conrad's Estate.
The "Union. Trust -Company
day -petitioned -■■ for - special .1 letters^ of
administration i upon . I. the egtate , ; of
Louisa J Conrad, ; who * died?X>ecem
ber. 6. : -The -value of ' the -estate; is not
given, i but it is ' stated to ; consist of . real
and • personal property^ in ; this ■ city, and
others parts*; of ' Two sdns
are ' the.j heirs-^David ? ; . "Ai \ Conrad "- 'ot
Santa' Barbara- and "John ' G. , Conrad ' of
.Voss, i Conrad & ' Co.; .who : is r now," in
Creditors' Sale.
■ -I During the comlng t week : E.' J. ? Han«6n,
assignee, (will! dispose; of '.Baron's $35,000
'stock I of.; suit*,*, cloaks,:, skirts . arid i fUra
.This sale will continue. until. the last gar
ment Is sold.*/ Sale will commence 9:30 a.
m. Monday. 962'Market street. : -* r 4H*ay
CIVIL SERVICE
IN CANAL ZONE
President Eoosevelt Gives
. the Federal Employes at
Panama That Protection
MANY POSITIONS OPEN
Salaries Are Payable in Gold
and Free Transportation
Is Granted to the Istliin us
Secretary .Ward of. the civil service
board at ;the. San Francisco postoftlce
reports that President Roosevelt has
placed under the. civil. service all em
ployes' of the Isthmian Canal Com
mission, not already serving as civil
service appointees and excepting per
sons employed -merely as laborers,
persons whose. appointments are con
firmed- by the. Senate- and engineers
detailed from the United States army.
The age limits for entering the ser
vice are from 18 to 40 years unless
otherwise specially provided. Medi
cal, attendance is furnished free of
cost: to all | employes. . . Quarters will
be furnished employes at a cost to
them of 8 per cent of the salary, and
free transportation from New York,
New Orleans or San Francisco will
also #be, provided. Six weeks leave of
absence. is allowed annually with full
pay. .-, All salaries are payable in gold.
'The . following examinations for the
Panama canal will be held December
27:^ Miner, salary $100 to $125 per
month; age. limit, 21 to 45 years.
Foreman carpenter, $100 per month;
age limit, 25 to 50 years. Steam shov
el man, age limit, 25 to 50 years; sal
ary, $190 per month, with an addition
al bonus for extra quantity of work
performed. . Steam, crane man, $165
per month, with an additional bonus
for extra quantity of work performed.
Fireman, age limit, 21 to 45 years;
$75 per month. Helper, age limit, 21
to 45 years; $75 per, month. •
Apply -to the United States Civil
Service.. Commission, Washington, D.
C, for application form 1052. No ap
plication will, be accepted unless prop
erly executed , and', filed, in complete
form with the commission at Wash
ington^ prior to the hour of closing
business ofi December 27.
The following examinations will be
held January 4. Foreman of diamond
drill, boring party, age limit. 25 to 50
years; -$150 per month. Foreman of
wash boring party, age limit, 25 to
50 years;. $125 per month. Boring
party helper, age limit,. 20 to 40 years;
$75 per month. Foreman of laborers,
salary $75 to- $83 33 per month'. As
sistant foreman of laborers, age "limit.
25 to^40'years;"$50 to $60 per month;
General' foremanofr laborers, age lim
it,,25. to 50 years; $100 to $125 per
month."; s\ ...-''■„
' Apply 1 to the United States Civil
Service Commission, Washington, D.
C, for application form 1052. No ap
plication will be accepted unless prop
erly executed and filed "in complete
form with, the commission at Wash
ington prior to the hour of closing
business on January 4, 1905.
The United , States . Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion earfy in January at San Fran
cisco and Los Angeles to fill vacancies
In the .position' of male stenographer
and typewriter on the, isthmus of
Panama at salaries ranging ' from
$1200 to $1500, wjth opportunities for
promotion to $1800 per annum. Ap
plicants should" at "- once a'pply either
to the United States Civil Service
Commission; Washington; D.' C. or to
the board of civil service examiners.
301 Jackson street, San Francisco.
Cal., for -application form 304.
CALIFORNIA HOG RAISING/'.:.
IS CONSIDERED FULLY
Promotion Committee Magazine for
. 31 onth Is Devoted . to Facts
. About a State Industry.
The. December number of For Cali
fornia, the monthly publication of the
California Promotion Committee, is de
voted; to the subject' of ' hog-ralslng in
California. The number, is a practical
and interesting demonstration of the
possibilities .of the Industry' in the
State.- E«r<J. Wlckson;* the dean of the
bureauof animal Industry qf 'the Unl
versltyof California, writes: *
.."Judging from the figures obtained in
the last census California Is not pro
ducing nearly the amount of pork that
other .States do, • excepting perhaps
those that are used. almost entirely for
range purposes. We .find at the same
tlme\that we are shipping into the
State a large amounttof pork. Most of
it comes In •. the shape of salted hams
and sides. The Philippine 'trade has In
creased .wonderfully during the last
four or nye years, aqd there is no doubt
that our -Eastern .possessions will offer
large 'markets to us in the future. The
reason .why California has not gone
more extensively into hog-ralsing may
be found 'in; the fact that in .the 'opinion
of ' most' people corn and hogs' must \ go
together." v . . - • ; . •
The Peruna . Almanac in 8,000.000
■ - , Homes.
.The Perpna Lucky Day Almanac has become
a- fixture in over eight million homes. It can
bo obtained ■ from all druggists free. Be sure
to Inquire early. The 1U05 Almanac Is already
publl«hed.,nnd the supply will soon be exhaust
ed. ') Do nut'put'lt off. ■ Get one to-day.
Wife' Claims His Savings.
■ First as drug clerk and. then as pro
prietbrl; of; the pharmacy, at 4 0 2 Third
street. r ..Thbm'as ; F. .Blake' rfccumulated
enough ;.to pay "expenses," go into', busi
ness and jive ; something to . his wife ; to
lay-away. ..They were 'married in 1889
and inT fifteen 1 years the Vwife has man
aged'to 'buy . a lot' on' Clara' street and
to put $1500 In bank. Blake now says
that 4 she claims ' the Vrealty '; and > the
money ~> as her - separate'; nroperty "and
declines' to" divide -with -him. :■ There
fore j he filed Uwo suits in the Suoerlor
Courts yesterday, one 1 to 'have the lot
declared 5 community 1 property 1 and i. the
other> to !enjoln^her;from s 'draw^ng ; her
cash ' from* bank ? until f he establishes
his 'claim to a half ? ownership therein;
Judge v Kerrigan • granted ' a' temporary
restrainlhgr;order^ ; ' v ' •'.- 7 : *
Rcbckahs in Farce.
; Next ; Saturday^ rilght^ a^ number \ot
the % members \ . of ; Reb'ekah
Lodged LtOAO. vF. 1 , ; willjeijtertaih the
members ; and friends ' in the Memorial
Hallofthe Odd^Fellpws'Jbuildlng with
an evening £ of * f arce/ -'■ when ' the cele
brated'.Snowcap Sisters from;the Snow
Mountains* will' put • in ■ an v appearance
for the • purpose of ■ entertaining: *
ARCHBISHOP DEDICATES A
HOME FOR GIRLS.
Catholic Ladies Finish Task
JSOMK i'ROMIKEXT MEMBERS OF THE CATHOLIC LADIES' AID SOCIETY AND |
THE DISTINGUISHED PRELATE WHO DEDICATED THE HOME FOR \
/ GIRLS WHICH HAS BEEN ESTABLISHED BY THAT ORGANIZATION.
The Catholic Ladles' Aid Society's
Girls' Home was dedicated yesterday
by Archbishop P. W. Rlordan In the
presence of several hundred women,
who were Jubilant that their years of
zealous effort had at last borne the
fruit of success. The home Is at 1205
Go'ugh " street,, and in the three flats
that have been combined accommoda
tions are provided for forty young
women who from force of circum
stances must earn their' own livelihood.
The j institution is not eleemosynary or
reformatory in character, but is aimed
to give the advantages and comforts
of home life at the -very lowest rates
insuring sustenance of the home. It is
particularly desired to help girls whose
Incomes are small. 1839
: The ■ house will be ready for occur
pancy in a week or ten days, and many
applications have already been re
ceived. Yesterday it was thrown open
for. inspection.' The two upper floors
are to be used exclusively for bedrooms
and. on the first floor will be the kitch
en, the dining-room, the office and a
large dpuble-room that will be used by
the young women as a reading and so
cial room. Miss Truett, who has had
much experience in conducting such In
stitutions ' and- has been thoroughly
tested in the tact that is required, has
been engaged to take charge.
SUCCESS AT LAST.
■■- It is seldom that women are attracted
with greater enthusiasm to a work than
has been in the cases of those members
of the Ladles' .Aid. Society, who have
been striving for: years to. open a home
for. young working women. The great
good that has been accomplished in
Eastern cities in alleviating the harsh
conditions that meager. wages Impose,
and the work of Improving the condi
tions of moral and physical welfare
had flred* . the local ._■ Catholic women
with the laudable purpose bf establish
ing such, an institution in San Fran
cisco.. The'BOCieties throughout Califor
nia" joined in the movement,' but prog
ress ' was slow in ' collecting the funds
required.. There was much discourage
ment, but with' Indefatigable zeal en
tertainments , and "at homes" were
given and money raised in every way
that could be resorted to. Now t that
success has * crowned ; their . eff ortaVthere
is much cause for gratification/ T "'
...The following are some of the women
whose determlnation'to'succeed'and to
help hpmeless andstrivlng girls > has re
sulted in founding the home: 1 Mrs. Mar
garet Deane, Miss Mary Carr, Mrs.
Mary. Collins, , Miss * Mary Conlan, Mrs.
P. J. White, Mrs.: O'Neill, Mrs. M. H.
Smith;, Mrs. Percy- Smith, Mrs. Fen
nell. Miss :Mary Garrlty, Mrs. S. Mc-
Fadden,, Miss Horn." Mrs. Mellet, Mrs.
Derrick. ; Mrs. T. P.* Hogan, . Mrs. O. C.
Kirk,: Mrs.rD. F. jRagan, Mrs. Rankln,
Mrs. -: Griffin, Mrs. , . Heraenway, . Mrs.
Galnes, > Miss Emma .Russell, .Miss'Jen
nie .-Mitchell; Mrs. 'Mary Burns,' Mrs. Ed
Curtis, :. Mrs.- P- J. -Moore, Mrs. Finney,
Dr.' Elizabeth Lynch, Mrs. Philip Fay,
Mrs.": Malloy. and others.'^;
,-.. Archbishop f Rlordan spoke briefly of
the, tendency of young people to, leave
the Country ; to" enter ' what appeared to
be the attractive field of the cities, with
Pages 39 to 50
the result that in the crowdins and
strenuosity of the city moral and phy
sical well-being suffer. Such institu
tions at theGlrl3'Home help to counter
act the evil Influences that operate so
strongly. The Archbishop spoke the rit
ual of the dedication and the home was
placed under the patronage of St. Mar
garet.
Rev. Father Wyman felicitated" th»
women of the Aid Society on their suc
cess, pointing out that the home waj
not a part of the religious organization
and that it is non-sectarian strictly.
A musical programme then followed,
and those who took part were Mlsa
Charlotte Pau. Miss Myrtle Mellet. Miss
M. Walsh, Miss Ethel Grazier, Miss
Marie Giorglanl and Mrs. M. F. Bren
nan.
In the evening another reception was
held and the following programme waV
rendered: Soprano solo. -Mrs. M. Mc-
Glade; barytone solo, Charles Drady;
specialties. Ge"orge Clark: character
sketch. Miss Agnes M. Nunan; tenor
solo, John O'Brien: barytone solo. J.
Jaunet; soprano solo. Miss L. Byrnes.
*A poem written by Miss Marcella
Fitzgerald of. Gilroywas read "by Miss
Carr.
WILL START BRANCH
OF BENEVOLENT ORDER
Sisters of the Helpers of the Holy
Souls Here From St. Louis to
Bejia Work.
The first step in the erection of a new
Catholic convent, that will devote its
Influences toward the helping of the
poor and nursing of the sick, began
Friday with the arrival of two sister 3
from the St. Louis branch of the Help
ers of the Holy Souls.
The ordAr was founded forty-eight
years ago in Paris' and 13 supported by
voluntary contributions from all
sources, although It. makes no requests
for alms. The sisters devot«f all their
time visiting the poor sick, nursing and
helping them, and receive no remunera
tion for their services.
Several years ago the first branch of
the order In the New World was start
ed In New York, ■ and later another
branch was begun in- St. Louis. San
Francisco will have the third home of
the"; order.
Hands Severely Burned.
j Alex Luoto, a picture frame worker,
; 786 : Hermann street, /was severely
bfkrned "yesterday in a workshop at 704
Larkin street- Luoto was ■ passing a
gas' flame with a pot of. paint, which
ignited, and before he could extinguish
the flames his clothing caught fire,
burning him. about his forearms and
hands. He was removed to the Emer
gency Hospital. ,
Military BaU-
, Company. B. First Infantry, National
Guard "of California, formerly the City
Guard/ will give a : military ball in the
armory at Page and Gough streets
next Friday night. r As this company
is noted for the social functions given
there is no doubt that, this event
will be one that will redound to the
credit : of the ' organization.40
AT OAKLAND RACE COURSE FOSSIL AND KNAPP CAPTURE THE DAY'S HONORS
TIGERS TUMBLE
BEFORE ANGELS
Jones Is Steady in Every
Round and His Teammates
Tender Him Fine Support
DECISIVE GA]ME TO-DAY
Each Nine Has Four Vic
tories to Its Credit and
Final Contest Will Tell
LOS ANGELES, Decs. 10.— Steady
pitching by Jones and perfect fielding
cave the Los Angeles team to-day's
by the score of $ to 1. Each
team has won four panes and to-mor
rew's contest is looked upon as tha
decisive one. There was not much
difference between the pitching; of
Jones and Keefe, but the fielding and
base running of the locals were su
perior to that of the Tacomas, Score:
Lei AEfflu — ' , - Taoorsa.-^
AB.R. H. F.A. AB.R. H. T.X.
ir.K3hfl.If « 0 2 t O Doyle.Cf 4 O O S O
no.id.2b 4 0 2 2 S Shay, ci. 4 O 1 4 4
<Yvt!., rf 8 0 0 O 0 Sheha.fb 4 14 12
fier.ith.Db 4 0 12 0 Xrdke.lb S 0 1 7 1
Chase.cf 4 0 2 8 0 McL'.n.lf 4 0 12 0
liivhr.lb 3 0 0 S 0Rarmr.2b S 0 1 2
Tom»n,M « 0 O e 2 Rymr.Sb 8 0 12 8
!■:■>•. e.3126 4iGraJun.e S 0 0 ft 1
Joaea^p. S 1 I 0 1 Hofia.rf 8 0 111
Keef a. p. • 0 O 0 S
TctsJs.Sl » 10 27 • — _
. ( ToUla.81 1 9 34 IS
RUXI A2CD HITS BT INNINGS.
Xxia Asfftles ....0 01 0 0 0 2 0 x— S
Baa* hit* 0 0212181 z— 10
T&con*. 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0*0—1
l:.-*e blU 2 0111310 1—8
BCXHAIir.
Etolra buN — Eieetaa (3), McL&ugtSln, Hll
tfebrmAd. Flood. Srror*— Sbethaa, Norflj-ke.
Tft'o-bMt hit* — 6ple», Cb*a*. First b*»« ca
error — Loa Aorele* 1. Left ca bu«t — Lew
Ar.fr! -a 6. T&cotnn 8. Ba*ci on called ballf —
OS Jones 1, cS Ketr* 1. Struck out — By
Jones 4. by Keef* 4. Doubl* plajr— Tornan to
Flood to Braahear. Tits* of (wa«— 1:80. Urn*
plre— Mdtocaid.
Indians Defeat Olympic Eleven.
LOS ANGELES, Dec 10. — By au
perior speed and team work the Sher
man Indian School ball team this af
ternoon defeated the heavyweight
Olympic team of San Francisco by the
score of 16 to 0. The Olympics
showed to better advantage in de
fensive work, holding the Indians at
many critical stages like a stone wall.
The game was fast and snappy, with,
plenty of runs around the ends and
punting.
Tournament of Flycasters.
The members of the San Francisco
Flycasting Club will hold a tourna
ment at Stow Lake, Golden Gate Park,
on the 18th lnst, commencing at 10
a. m. All the well known followers
of the sport will compete. Luncheon
will be served in the new clubhouse.
The tournament will be a handicap
affair, with three prizes In each event.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Nature lntenfled that every man fj
Fhould live all bis years a perfect man. I
3"< w men do. Most men can. £1
*n.» problem of living a perfect man H
is simple. Undo the injury that dls- B
aipation has wrought. Then avoid it — H
I've as nature built you to live. M
DR. O. C. JOSLEN, I 3
The Leading Specialist. H
To men whese years are being lived t
in phyiiical t*3i[>erfectlon as a result of r
dlsclpation. whose lives are less than r
full and perfect lives and who yearn to |
be th? teen thai nature meant them to e
b*.' I extrad an earnest and lympa- |
l!Mtlc • Cf-r of consultation and advice, |
tcth cf which are absolutely free. |
WHAT WEAKNESS IS. |j
•■W^akne'tf". 1« merely a symptom of I
chronic inflammation la the prostate -I
cUnd. !;rcugbt on. by early dissipation 2
or by the improper treatment of. some 1
•* ccctr\ct«4 <J>«"a.**. A complete and -<
radical cure is therefore a question of 3
restoring the prcstate gland to its nor- I I
tnal cute, and this I a:rompl!sh I I
promptly and conapictely without the M
■us* of internal mr.c£\e*. My treat- y
siem is a l-jcal cn# entirely. It is R
« T-u.r.itl ar.i 6clesUSc and has beeu <
provei absolutely effective by thou- : ■
•sand* cf tests. I aa convinced that by '•*
no c*.h*r methods ean full and permi- *•.
ne*st restoration or strength . and rigor
be acccmpUshed.
CONTOACTED DISORDERS. \
AbsoAte s-afety de-aloe's the most
thoroug& treaticest in all contracted
diseases. I treat contracted £ls«arcs
as no otber physician treats them aad
I cure thoroughly tn letn than the usual
time required. Th«re are no relapses.
X also curt with nsTarrtar
kuccses Stricture. Varleocela.
Sperrsttorrhea. Blood Poisoa.
Lest Vizor. Orraal* Wnkntu
and all reflex allntata. " ~ •
■ Those Csdlng It lnconvesient or Im-
possible to call la person should write
a fall aad complete description of their
ry-xptcma.'^ Their letters will receive
r..y prompt and careful attention. - All
con*u!t*tlon trtrletly confidential; ■ •
2£y Colored Chart, explaining men's
diseases, is helpful In making a bom*
•SifignorU and Is free for the a* kin*. ■
Sly fees are fair; my cures
are permanent, and you can pay
me when satisfied that you are
wcIL • - ' - ' • . • ■ •
DR.O. C. JOSLEN
Cor. Xeaxny and ICazket Streets,
Private Entrance, 702, Market st.
Office Hour* — 9 a. tn. to 4:30 p. m.
aad 6:30 to £:30 p. ta. Sundays, 10
to 1 only. - •• •■
BRITT KEEPS
UP GOOD WORK
Sparring Partners Come In
for Fast Time When^ Jim
my Begins to Cut Loose
THE "SPIDER" PRESENT
Mr. Kelly Looks On While
the Plumber Boy Roughs
It in Various Clinches
Jlmmy Britt did not have an Or
pheum audience gazing on him with
admiration yeeterday, but. he worked
harder than he has ever labored on
anybody's stage. The select few who
were admitted within the Inner circle
of the exclusive gymnasium at the Seal
Rock House marveled as the plumber
boy banged and pounded away at his
sparring partners and gave rough
usage to the apparatus about the place.
Jimmy is becoming more at home at
the beach as the days flit merrily by.
"The man who started that bugaboo
about putting on weight out here is
crazy," says James. "Why, I can take
off as much as I like, but I am in no
hurry about that. That is the least
of my troubles. I will be better and
stronger this time than I ever was in
my life before."
The morning sprints through the
park are becoming- one of the joys
of Mr. Brltt's life now. He skims o^er
the ground like a colt and feels fresher
and stronger after each run than when
he started out. Then the plunge into
the broad Pacific acts as a tonic and
makes him feel like pummeling a dozen
men when he enters the gymnasium
for his strenuous work of the afternoon.
After a few preliminary whacks at
tha bag Frank Rafael was called out
to take his usual beating. Britt was
on his toes from the moment the first
round commenced, and during the four
periods he kept after his man without
letting up for an instant. He played
almost continually for the body and
paid particular attention to whipping
that right hand In at every opportun
ity.
"Spider" Kelly was on the scene to
administer a few words of advice and
tell Jimmy what was best to do. The
Spider could hardly conceal his emo
tions when the pace waxed fast and
he was shouting orders and going
through several kinds of gestures from
the side lines. At the end of the fourth
spasm Rafael was fagged out. for he
had come in for some rough usage and
had little time to recuperate.
One long round of wrestling and tug
ging In the clinches with "Tiv" Krel-
Ing was next served to the spectators.
Britt is playing this game all the time
now, and the pace increases each day. '
He wants to be prepared for Mr. Nel
son and his unrelenting ways in the
clinches, and figures that there is no
better way to make ready than to en
gage Kreling in such a bout every da>.
When his afternoon's work was at an
end Britt topped it off with another
plunge. He looks better each day, ano.
If he does hot overtrain should appear
at his Dest when he faces Nelson. He
will not take a day off to-day, though
It is Sunday. A large crowd is ex
pected. •< . . . . '.*-/--.-
Britt posted his $2000 forfeit yester
day with Harry Corbett, the stake
holder. One thousand dollars of this
guarantees that he will be on hand at
the appointed hour and the remaining
thousand that he will make 182 pounds,
the stipulated weight.
Contrary to expectations, Battling
Nelson buckled down to hard work
yesterday at his training" quarters at
Smiling Metzner's tavern. Larkspur.
It was programmed for Nelson to take
affairs easily until next week, but the
Dane became restless and went to
work with a will. In the evening after
a brisk rubdown Bat tipped the
scales at 134 pounds after his strenu
ous day. Bat was out ■ on the road
early in the morning and took a spin
over the hills to Mill Valley. He re
turned looking as fresh as a daisy.
In the afternoon he spent an hour, in
the gymnasium punching the bag,
throwing the medicine ball and pull-
Ing the weights. Four fast rounds
with Eddie Santry completed the day's
work.
SOLDIERS PLAY A TIE
GAME OX THE GRIDIRON
Kickers of Post Engage Twenty-First
Infantry Team In a Score
less StniKEle.
The football game between the* Pre
sidio post team and the team of the
Twenty-first Infantry at the Presidio
athletic grounds yesterday resulted in
neither side scoring. The game was
a fast one. The Twenty-first got the
kick-off and practically had the ad
vantage during both halves. Fumbles
on both sides were frequent.
In the second half the Twenty-first
Infantry had the ball twice within ten
yards of the goal and at this point
lost it. ...
The quarterback playing on both
sides was good and the interference
first-class.
Captain John B. , Schoeffel, Tenth
Infantry, was umpire; Dr. Thomas
Jefferson Strong was referee and Cap
tain George P. White was timekeeper.
About 1000 people were* in attend
ance, the majority being officers and
their families and enlisted men from
the PreFldio.
Ilaycs Valley Club Boxins.
The Hayes Valley Club's boxing
show at Woodward's Pavilion next
Tuesday will be given for the benefit
of the Bricklayers' and Masons' Union.
It* will differ from the ordinary benefit
In that the bill has been prepared with
a view to upholding the club's reputa
tion for good entertainments. A list
of the -bouts, all of which will posi
tively be fought. tell3 the kind of card
that ia to be exhibited. Here are the
bouts: Joe Carroll vs. "Southslde"
Jack O'Brien. Abe Label vs. John
Crowe. Jim Fox vs. Bill Johnson,
Chick Lawlor vs. Eddie Gallatln,
Charlie. Dunn vs. Young McClure, Jack
Bradley, vs. William McBride. Loren
Brown vs. "Tangle" McGovern." BJlly
Roche will referee. \
Kennel Man Disqualified.
John E. de Ruyter, Dr. W. P. Burn
ham, J. P. Norman and N. J. Stewart,
sitting as the Pacific Advisory Board
of the American Kennel Club, -met at
th* Occidental Hotel Friday evening
and disqualified S. Barnett of the Col
lege Kennels from hereafter showing or
exhibiting dogs in any of the- American
Kennel Club's shows In this country.
Barnett was convicted by ' the board
on a charge of having sold a puppy
fox-terrier dog under a" false pedigree.
Both men and ! women vrofe earrings
In ancient Rome. The latter were espe
cially extravagant ' Seneca wrote that
some earrings worn ,by. women 'were' so
costly that a 'single pair was .worth
the. revenue of a large estate.
rrlE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'SUNDAY; DECEMBER 11, 1904.
MILITARY MIN BEATEN OUT BY FOSSIL
Little Going Wins I
Family. CliJaifli
tnh'tt' :
ARCADE FINISHES THIRD
Billy Gal's Colt Wa
DispsBS of Sea Air
' anl Hooligan. ■
BT FRED E.;>IU"LHOL"LAN*D.
Fossil, the fame little brown gelding,
with is old side, . partner "Big Bill"
Knapp in the saddle, captured the
Family Club handicap' at Oakland yes
terday front a field of six other start
ers. Besides the $885 which' went to the
first horse from the "j 51000 stake, 'the
owners of Fossil, Parker 1 & Thwaites,
received the magnificent silver -cup
presented by the Family Club, of this
city. , ■ -'. ' .:
The stable of Walter Jennings re
ceived full" representation, for that
owner started three in the race — Gold
Money, carrying top weight, 116, Vesu
vlan and Arcade.. The entry was, of
course, favorite at odds of 3 to 2. Fos
sil, allotted 113 pounds, did not appear
to be In great demand, for his odds re
ceded from 2(*to 5 to 1. Military Man
and Bombardier, each quoted at 18 to
5 around post time, were accorded
steady support.
There is little to describe about the
race. Away fifth from the barrier,
Knapp took Fossil out in front, and
though brought to a hard drive as the
wire was approached by Helgesen on
Military Man, won by a neck.
Arcade easily disposed of Bombardier
for the small end of the purse. Vesu
vian, the runner-up for a' long way,
finally had to fall back. Gold Money,
piloted by Dominlck and the main reli
ance of the Jennings stable, got cut off
early and was not a .factor in the run
ning thereafter.
ATTENDANCE- IS LARGE.
The' attendance was large, mem
bers of the Family Club being con
spicuous by their yellow badges.bear
ing the words "The Family" printed
in black, the combination being the
colors of the Jockey Club. Perfect
weather conditions prevailed. The
tradk was slow and in places heavy.
Favorites had an awful time endeav
oring to reach .the wire first, Sad
Sam .of the entire assortment meeting
with success. The longest priced
winner of the afternoon was Inspec
tor Munro.
Inspector Munro was some time in
making good, but finally turned the
trick in the opening' seven-furlong
selling affair. A 16 to 1 shot, Frank
Sullivan brought him from ninth po
sition and then won almost easily
from Meistersinger. , Louis Ezell's
Trapsetter, backed from 25 to 10, only
lost the place by a nose. ; Budd Wade,
the favorite, under * Helgesen's brisk
riding, kept up well to the stretch,
where he faltered,* running fourth.
Billy Cahlll's Odd Fellow colt Yada.
with Davis in the saddle, Is "now a
full fledged member of society, for hs
defeated both Sea Air and Hooligan
in the puree event for two-year-olds.
Sea Air,- having Knapp as pilot, was
made favorite at 8 to 2. Hooligan had
second cdll, while C could be obtained
about Yada. It is possible that , the
favorite was best, for Knapp permit
ted his mount to be carried into the
poor going on the far turn and then
lost the rctee by less than a length.
Hooligan finished thlrd,,beaten a neck
for the place.
SAD SAM IS GREAT FORM.
Sad Sam ran circles/around his field
in the Futurity course selling fixture.
Ridden by Sherwood and an even
money favorite, he skimmed along
out in front and was only galloping at
the end, five lengths before Stilicho
and Sir Preston. Redan had some
early speed, though failing to carry
it far. % V.S
Neither Red Cross Nurse, the favor
ite, nor The Lieutenant, second choice,
gathered any. moss in the seven'fur
long selling run. fifth to.be decided.
While back, in the bunch the latter
fell with Michaels. Red Cross Nurse,
after being cut off near the half-mile
pole, never had a chance. Minder put
up a vigorous ride oh the 10 to 1 out
sider Mountebank, which outstayed
Mimo and scored by " 3eks- Chan -"• a
length. • Tom Ryan's Flaunt ran i a
bang-up third.
A mile and seventy yards, selling
event with a field of seven- 'starting
concluded the day's 6port.CQlonel-.Van
looked in a soft»sr>ot and at • S ; to; 6
received substantial support. North
West had one of: her g-ood days, for,
taking the Jead^p'h the back stretch,
she stepped tp .town three -. lengths
ahead of the first choice. Homage
ran third. >; '
TRACK NOTES:
Mickey McLaughlin will depart for
Hot Springs to-night, to ride nt , the
coming meeting to be held there.
Twenty- three books cut in, an =- In
crease of two over the last drawing.
Sad Sam was bid /up from, $600 to
$1000 by James Nell. , • ; ; .
. Xorth West, winner of the conclud
ing event, was bid up from $400 to
$700 by J. Hawke and secured.
The Burns & Waterhouse sale held
at Oakland track yesterday was a re
markably successful one. 'Twenty-one
yearlings brought J15.700, an average
of $714 per head, The star of the sale
was Prince Nap, knocked 1 down to the
bid of J. O. Keene for S2350.. Follow
ing are the prices obtained: Figami. ch.
c. by Figaro-Amida, $225, T.G. Fer
guson; Alberna, "b. f. by "Altamax-
Berna, $20\>, S. E. Kimberly; Tony
Girl, b. f. by. Efldje Joneg-Bit of Fash-
Ion, *375. Mrs. -Rollerie; Flgaretta,<b.
t. py Flgaro-Cosette, 1150, Slim Mc-
Namara; Dangerous Glrl.-b.tf.by Ed
din Jones-Dangerous Maid, $1000,.- W.
Murray; My-Dulcie, b.. f. by. Colonel
Wheeler-Dulcie Larondie, $50,. .-H.
Stcver; Boloman, b. c by -David
Tenny-EUa Boland, $350. D. S. Foun
tain;' Frolic, . ch. c. by Take Notice-
Happy Maiden. $800, F.;J. .O'Rourke;
Eiapa, b. c. by Take Notice-Hoolon.
$1250, A. Koenigsberg; Husan; br.. c.
by Eddie Jones-Humidity. $2100, C. F.
Patterson; First Lake, ch. f. by First
Tenor-Lake ; County, $200,
Aullfre;*'Madrl," ; b. f. by. Altamaxor
Take Notice-Madrlna,~,$2Q0, C. F.
Clark; .Ban, Boy,- ch.»c.' --by *Take. No
tice-Miss 'Ban., $175. W. Baird: Lesral
TO DELAY : BUYING IS UN-
PROFITABLE. :
San Francisco In nd values In-
crease • rapidly. , f . '
Read [■ tho , Real Estate bar-
gains' to-day and decide.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
-OAKLAND--. Saturday, Dec. 10. Weather fine'.. Track slow.
7g4g. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; Bellini*; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
l —HL H °r»e ana Owner. IWt St. *4 . M. K^ Btr. FlnT^ Jockey. I Op. ClT
Irl2 {? 8 P«<*t6r Munro. 3 (T. Fox).'. 99 5 -.:. 03 82 7 2 1 2tf F. SunIvan"'. W 10 .16
1^38 MelMerslnger, 5 (Wright).... 1D8 7 ... 4 % 4 1 2 1^2 ns Kun» ;.... 0 8
JiS Trapsetter. 3 (L. H. Eiell)... 00 a ... 5 1&3 n 12 3 1H Greenfield . 25 10
Jj>23 BuddWade, 0 (Baker Cy. S.). 105 1 ... 2 h 2 h 8 h 4 2 IHelgeaen .. 8-5 7-5
4k5S ?"K dea » a (J. Sturgeon) 106 12 ... 6 n 7 % 6 % 5 2 Rueaell ...~ 8 20
J6M Mr. Farnum. 4 (O. Wilson)^. 10O10 ... 3 2 5 2 4 h 0 4 Taylor .... 10 20
So? Au « 1 «. 0 (H. E. Magrtll) /. 104 6 ... 1 n 1 % 6 1 7 2% Travers ... 20-13
7433 Stunt«, 4(J. J, McAlester) . . . 108 8 ... 826h8 8 H. Michaels 13 20
-i',% Yo No Se - 6 (!>• Shane) 102 11 ... 72 » 9.9 W. Davis.. 5 1
Box Elder, 3 (J. J. Moran).. 9iJ 4 ... 10- 10 10 10 Moran .... 20 . 100
J.iS Wl8tar -*. 3 (Stockton Stbi;).. 101 8 ... 12 11 11 11 League ... 10 15
7436 Decoy, a (McMahon A Co.)... 105 3 ... 11 4 12 12 12 T. Park... SO 100
Time— :24}4. :*&%,. i:l6\b,-l:8Q. . At i>o«t 2% minutes. Off at 2:13. Munro, place, 6; show.
3. Melstersingor, place, 5-2: show, 1. Traroetter,. show, .11-5. Winner, br. c. by
Trentola-Clty Girl. Trained by O. A. Blanchl. Start food. Wnn drlvlnfj and roln-c
away. /Balance drlvlnff hard. The Inspector ran over the leaders the last port. Meis
terslnger ran his race. Trapsetter had to go the overland route. Budd Wade quit. Suk
oen came from far back. Mr. Farnum had speed. Aujjle quit. Yo ' No So rajv badly.
v\ Istarla cut off. ... : ' . •
7S4(J. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; puree; two-year-olds"; value tu first.' <325.
Injlfx Hoige and Owner. . Wt St. V4 . %• %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
7525 Tada (W. Cahlll) 105 -2 2 % 1 1%1 2 1 % W. Davis.. « O
7525 Sea Air (T. E. McLaughUn). 100 1 ... • 1 n 2-U 2 n 2 n W. Knapp. 8-5 8-2
(<541) Uoolltan (D. S. Fountain)... 102 8 ... 8 n S b 3 3 3 2W L. Fountain 8-5 11-5
(7507) Del Carina (R. A. Smith).... 110 6 ... 8 2 6 1%4 2 4 7 Laraen..... 4 5.
7517 Golden Idol (M. J. DaJy)...... 105 7 ... 7 2002 64-510 W. Daly... CO 100
7527 Fay Templrfon (G. Dodge).., 102-4 ... 4 1^46 62.68 McLa«hMn jBO 100
6784 Pearl Waters (O. F. Waters). 107 5 ... 5 2 7 20 7 80 7 30 Vickery ... BO 200
5C19 Pgddy Lynch (P. G. Lynch). 102 8 ... 8 8 8 8 E. Lynch.. B0 200
Time— :24%. :5oTl':l5»J. At post 3% mlnutts. Off at 2:42%. Tada, place. 7-5: show. 1-2.
• Air,, place, 3-5: show. 1-4. Hoollran,. show, l^J. • Winner, b. c. by Odd Fellow-N«llla
Mack. Trained by W. Cohlll. Start good. ■ Won all dirivinav Yada is a nice colt, but
It is doubtful if .<he was best. Sea Air was carried into the deep going on the . back *
.stretch and nearly anchored for & time. Hoollsan could not get up. Del Carina can't
beat this kind. . . : .
TB47. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; 3-year-old» and up; value to first. t323. ; V
Indtx Horse and Owner. IWtlSi. \i . H. %. etr. Fin. I Jockey. I Up. Cl.
7B31 Sad Sam) a (H. Green) 100 1 ..". 1 *4 1 4 - 1 4 15 Sherwood .. 1 9-10
• nOO Stilicho, 4 (T. G. Fer«ru»on).. 104 8 . . 6 2 6 4 5 1 .2 . «, Ti^vers ... 8 12
.&C2 Sir Preston. 4 (Scharetg) 108 2 ... S ip 1^3 n 3 % W. Davla.. 4 18-5
( 1 506) Redan, 6 (G. Strobel) 115 3 ... 2 2 2 4 4^40 Dominlck.. '8 12
<£W W. R. Condon. 4 (L. H. Erell) 112 7 ... 4 n 4 n 3 # C 3H Anderson .. 10 12 .
<C. 41) Yellowstone, 0 (W. P. Fine). 112 4 ... 5 2^5 Vi 6 2 Gil Calne 50 ICO -
747S Clausug. 4 (T. II. Ryan 4t Co.) 112 5 ... 8 6 7 6 7 4 -1 3 Jenkins ... 10 15
.... Gin Spray, a (R. de Neffe)... 104 10 ...10 10 10 8 2 O. Chandler 100 500
<528 Flo Manola, 3- (M. J. Daly) . . . 99 I! ... 7 2&0 4 91 9 2 W. Daly... 60 100
<477 Maxctta. 8 (J. J. Coalter)... 106 9 ... 9 3 8^8 H10 Bell 50 - 100
Time— :24, :48>4, 1:12. At fijst X>V» minutes. Off at 3:00. Sam. place, 11-20; show. 1-4.
. Stilicho, place, 7-5; show, 6-5. Preston, show, 2-6. Winner, ch. g. by Rancocaa-Heeley.
Trained by A. B. Pomeroy. Scratched— Peter J.* Bell Reed. Molto, Distributor. Start
good. Won easing up.- Balance driving.' Winner bid up from $e0O to 11000 by James
-N'fUI. but was retained. A gallop for the winner. Stilicho closed gamely from behind
Sir Preston ran his race. Redan quit. W. R. Condon ran a fair race. Clausus sharply
• cut oft at start. _ . ' ,.
73-is. FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles: Family Club handicap; 3-year-olds
and up; value to first, <8S5; cup to winner.
lj^d« Horse and Owner. . WtiSt. \i'. H. %. Sir. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl7
7530 Fossil, 4 (Parker' & Twhte) 113 5 1 1 1 % 1 % 1 1%1 n l W. KnappT. 8 6
7024 Military Man, 8 (Ferguson).. 100 2 3 J i 3 «4 3 n 32.2 1H Helgesen .. 4 18-5
7012 Arcade. 4 (W. B- Jennings).. 104 3 4 1 4 h 4 2 5 3 3 1% W. Davis.. 7-5 3-2
7530 Bombardier. 3 (F. Skinner).. 1M 4 5 !i 5 n 5 ! 4 ij 4 h H. Michaels 5 18-5
7530 Vesuvian, a (W. B. Jennings) 109 7 2n 2n 22 2n"55 Mirtder •■ •
7484 Gold" Money. 4 (Jennings).. 116 I 6 7 B 10 6 10 6 15 « 15 Dominlck .. • ' •
(7476) Dlvlna. 5 (El Prlmero Stable) 106 6 7 7 7 7 7 Travers .... 10 10
Time— :24%, :50, l:15ii. 1:41%, 1:4S%. At post \i mlpute. Oft at 3:32Vi. Fossil, place.
8-5; show, 7-10. Man, place. 7-5; show, 3-6. Arcade, show, 1. Winner, br. g. by
Fresno- Fairy stone. Trained by A. B. Pomeroy. Scratched 1 — Modicum, -Whoa BUI, An.
anlas, Claude.- * "Coupled • with Arcade. Jennings entry coupled in betting, place, 1-2:
show, 1-5. Start good. Won all driving. Fossil enjoyed good racing luck and stood
. a hard drive". Military Man nicely ridden; had no excuses. 'Arcade is no wonder.
Bombardier at his best In mud. Gold Mbney cut oft on two or three occasions. Dtvlna
refused to break and got away lengths behind the field. . \
7B40. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Infltx^' Horse and Owner. WtjSt. *l.~l£ %iT»U^f\9, I Joc»w I Op. cT7
7.116 Mountebank, a (Keating) 109 5 2n ! y, 2 1«1 n 1 % Minder.../ 6 . 10
7523 Mlmo. 4 (P. Sheridan) .109 111 1 1 %1 •« 2 2.2 h Helgesen 6 9
7523 Flaunt, a (T. H. Ryan)...:.. 10-t 8 6 2 0 2 8 % 4 1^3 4 Travers ... 19 .-^-15
7520 Major Tenny, 5 (Piedmont St) 104 10 10 10 > 9 8 3 43 J. Kelly... 15 20
7513 Hlpponax, a (A. C. D?an) 109 7 7 % 8 h 7 %i 3 % 6 1 W. Knapp 6 10
(7504) Waterspout, 3 (R. A. Smith).. ICO 2 4%92 62 72 6 2% Greenfield 20 . 25
7508 Educate. C.(S. A. Hoppas)... 101 3 3 1 3 h 5 n 6 1 7 n F. Sullivan 20 30 .
751!O R. C. Nurse, 3 (Molera & J) 102 U94Bn83» 8n W. Davis.. 3 . . ' .8 ;<
7C26 Bronte Wing.- 6 (Fountain).. 100 6 5 h 4 h 4 Ui5 2 9 L. FounUn 5 . 6
7537 iThe Lieutenant; 3 (H. Stover) 105 4 8 % 7 h Fill |H. Michaels 4 16-5
Time— ;24%, :49\. l:ieU. 1:29%. At post 2% minute*. Off at 4:01. Mountebank, place,
4; show. 2. Mimo, place. 3; show, 9-5. Flaunt, show, 3. Winner, ch. g. by 'Montana-.
' Pert. Trained by W. Keating. Scratched — Scotsman, Hugh McGowan, Follow Me. Start '
good. . Won in a drive of three.v Winner received a perfect -.ride. . Too far for Mlmo.
Flaunt went the overland route, ; Major Tenny cut oft at start. • Red Cross Nurse inter-'
fered with by Bionza Wing at half mile pole. .. -' •
7550. SIXTH RACE— rOne mile arid seventy yards; selling; three^-year-olds and * up; $325.
Jndexl Horse and Owrter. ■"■ ■ IWttiSg. >4. *A- %• rttr. Fin. | I Oy. C>.
TilitT "North West. 3 (J. Clifford).. 96 15 2 1 h 13 12 13 |R. Butler.. |~ 5 15-2
7022 iColonel Van. 6 (F. Whitman). 105 3 4h 4h 21^2 1.22 IRussell ... 2 / 876
753S 'Horns Ke, 6- (M. Stephenson). 102 4 . 3 1>£3 2 5n 3 1 8 l^lW. Davis. . 3 lS^-B
-r.29 iBrennus. 4 (S. Judge & Co).. HI 7 6 % 6 4 4 2.4^4 2%!Helgesen .. .- 6 15-2
7634 Step Around. 4 (Mrs. Boyle).. 9* 2 lh 3n (13 5 2-6« )F. Sullivan « 7
7432 Glenrice, 4 (Fittgarald &. Cree) 103 57 7 7 6486 IW. Knapp 6 8
7522 Vuleain, a.(L. H. Ezetl). .. .. . 101 6 2 l» y j2 2 3 n 7 7 [Barrett .... 30 ; 50
Time— :24»}{. :49»i7T:16H. I:**. l-49. ; At post 1^ minutes. Off at 4:25. West, place, 5-2;
show, 6-5.' Van. place, 1-5; show, 2-5. Homage, show, 7-10. Winner,- br. f. by Mon
tana-Nina M. Trained by J. F. Clifford. Scratched — Foxy Grandpa, Briers, Maud Mul
ler. Start gcOd. . Won handily. Balance driving. Winner bid up from $400 to $700 by
J. Hawke and sold. North West ready to-day. Colonel Van did his best. Not muddy
enough for Brtnnus. Step Around has bad lees. Gtenrlce.no speed,. ,'.";„ i '*
ELIE DEVELOPS A SUDDEN BURST OP SPEED
NOSES LUCKETT OUT IN THE PACIFIC HANDICAP
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 10.— The Patlflc
handicap was ;the feature of a good
card at Ascot to-day, and the biggest
Saturday crowd of the season was In
attendance. Favorites fared fairly well,
three of the six finishing ahead of their
fields. The second went to a 4 to 1 shot,
the fourth v/as taken. at 6 to 1 and the
fifth at 3 and 4 to 1." !"
Gold Rose was made'a prohibitive fa
forite for. the first at 1 to 4 and won
with ease from El Otros. Maggie Mack
ey waB third.
Tyrollan was played strongly to win
the second, but finished behind El Chi
huahua and The Major in the order
named. Hildebrand and Truebell were
fined ,?10 each In this race for rough
riding.
Mad Mullah won the third all th».
way, Potrero Grande second, Lustig
third. ..' \ : * ' ; '
The fourth was the j Pacific handicap,
with five starters, every 'one of which
looked to have a chance. Brags was
made favorite, with Hans Wagner sec
ond choice." Luckett led;' roost of thu
way, but was beaten out ; In the final
drive by Elie, with Hans Wagner third.
Bragg sulkediail the way and was nev
er seriously in the running.
Hilona; at ; 3 to- 1, won the fifth from
Homebred, -with Mart Gentry, the fa
vorite, third. * : •-. -■'■'■
The last race was one of the biggest
betting events of the day. - Merwan,
Ignacio, Invictus, Dutiful; Erne and the
others -being backed heavily. Merwan
went to the nost favorite and led all
the way,' beating out- Inylctus by a
head, with Ignacio a" head r behind the
second horse. It was one of the most
exciting finishes seen here. Ignacio
pulled up lame.
J Weather fine, track fast. Summary.
First race, five furlongs— Gold Rose.
110 : (E. Walsh), 1 to ; 4, : won ; \ El .Otros,
113 (Hlldebran'd),'4 tol. second; Maggie
Mackey, 100 (Kent), 40 to 1, third. Time.
1:01/ Manera, Tim Hurst and- Slnicado
also ran."
Second race, selling. Slauson course-
El Chihuahua, 108 (Truebell). 7 to : 2.
won; The Major. 106 (Fuller). 2 to 1,
second: Tyrollan, 95 (Hildebrand), S to
6, - third. .; Time. 1:10%. ; Miss Provo.
Tom o' Shanter and Cloverton also ran.
Third race, selling, seven furlongs—
Form.tb.-. c. , by Eddie Jones-Mortgage,
S375." T.'McLaughlm; . Prince Nap, br.
c.'by Eddie Jones-Napamax,; $2250, J.
O.. Keene; My Pal, b. c. by Eddie
Jones-Polomaclta, $550. W. R. Eng T
strom; Sea ; Lad, , b. - c. by Figaro-Sea
Bass, $ 250, J.' Havalaw; Mendocino, b.
c. by Altamax-Sonomis, . $1700, C. F.
Fatterson; VWar.. Wheel, : ch.l c. by Col
onel 7 Wheeler-Spainwar, $2000. >C. IF.
Patterson : ■ Rosearo, ; b. 4 f . , by Figaro-
Sweet Rose,' $275,- W^R- Engstrom;
Talamund, • b. t c.'- by .'Altamax-Talluda/
$1100, T.'E.'McLaughlin; Fldla, b. c.
by|Flgaro-Claudla f T, t the \ property of
Thomas' Fox : of : Sacramento, ■'% went r to
the btd.of;w.';Cahlll ; for, $225;'
Mad Mullah, 110 (Tooman), 4 to 6, won;
Potrero Grande, 95 (McDaniel), 7. to 2,
second; Lustlg,. 107 (Dugan), 9 to 1,
third. Time, l:28Vi', Ascetic also ran.
Fourth race,'* Pacific handicap, one
mile— Elie. 97 (Miller), 5 to .1, won;
Luckett, 102 (J. Hennessey), 7 to 1, sec
ond; Hans Wagner, 105 (E.. Walsh), 9
to 5, third. Time, 1:41?4. Buglehorn and
Bragg also ran. ; . • » ,
: Fifth race, selling. Slauson course—
Hilona, 80 (McDaniel), 3 to 1. won;
Homebred, 85 (Miller), 12 to 1, second;
Mart Gentry, S5 (Mortality), 2 to 1,
third. • Time,. 1 :«)%.• Riceful, Chief Alo
ha; Flora Bright, Nanon and Rqse of
Hilo also ran. - ' - ' -.
-Sixth race, selling, one mile and a
sixteenth— Merwan, 105 (Lawrence), 5
to 2, woni Invictus, 98 (Kent), 4 to 1,
second; Ignaclo. 103 (Booker), 3 to 1,
fhlrd. Time, 1:48%. Iras, Bluerldge,
Erne, Dutiful and Needful also ran.
Bowling Matches Postponed.
• Tho numerous Scottish bowlerswho
went to the 'green at the park yester
day afternoon for , their weekly games
were doomed to disappointment. For
the first time this year the sign "green
closed" was up and a good day's sport
was' lost. The 'rinks could have 'been
played upon despite the wet condi
tion of the grass and -earth,' but the
players last year learned a. lesson in
regard to this. ' They .used the green
when it was soft and it had to be
closed for weeks.
APVEBTASiatlEXTS.
weak men;
a sia Eoazs tssatmeht vr.hu i
For 10 days' trial and approval.* -
soic why »y us /%i$jS\ 'j^ O^*^ Perfected
i 3 jdJ&Pm ]/r Vacuum treat-
\ n ' rv!!&&t£ mcst wI!1 De vei- #
3 hfa '&L'"&l of O op New Life and
1 WJ&JfrJ 'P»g5 tncriy and
5 &ix!&r*:iM"% the Flrc ani
7 >«2«iTflf?r *E3P- " lf * lso
•* &C * UARE *!**!■ • cnly P o • 1 1 1 v e
J ■rarnSfliSFz.MvB 3 5 m * > *n«Vnown
uummuMi ■■ « • i-wcn win fuiiy
enlarge and completely develop the . organs.
Used with our Soluble .Medicated Ure-
thral Crayons, quickly cures all drams or
discharges, -Stricture.* Premature Decay,
weak or irritable Prostate Gland, etc.
For Varicocele we combine our special
SUSPENSORY and C0MPBE330B, Don't
fall to investigate this. Our physicians
are known to be strictly reliable and ex-
perienced . specialists - and cure . B&OO8
POISON and all diseases of men by mod-
ern methods. We want every WBAK or
Ulf DE VEIiOPBD ' man ' to - call * for free
demonstration f or^ write' for i most J inter-
esting and instructive -illustrate!! 100-
page book. It fully explains our remark-
able Wacuum" Treatment. - Sent securely
sealed.' free.. Hours' 9-9. Sunday 10-1; - '
VACTHmC APPZ.IANCS CO.. 6 OTUIIQ.
TRACK IS FIT
FOR AUTO KING
Barney Oldiield Is Ready
for the Signal to Start
Against World's Records
INSPECTS THE COURSE
Crack Drivers of Automo
biles and Motor Cycles
to Race for Supremacy
Nothing short of a rainstorm this
afternoon will prevent the automobile
and motor cycle* races at Ingleside
track. Barney Oldfleld inspected the
course yesterday and found the sandy
bottom had absorbed the moisture as
it fell and was In better shape for rec
ord time than a year ago. In case of
rain this morning the expedient of
ii, J 1 * 500 gallons of oil on the surface
will be resorted to. and the racing will
go on as advertised. A full list of
events with entries is appended. Old
fteld and Charlie Burman monopolize
the best part of the programme, but
the events for -other riders and drivers
will be of interest. All roads for*-autos
will Jead to Ingleside this afternoon.
The entries: ./■
Motor cycles, ten-mile open— W. C.
Cain, E. Thompson. F. E. Carroll, D
F. Fjsh..D.< WilkevS. K. Crocker and
Ij. Beachy.
Motor cycles, five-mile handicap— j.
F. Wright,. 11. H. Hammond, H.
Anthony, George H. "Woodward. M. C.
Fink, F. H. Puck, I. R. Llnd, W. C.
Cain. E. Thompson. F. E. Carroll, D.
F. Fish. D. Wllkes, S. K. Crocker and
L. Beachy.
f Wlnton tourincr cars, two-mile open—
M.' L. Rossnfeld, Auto Livery Com
pany, Morrison and Rowell .and H. L.
Morrison. -*-, x .-
Stock cars In touring condition cost-
In % S1000 and under, two-mile open —
Sunset Auto Company vs. The Queen
car. . ' V
Charlie Burman, exhibition five miles
In- "Blue Streak."
Barney. OldfleM. exhibition mile
against record of :ol 1-5 in Peerless
"Oreen Dragon."
• Five-mile handicap, Oldfleld vs. Bur
man.
'' Barney .Oldfleld, exhibition twenty
five, milts against record.
Officials: Referee, L. P. Lowe;
starter, H. Blakeslee; judges — Max
Hosenfeld, H. L. Morrison and H. Grin
nell; timers — E. E. Peabody, C. Matie
son and William Roche; clerk, of
course, Henry D. Cashman; announcer,
George Dlxon.
Gaelic Games To-Day.
The Gaelic Athletic Association will
hold a hurling and football tourna
ment this afternoon at the 'Presidio
athletic grounds. The proceeds will
be given over to, the Irish language
fund- . The comp'etlng teams In the
hurling game will be the Independ
ents and the Emmets. A lively game
is anticipated. The feature of the
day's sport will . be* a football game
between "the. Parnells and the Wolfe
Tcnes. The Parnells hold the cham
pionship of the coast and will put
on their usual team for to-morrow's
game. Their competitors are con
sidered their most dangerous rivals.
The grounds will be open at 1 o'clock.
The hurling game Is billed for 1:30
p, m. and the football game will com
mence not later than 3 o'clock.
INSPECT COt-'XTT HOSPITAL.— The mem
bers of the Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday paid u visit of inspection to the
Ccuntj- Hospital, and found numerous Improve
ments therein. The rum of $9600 has bean
spent for new quarters for nurses and In
painting and improved plumblnr. The com
mittee expressed satisfaction at the appearance
of the Institution.
New Navy for Brazil.
RIO JANEIRO, Dec. 10.— The Sen
ate to-day passed to a final rending
the bill authorizing the Government
to build twenty-eight war vessels.
Another Well - Known California
Lady Kept Off the Operating Table
by the Wonderful New
,"-**"' " * * T,O>'i2^V^ MRS. BHEWSTER IN SPBAKINO OF HER
j^^^^^P-^ : ljJwP^l^^sSfe. * ' < '5 '"'- suffered with an awful pain in tha lower left
' •' . '<** ' Jmlf'*&&Tfftft*!y&}- *~*'**'^-y aroun'l t"v th* back anj sonse times r.farly
: , " * -* 'j£??AXS&[l£ii&.. 3*-.S - • ' -. up to the heart. Mv suffering was ao treat
' . '^^HHHM^K^Sj^Wiyfei*-. v ; ■ - ; . > ' ~ : ■ ' that my central health wa» aSecteJ anj I
■■■■■■■■."•■'■.■ Jf$BSMB?§'$»'~i* went to San Pranciaco and was examined "by
- '" < SS^^wl'''"" • - •'"•' Ke5& i '"X't-'S". ' one ot th * l«»dlng surgeons of th« city. Thl»
iky*' "■'■■ ■■■■■.£ '^^^^3h>' '-''l.-< ' ' *'^ : iBllMF JalaaiSI-f! sursecn told me that I had a "floating kidney"
strors-r with every treatment and the a.trrul
j« >^^^ti, V- x v*- < .'yI£fr- *?'^-*^ : fc^yB*nflMS^^'' > - — 1"^' "- specialists acivlje'l rr.e to u«e a lltt!* mor*>
y^ r -T *ic ? y^^^SSs^ '^SSp^tff*'*^ ******* "^**^-*y 4 home treatment In orl**r that all of the io-
BKK^^aSssnnT^XTVl S^>^i domlnal orjfir.s shrmld be «tr*ncth«-ned and I
Ks^^^-3B|>*gl^^aMy^->Y»^gBsajyjKy4 followed their advle- in the matter an'l have
• ~ year*. Signed
MRS. O. W. imEWSTEB, MRS. O. VT. BRJLAV tfrXK.
■ ra»o Roble». Cal. - Paso Bcbtes. Cal.
CONSULTATION TCi^ T^ X^ ¥j^
EXAMINATION * *V *^ A^
Any one roffsrlnjr from any of the f ollowlaar diseases la cordially faiTlted to *»"
at tbe Blectro-Chealo laatltate. 118 Grant avenue. Baa Praaolaco. for free ecn-
raltatlon and ezaml-aatloa. Tbe Electro-Chemic treatment Is th« mom sdentlllo
and tie most sncoessfal treatment known lor the core of Consumption. Catarrh.
Asthma.' Bronchitis, gartunatlara. V euralirla. Loccmotor AUxla, ralllar llekness.
* Bvllspsy. Olzslnos, Headaches. Spots before the Xye». Tilt*, rissnre. ristnla.
Stricture. Prostatltts. Znnamsatlon of tie Bladder. ■ Tarloooele. JTerre Exhans*
tlon. Caneersr Tumors, Old Bores. Weak meart. Palpitation. Shortness of Breath.
Znsoauxla. Blood Folson. Skin Diseases. Eciema. Ooltrc. • Swollea. Jolats. Weak
", Back. Kidney Diseases. Srlfht's Disease. DUbetes. Special Diseases of Women—
Zrrerularitles., Displacements, Conffestloa. etc, etc.
HOME TBEATMENT— The Electro.ChemJc home treatment te most succesifaL It Is
. alwars- advisable.' when the patient can arranse to do so, to visit the InsUtutefpr personal
consultation end. examination. If this is impossible, a abort description of the principal
■• rtWdin » h^ «ami P n.tlon. and tfeatmS
THE ELECTRO- CHEMIC INSTITUTE
1 18,; GRANT AVE,, Cor. POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO
TABLES TURNED
ON GUN THIEF
George In^ersoll Tries to
Sell a Stolen Weapon
and Meets With Surprise
OFFERS IT TO OWNER
Harry Strock Lends the
Article to Charles Calson
and Third Man Steals It
George W. Ingersoll was the victim
of peculiar circumstances yesterday
which landed him in the City Prison
on a charge of petty larceny. After
stealing a shotgun he was uncon
sciously directed back to tha owner
of the firearm for the purpose of mak
ing a sale, where a policeman took him
In charge. The story of the theft and
effort to realize on the stolen prop
erty ia Interesting.
Early yesterday afternoon Charles
Calson of 69 Vermont street resolved
to go hunting to-day. He had no gun.
but remembered that his friend, Harry
Strock, a saloon-keeper at 660 Fourth
street, had one. When Calson asked
for the loan of the firearm Strock
readily complied and Calson .started
off with the weapon in tho direction
of his home. On the way he was ac
costed by Inersoll. who asked permis
sion to relieve Calson of tho weight
of the gun. Calson consented, but
when he reached his gate he observed
that Ingersoll and the gun were dis
appearing In an opposite direction.
Unable to capture the thief. Calson
reported the matter to the police.
Last night Ingersoll took the gun
to a saloonman at the corner of Third
and Townsend streets and offered It
for sale. This saloonman was not a
sportsman and suggested that a visit
be made to his friend Harry Strock
on Fourth street, where the weapon
might be disposed of. When Inger
soll arrived at Strock's place the pro*
prietor recognized his property and
called In Policeman Frank Fontana.
Calson was then sent for and tha
charge of petty larceny made.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 10.— Results of
to-day's races:
First race, six furlongs— Jerry Hunt
won. Daisy* Green second. Floral
Wreath third! Time. 1:22 2-5.
Second race, five furlongs— Vlona
won, Tolness second, Mellta third.
Time, 1:07.
Third race, seven furlongs—^No
Trumper won. Fern's Rod second. Sig
nal Light third. Time. 1:59.
Fourth race, the Preliminary Derby,
six furlongs— Trapper won, Matador
second. Ranger third. Time, 1:21.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth—Lura
llghter won. Dan McKenna second,
Rankln third. Time, 2:03 2-5.
Sixth race, mile and five furlongs —
Aladdin won, Georre Vivian second,
Burke Cockran third. Time. 3:11 2-5.
Carries Northern Mail.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, Captain" Dowdell, which
sailed yesterday for Honolulu, carried
the Canadian mails, which hitherto
have been taken from Victoria by tha
ocean liners running out of the north
ern port. The Alameda carried a full
cargo and among her passengers were:
Miss M. Barry. E. A. Berndt, Mrs.
Berndt, Mrs. Andrew Brown, Mrs. J.
T. Campbell, H. H. Dempsey, William
Dunn, Mrs. Dunn. Misa J. Dunn. F.
Fawler, W. Furner. A. W. Gosa, R. G.
Henderson. A. Herbert. Mrs. Herbert,
J. Hind, E. A. James. F. G. Krauss. J.
Knight. Mrs. Knight. R. C. Lydecker,
Mrs. J. Melnecke. Miss Patterson, Miss
M. A. Phillips, W. J. Robertson. Lieu
tenant E. H. Stutz. V. L. Tenney. D.
M. Turner. W. L. Vellenoweth. E. A.
von Arnswald, Miss N. B. Winston.
ADVERTISEMENTS.AD\^EKTISEM^ EXTS.
AND THE ENTIRE SYSTEM RE-
STORED TO PERFECT
HEALTH
Dr. J. J. McKanna's Treatment Permanently Cures the
Liquor Habit and Corrects the Kidney, Bladder, Stom-
ach, Heart and Nervous Troubles Caused by
Alcoholic Stimulants
My treatment of the Liquor Habit per- dies sent through the mail or by express,
mar.er.tly cures the disease of Alcoholism without the knowledge of the patient's
er.d restores every organ to perfect condition, which can only be ascertained
r,~,lfv ' by personal examination, are rarely sue-
r-2l»iS^S HabIt , ls h a ,, dIsea f ; Th .e The Liquor Habit is treated in my san-
persistent use of alcoholic stimulants itariums by scientific methods. Each
produces a diseased condition of the en- case is diagnosed individually and treat-
tire human organism, of which the crav- ed according to its symptoms. I guar-
isg fcr liquor is the chief symptom It antee my treatment to cure the Liquor
also oau«?p«i di«;«»a««><i nf thA Ktomarh Habit in all its stages. JJy treatment
t u^r^ t-^ . «? L w ♦ St ° m * ch * does not necessitate a long residence in
Liier, Kidneys, Bladder. Heart and Ncr- a sanitarium. The patient reports for
vous System. My treatment absolutely treatment at stated intervals for three to
removes the craving- for liquor and re- seven days and is his own master the re-
stores perfect health to all organs of the mainder of the time. I have a private
body. I guarantee my treatment to ab- sanitarium In the residence portion of
splutely and permanently remove the de- San Francisco where patients, if they so
sire for liquor. desire, may spend these few days in per-
My treatment is free from hypodermic feet privacy. The remainder of the treat-
injections with their attendant dangers, ment is a tonic to be taken at home.
Thousands of lives have been wrecked I will gladly give to any inquirer the
by the use of hypodermic injections in names and addresses of numerous San
the treatment of Alcoholism. My cures Francisco patients whom I have cured of
are effected entirely by the use of inter- the Liquor Habit.
r.al remedies assimilated into the system Prominent old line life insurance com-
throuph the stomach, the natural chan- panies will issue policies on the lives of
nel. My treatment is the only one which men who have taken my treatment,
will effect permanent cures and is abso Employes discharged for drunkenness
lutely harmless. It cures the craving- for are reinstated by many prominent com-
, drink, builds up the system and restores mer'.-ial houses after taking my treat-
mcntal and physical health. ment.
Ecne Treatment Cannot Care ilcohol- I am especially desirous of patients
isso.. — The drink habit presents as many whom other treatments have failed to
and diverse symptoms as does any other cure. I guarantee my treatment to per-
rfispage to which the human flesh is heir, manantly cure any case of alcoholism,
Kach case requires separate treatment, no matter how many other treatments
according to its symptoms. The man in have failed.
the midst cf a spree needs different If you are a victim of the Liquor
treatment from the so-called moderate Habit or if some member of your family
ririr.ker. who only takes a few drinks a is a slave to Alcoholism you should in-
day, and the man with delirium tremens vestigate my treatment at once. Cail or
ne«?ds a heroic treatment at once. The write to-day. '
fame treatment cannot be successful in All of my offices are open at all hours
fill of these cases. Consequently, reme- of the day and night.
DR. J. J. McKANNA,
14 Geary St., San Francisco. Phone Main 1037
PRIVATE APARTMENTS FOR LADIES
AUCTION SALES
fe 50 — 50 £5*
AUCTION SALE
50 heaiToFhorses
Welshing from 1100 to 1400.
BROKEN AND HALTER BROKEN.
These horse* are yov.ns, biocky built and
*uiU;b"e fcr fII purposes.
From FRANK ADAMS' RANCH. MER-
RILL.. OREGON.
Sale Tiket Place THURSDAY EVENING,
DEC. 15, 1904, at 7:43.
At Salesyard. 1732 MARKET ST.
Horse* at yarl Tueeday. Send lor catalogue.
FRKU H. CHASE & CO.,
Successors to Kiliip & Co..
Livestock Auctioneers.
fe
AUCTION SALE
Od WEDNESDAY, December 14, at II a. o.
ARCADE IIORKE MARKET, 227 SIXTH st.
Ey order of the OverJand Freight and Traas-
r«- Conpacy 1 will t*U a lot of condemned
horse? and mares; all Rood workers and welch
from I3<iO to l'JOO pounds: alsj 12 iivjI-e. young
and sound; also 7 Cm -class saddle and <iriv-
lT.g horses Irom one of the largest riding
academies in the city: horse* can be seen at
cur Et&bltt any t'me before sale day.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctior^er.
jfch £*,
By order of A. SILVEY of Los Gates Dairy
I will fell his entire etock of 29 horses. 30 sets
llarn«»s, Weponr, Buggi*". Carts. TUESDAY
I>c\ U. 11 a. m.. at 1U0 FOLSOM ST. Wll'
CLOrGH. Auctioneer.
Will Give Banjo Recital
Alfred A. Farland, the renowned
banjo'.st, who was well received here
on his previous visits, arrived from
Denver last evening and will give a
recital at Steinway Hall next Tuesday
evening. The programme which he lr
to render includes selections from
Mendelssohn. Pagunini. Chopin, Da
Beriot, Beethoven and other famous
composers.
MEN'S AND BOYS'
Sweaters and Jerseys
Best values Cl t\f\ * n ce t\t\
In the city 4>I'UU 10 $5.00
Largest Assortment
LADIES' and GIRLS'
SWEATER-JACKETS
Patterns IpO.pU lO «p/.3O
SWEATER-JACKETS
Fr^r£g, b ,, $1.25 to $2.50
UlMDERWEARforMenandWoinen
HOLIDAY CIFTS A J> J| < )|AjBwJ
SPORTING GOODS V, V I %/ Q? Mr %/
ATHLETIC SUPPLIES KN IHfTING CO.
. 60 Geary Street, San Francisco
MERCHANDISE ORDERS Open ZTtalars TXntU Christmas.
FIELD TRIALS
OUTLOOK GOOD
Quail Are Keported Plenti
ful and 3Taiiy Sporting
Dogs Are in Training
At a meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Pacific Coast Field Trials
Club, he'd yesterday, it was resolved
that the all-age stake, nomlntions
for which close on the lath lnst., be
open to all Betters and pointers that
have ne\-er won first in any open all
age stake in any recognized field trials,
prior to this season. Nominating fee,
$10, with $10 additional to start, pay
able on the night of the drawing. All
entrance money goes to the purse, 50
per cent to first, 30 per cent to second
and 20 r>er cent to third. In addition a
handsome trophy will be presented to
each winner.
The Pacific Coast champion stake
entries for which close immediately
after the conclusion of the all-age
stake, and which is open to all setters
and pointers that have won first, sec
ond or third prizes in any recognized
field trials, promises to fill with six to
eight entries of the best dogs on the
coast. In addition to a cash prize the
owner of the winning dog will receive
the champion stake cup donated by
W. S. Tevis.
The grounds reserved for the club's
trials, which will be held in January,
are being: patrolled and shooting: there
on is prohibited. The birds are being:
fed and are reported plentiful, and cov
er is said to be Rood. The coming
trials premise to be the most success
ful ever held. ..,,;:»
Information and entry blanks may be
had by calling upon or addressing the
secretary, Albert Betz, 201 Parrott
buildingr, this city.
AD VERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 11, 1904.
MEDICOS WIELD
RACKETS WELL
Three Doctors Figure in a
Lively Practice Set on
California Club Courts
BIG TOURNAMENT ENDS
Miss Ida Mearus and Miss
Vera Crocker Carry Off
Cup After Spirited, Play
The tennis courts of the California
Club were in great demand yesterday
afternoon. The best match of the day
wa? that in which Dr. Sumner Hardy
and Harry Rolfe beat Dr. Hill • and
Dr. M. C. Chesney. Only one set was
played, but it was an extremely long
one. The score was 9-7. Another
good doubles was that in which Carl
Gardner and Dr. Hill beat Harry
Rolfe and Grant Smith. The score
was 11-9. 7-5.
Dr. Younger and W. S. MacGavin,
two veterans, caused quite a surprise
by playing a tie with Will Taylor and
Arthur Chesebrough. Gus Taylor and
F. Xourse had an easy time beating
Sidney Salisbury and Orville Pratt.
The latter failed to get a set out of
three.
In the continuous tournament one
match was played. Moulton Warner,
who was at the head of the third class,
was beaten by George Cutter. The
scores follow: Harold Gabriel tied
Melville Long, S-6, 7-9; Grant Smith
beat Harry Rolfe, 6-4; T. Black beat
Gus Lisser, 6-4; Carl Gardner beat
Rolfe, 6-1: Dr. Hill and Gardner beat
Rolfe and Smith, 11-9, 7-5; Arthur
Chesebrough and Will Taylor tied W.
S. MacGavin and Dr. Younger, 7-5,
2-6: Dr. McChesney and Gardner beat
Rolfe and Smith, 6-3; Gus Taylor and
F. Nourse beat Sidney Salisbury and
Orville Pratt. 6-4. 6-3, 6-2; Rolfe and
Sumner Hardy beat Drs. Hill and Mc-
Chesney, 9-7; Du Val Moore and M.
Long tied H. Gabriel and Judge,
Troutt, 6-6; William Johnson beat Ed
Bacon, 7-5; Philip and Baldo Ivanco
vich beat Dr. Lovegrove and Walter
Hunter, 10-8. 6-0.
The three-time silver loving cups,
which have been competed for many
times on the park courts, were finally
disposed of yesterday. Miss Ida
Mearns and Miss Vera Crocker carried
off the trophies, winning them twice
consecutively. They won them the
first t'me in September.
The final match was one of the
closest and most stubbornly contested
ever seen on the park courts.
The semi-final round was produc
tive* of another close and interesting
contest. In it Miss Vodden and Miss
Myer beat Miss Weed and Miss Van
Vlict. The scores follow:
Miss Mearns and Miss Crocker beat
Mrs. Watson and Miss Worcester by
default; Miss Bessie Cully and Miss A.
Greenberg beat Miss G. Noble and
Miss L. Smith, 6-1. 6-2; Miss A. Vod
den and Miss G. Myer beat Miss Vera
Beyfuss and Miss E. Hess by default.
Semi-finals — Miss Mearns and Miss
Crocker beat . Miss Cully and Miss
Greenborp, 6-3. 7-5; Miss Vodden and
Miss Myer beat Miss Dorothy Weed
and Miss Van Vliet. 6-4. 2-6. 6-4.
Finafs — Miss Crocker and Miss
Mearns beat Miss Vodden and Miss
Myer, 5-4. 5-7. 11-9.
CORRIGAX GOES EAST
TO PLEAD HIS CAUSE
Master of Hawthorne Is Anxious to
Form an Alliance With the
Jockey Club.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10.— Ed Corrigan.
master of Hawthorne, left to-day for
New York. When asked if he was to
meet the governing body of the Jockey
Club and form an alliance with the
eastern organization, Corrigan refused
to make specific reply, but left the im
pression that that was his mission. It
is learned from an authoritative source
that Corrigan will form in the interest
of track owners who have been forced
to secede from the Western Jockey
Club an alliance, offensive and defen
sive, with the New York Jockey Club,
the strongest turf organization in
America. By this alliance the dissatis
fied westerners expect to operate under
licenses granted by the eastern associa
tion. There is to be a meeting here
of all interests Involved in tracks
turned down by the last meeting of the
Western Jockey Club immediately af
ter the return of Corrigan from the
East.
Race track men are discussing the
chances of disgruntled trackmen
throughout the country who are said to
be heading a movement to petition the
Western Jockey Club for a.readjust
ment of dates recently allotted by that
organization at the annual meeting.
The report that Louisville. Cincinnati,
Memphis and the New Orleans, St.
Louis and Hot Springs tracks would
make request for what they consider a
more equitable allotment, according to
those who are on the inside, is said to
have sprung from a number of turf
men who are anxious to make trouble
for the Western Jockey Club and start
an organization on a' new footing with
what they consider a more representa
tive body of men as stewards. Martin
Nathanson, secretary of Harlem, in
discussing the situation said that the
action of the Western Jockey Club at
the last meeting was final and that un
less some unforeseen Incident made it
necessary there would be no change.
Ed. Wagner said Worth track was
entirely satisfied -with its • allotment
and, as far as he had heard, there was
no movement among the track owners
to ask for a readjustment of dates.
LOU DILJ.OX IS QUARTERED
• AT THE SAX JOSE TRACK
Famous Queen of Trottinjj Turf In
the Competent Hands of
Budd Doble.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 10.— Lou Dillon,
the queen of the trotting: turf, arrived
in San Jose this morning to spend the
winter. She came In a private ..car,
fitted with every convenience for a
horse of her breeding and attended
by a- corps of hostlers. Lou Dillon
left Memphis Saturday. A new stall
has been constructed for her at Agri
cultural Park.. Budd Doble, the well
known horseman, will have. charge of
her. San J,ose was selected as*. the
wintering: place of the fast little mare
because of its climate,, which is so
mild as to allow exercise. during most
of the winterl Agricultural- Park is
to be improveJiat once by; the direc
tors, so that It will be one of the beat
training places in the country. C. K.
G. "Billings, the owner of Lou Dillon,
chose the quarters in this city in pref
erence to those of any- other place in
the country.'
There -.was a large number, of ; local
horsemen at the track. to-day to wel
come the mare who had trotted a mile
in"i:58%:: ,." . " ; y . . v ..-•,:
'It is reported that a number of .not
ed trotters and pacers /are : also- ar
ranging for winter quarters here.'
. Some people are so egotistical that
they imagine • everybody, they i meet 1b
glad to see them.
. . T WANT TO TALK TO MEN WHO HAVE PAINS AND ACHES.
' JijjJV ,- J t . *33j| //> IK who fcel run down Phvsically, who realize that the old "fire" and
IVl k \gt^*^A \ I 1 r^' '' I** II 'T*~ I 1 " "energy which was. so evident in youth is absent now; men who can't
nv^iJr^^^^^^BtL. fc OtmI' I Vl'«i^5lf * K ~~ "\ \ »» stand the amount of exertion they could years ago. I want you — if
1|fcV>I [/ • /tB%P**i I :s *-'" I '~'-W r f^^^K=« that means you— to see what I have done for others who were iust
r^lsif i^f&flL X- ' ' ' | I 1 (L. #$^«a as bad- off. That's mv introduction. If a friend in whom vou had
tun) wfsS' *^\\ ' v i • A I /*' ilsEslf ' •^^'" < confidence presented some one to you and said, "Jack, here's Brown; he
ll'fl " I * <W| i/*" > *\. V^ft \ V *£>L'3!iS>*5Kr l?!/*!^ nas made good with me, and I trust him," wouldn't you trust him, too?
Iv'l 1 H* "^/J Cxk "^=- ■ ■ iS^SPX^X I * have always wanted to talk to weak men, talk to them quietly
Jf'i'< 1 Jl >M»y| \~ ' '" <£$vjB&kL *_ an d in earnest, because I know how they feel and I know that I can
»•)■ *- V \i^_- --i- BsTLimR^^ •""*"" do more * or them tlian anv ot h er man living: an< * I only want a fair
f f f wma >[ \ n£giBWEg5S« I want to talk to men who feel old and slow; who don't have
I / / t \ \ tnat sprightliness, that old courage and "go" that they used to have;
| A jL L ,flr^ /^__Er-^ JEffii&ST^!fr$B**l&&& " those men who always have the feeling a,s if they had suddenly grown
£\ ?\ % #y £yj7 I^^^^^T^Nroffl^^^HB^By V' old : wll ° have lost interest in life and its pleasures.
\ M\ j/Jjh*,""" \ \ r if J %^ ,; -^fWMBSa&SESBf?''/ . ' f There are several kinds of weak men, but every man knows his
»\y^ \ A-'A ' l/\ raSrattBlBsPfffli?- 9 wn symptoms. He knows that he has lost his "steam." and my object
R \'\ I f '/Is ' —^■^^^^f^WF^^T^rl^^rr^' ' s not so muc ' 1 to ta^ ot h° w ne as j O5t '*• as to show him what
I V^^^S&Vxv\ H/^ *? 3^SJ§^^ura5STOr^Wi^B^ human "steam" is and how he can get it back.
| Professor Loeb. the noted scientist, says that human vitality 13
TjSfra&l&SS^fi^il J* ' ///$Ta&S based upon electricity. Great athletes and trainers of athletes arc now
-~~.\ '^•r^^^^^^^^i'^ "~~/WW^^SSeS^^Bi^^SB^^S using electricity to develop physical strength and endurance. Doctors
•^R^/^^H^^^^^^ who want to cure their patients now apply electricity in nearly all cases
' i '~~' *&//•' / lAv^'^'t'^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^iwK. showing a want of vitality. The day of the stimulating drusr is past.
Ifl -Ns^^N y^^^^^^^^^&^K^^im^^m^S^ Vou sce they are all coming: to it. They wouldn't recommend mv
.s: /\ ' I IB • \\Nx^^^^^WS^^^BamMgM^BJ belt — still a few of the eood doctors do recommend it when they care
* " / WWJBKr Wvf - •" more for a man's health than they do for his dollars — but most of
them call me a quack because I p ay for my advertising. But they
all admit that electricity will increase strength. That is all I claim for it. That's all you want, any way. If you have enough strength you'll never be
weak, nor suffer a pain.
It used to be considered sensible to take drugs to "wake up" sluggish circulation, to stimulate weak nerves, to make the stomach take food
that it was too weak to digest, and then another drug to drive this food through the intestines which were too weak to do their work. Men would
take (j ru S s to make them sleep and an eye-opener in the morning to make them feel as if they had rested — all dope.
It is well known now that nearly every drug contains from one-half to nine-tenths alcohol, and the rest poison. I'm no advocate of the intem-
perate use of alcohol, but if you have to take it, why can't you take it without the poison? It is proven that in thirty minutes after a drug is
taken the physical vitality is five per cent lower than before taking the drug — that- is, after the stimulation has passed off.
Taking stimulants is like borrowing money for half an hour at five per cent interest — you borrow a dollar and pay back a dollar five in half
an hour. If that scheme kept up would break your bank account, it will just as surely break you down physically. Wouldn't it?
Nature will stand a great deal of punishment, but she will not stand it always. She gives you a strong body to start with, and demands an
accounting.
My method is to help nature— to add artificial vitality to that you already have. Every one of us has a certain amount, according to our
strength, because vitality is strength. When you lose some of this vitality you are weak — a weak man. My appliance pours a fresji supply into
your.body while you sleep. It generates electricity and pumps that into your nerves. Professor Loeb says that it is the basis of vitality, and mv
cures prove it.
Mr. Wm. Decker. Cnrson City. Nev.. Tvrltos: '"I was sufTerinfir from an extremely amtravated case of varicocele when I came to you for help. There Is not the leaat algn of thl»
complaint now. and I feel better mentally and phystcaly than ever before, and all credit must b<» Riven to the Belt. If I can be of any aervlce to you, I am at your command at all timea
and will gladly answer any and all leters written to me by your patrons with the greatest of pleasure.
Now, if you don't feel right, I can cure- you with mv Electric Belt. If you are full of rheumatic pains I can knock them out. I can pour
oil into your joints and limber them up. I have often said that pain and electricity can't live in the same house, and I prove it every day.
Mr. L. J. Harriett of Tlllamook, Or., writes: "Tour treatment certainly does what no other can, for it has cured me. I cannot praise the Belt too highly, and gladly r«c-
ommend it In any case of vital weakness."
If it were not for the prejudice due to the great number of fakes in the land T would not be able to handle the business that would come to
me. The "Free Belt" fraud and the "Free Drug" scheme, which are not free at all. have made every one skeptical, but I know that I have a good
thing, and I'll hammer away until you know ii.
One thine: every man oueht to know is this: Your bodv is a machine. It is run by the steam in your blood and nerves. When vou betdn
to break down in any way you are out of steam. That's just what I want to give you back.
Mr. James Ho!croft. 107 Center st* Santa Cruz. Cal.. writes: "Tour electric belt is all rlcht. I recommend it to all Inquirers, and I <!ar« say that you have dozen* of
men under your treatment who have come to you through my recommendation. I have been a resident of Santa Crux County for forty-three years, and my cure Is still a matter
of comment among my friends, for I had been ailing for years before I consulted you/ and few expected to see me recover from my generally debilitated condition.
I have a cure in every town. Tell me where you live and I will give you the name of a man I've cured.
Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can cure you or not. If I can't cure vou I don't want your money. I have been
in this business 22 years, and I am the bigp-est man in it to-dav bv long odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every man all he pays for.
Now. wouldn't vou rather wear my life-giving appliance while you sleep even' night, and feel its glowing warmth pouring into you, and
feel yourself taking on a new lease of life with each application than to clog your intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely! Try me.
Mr. Abraham Spady of Alcatrar. Cal., writes: "I am cured of all' my former ailments, and you have my heartfelt gratitude for what your treatment haa done for m«."
/ If you will come and see me I'll explain it to you. If 3 r ou can't call let me send you my book." full of the things a man finds inspiring to
strength and.courage. P'ree.i^ you send this ad. •
l\R M R Mr I AIinHI IN 906 Market Street, Above Ellis, San FrancFsco.
i-^IV* ■1TI« !->• iTl**L-4r\XJV-ll lL#91lj Office Hours- 8 a.m. to 8 p. m. ; Sunday* 10 to 1.
SIX-DAY BICYCLE RACE
PASSES INTO HISTORY
Hoot and Dorlon Have Ten Lengths
to Snare at the
Finish.
NEW YORK. Dec. 10.— Root and
Dorlon finished first by ten lengths in
the six-day bicycle race at Madison
square Garden at 10 o'clock to-night.
The final score, the teams being named
in the order In which they finished,
follows: . •
Root and Dorlon, 2386 miles 6 laps;
Vanderstuft and Stol, 2386 miles 6 laps;
Samuelson and Williamson, 2386 miles
5 laps; Keegan and Logan, 2386 miles 4
laps; Krebs and Fogler, 2386 miles 3
laps; Breton and Gougoltz, 2386 miles 3
laps. The record was 2732 miles 4 laps,
made by Miller and Waller in 1899.
The money will be distributed as fol
lows: Root-Dorlon, first, $1500; Van
derstuft-Stol, second, $750; Keegan-Lo
son-Williams, third, $750; Keegan-Lo
gan. fourth. $500; Krebs-Fogler, fifth,
$250; Gogoultz-Breton, sixth, $200; Tur
ville-Mettllng. seventh, $150.
A feature to-night was the breaking
of all known' records for any kind of
indoor or outdoor track, without pace,
at one-quarter of a mile. Frank Kra-
lll_Za««J^ For this beautiful SidC-
jy$lPi§|£^ board. Golden oak fin-
5 |M^^1SEl' • ish, large French plate
: HBhRI' - ■ bevel mirror ' panel doors '
111 lllpSif pll|f| ■ : ; plush lined . silverware
P^^Si^^l® drawer and tastefully orn-
ftp^^^^^**i^ amented. Regular value
• We are offering, equally good -values in odd
Parlor Chairs and Settees, which are very
practical and appropriate holiday gifts. For $2.00
you can get a nicely upholstered parlor piece.
-We hiave them in assorted colors and designs.
$!5-0p, $20.00 and $2500 Settees at just
one-half regular price^ v It will pay you to call
anci;See : oiir splendid selection. -.-
128-132 ELLIS JSTREETr .
mer, the American champion sprinter,
went the distance in 24 1-5 seconds,
topping 3-5 of a second from the record
previously held by Major Taylor.
Thomas Leases Dave Gideon's Farm
NEW YORK, Dec. 10. — Edward R.
Thomas of this city, who sold most of
his racing stable when the season
closed on the metropolitan tracks, has
leased from David Gideon the lat
ter's splendidly appointed breeding
farm at Holmdel, N. J., for a term of
years and has an option on its pur
chase. The place embraces 400 acre3
and representes an investment- of
about $250,000. Many , well-known
racers were bred there and it is un
derstood that Mr. Thomas will shortly
put into effect his plan for breeding
another stable. The Gideon horses will
be transefred to Kentucky.
Pnlo Alto Frcslimen Defeated.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 10.
The freshman . baseball team, played
its third game to-day, going down to
defeat before the Palo Alto High
School team by the score of 4 to 3.
The freshmen fielded well, but showed
a woeful lack of batting ability and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
poor team work. The best part of the
game from the Stanford standpoint
was the clever pitching of Thiele, a
young twirltr from Colorado, who
struck out seven men in four Innings.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
RHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LONDON*.
ON the 31st day of December, A. D. 1903,
and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant toHhe provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Coda,
condensed a* per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner, i V*< r . .V- "
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .$2,490,910 00
Cash in Company's OfHce 173 44
Cash In Banks S06.863 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans- 32.105 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 137.21003
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2.&IS 15
ToUl Assets .$2.978.011 95
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $66,431 00
'Losses in process of Adjustment or
. in Suspense 152.1S0 92
Losses resisted. Including expenses 22.979 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,945.-
432 10; reinsurance 50 per cent. 972,716 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
- ning more than one year, $l.GS7,-
IMtS 1<>: reinsurance pro rata.... 853.895 17
Reinsurance Premiums ........... 41.S14 23
All other Liabilities ;... ' 3.4a* CO
Total Liabilities . . . .' .$2,118.441 02
INCOME. T : ~
Net cash actually received for Fire ■
premiums • $2,470,131 74
Received for Interest and dividends :
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources ......... 81.806 83
Profit on- sale of Ledger Assets... - 16,817 45
Total Income J2.56S.3M 04
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount* paid for Fire Losses
(including J47S.02S 93. losses of
previous years) $1,465,334 48
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 492.630 02
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 1GS.378 81
Paid for State. National and Local
,taxes • 74.408 62
All other payments and expendi-
tures ......... r 372.733 79
ToUl Expenditures $2,571,434 SO
. . . • . . " - -. . - . Flr».
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$1,395,162
Risks and Premium*.! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net' amount of Risks '
written during the
year ... $306,831,487 $3.SS5,IS9 97
Net' amount of Risks
expired durlzur the .
year ; 415,347.914 4.242.318 33
Net amount ' in force ' " '
December 31. 1903. 312.Stl.44S 3.632.673 20
AD. IRVING. United States Manager.
Subscribed and ' to ■ before " me, thla
26th day of January. 1004. "
GEO. O % RUOER, Notary .Public
--, PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 PINEiST.vv- - San Francisco, Gil.
W, IRVING, General /g>nt,
R. GALLEGOS. Asst. General Jgint.
ALBERT M.BEROERlCiiy Ageni. ; . .
. ; 317 California . SW Saa Traadseo, CaX.
Holcombe also pitched good ball for
th«» freshmen.
Some plumbers are troubled with
insomnia and some have pipe dreams.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PELICAN ASSURANCE
COMPANY .
f\ F NEW TORK. IX THE STATE OT NEW
v York, on the 31it day of December. . A. D.
1903. and for the year ending on that day, aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the provtslonj
of sections 610 and 811 of th« Political Coda.
cond-ensed-as per blank furnished, by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid ap
. »a c «a 1200.000 00
ASSETS. '
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. (437.603 35
Cash In Banks '.... %tl229 33
Interest due and accrued on all
* Stocks and Loaaa 4,091 93
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 29.400 U
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid. . 2 73
Total Assets 14S3.C9 TO
. LIABILITIES. " "^
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 6.10i 00
Losses In orocess of Adjustment or
In Suspens* ; 17430 42
losses resisted. Including expenses.. &0O 00
Gluts Premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnjr on* year or less, S232.067 10;
reinsurance 60 per cent 118, 43S 0
Grcss Premium.* on Fire Risks run-
ning more than • one year. $37,-
311 .'5; reinsurance pro rata 04,8-13 42
All other Liabilities 9.3S3 23
ToUl Liabilities .1204.643 84
INCOME.
Jfet cash actually received for Flr»
Premium* JCO.533 63
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Slocks, Loans and from
all other sources 12,744 84
ToUl Income .....1232.330 58
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $33,838 17, . losses of
previous years) .: (140.227 31
Paid -r allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 72,463 4T
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of Seers, clerks, eta.. 21.753 3T
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 9.183 71
All other payments and expenditures 16,034 01
Total Expenditures - >2«2.973 »O
Fire. '
Losses Incurred during the rear.... $113,704 03
Risks and Premiums. [ Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
7™".^.'..^ $34.K*.«3 SMMM 07
Net amount ef Risks
t-ySr*^:*^.^! ivSUlS 339.6M4*
."'ixSgr* & ttSl 31.Og.S56 330,278 63
A D. IRVTNQ. President.
• LOUIS P. BAYARD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to ■ before me.' this
*7th day of January. 190*.
" .7/ GEO. O. RCGKR. Notary, PutoUa.
' PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 PINE STREET,
r SAX FRAXCISCO, CAL. •
W. IRYIHG, General Aganl.
R. GALLEG33. Assistant Gas'sril Agtit*
4142
JOHX D. SPRECKEXS Proprietor |
Address CcniniunicaUons to
JOHX McXACGHT .Manager j
\V. J. MARTIN' Business Manager J
TELEPHONE.
Ask fcr TEE CALL. Tbe Operator Will Con- [
nect Tou With the Department You Wish. ,
Publication Offloe Market and Third, S. F. \
XZZliaml Rooms £17 to 221 Stevenson st I
Delivered ty Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Temis by M«i", Including Postage (Cash With
Order):
DAILY CALL Onchid. Sunday), 1 year. ..$8.00 ■
DAILY CALL (includ. Eundar). 6 raos. .. 4.0O :
DAILY CALL— By Eingle Month 75c {
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Tear 2.5O j
WEEKLY CALL, 1 year "L00;
FOTEXGN f Daily. ..$S.» "P*r Y«*r l^xtra j
izS"?^ \ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra r
POSTAGE. [Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra i
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
XO RECEIVE -SCBSCRIPTIONS.
E*J=s>:e Ccaies will be forwarded when re-
QuesteA-
Mail sabscribers in ordering change of ad- J
dress ehculd be particular to give both SEW ;
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a |
jr«=»t and correct compliance with their re-
quest
OAKLAND OFFICE:
lWfl Broadway Telephone Mala 1063
BERKELEY OFFICE x
2348 Oecter etreet Telephone North 7T
WAEHUtOTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
KITW YORK NEWS STAITDS:
Waldarf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Union Scuare; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hctel and HoSxnaa House.
CHICAGO "N-EVTS STAND3t
Ebermsn House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremoat House; Auditorium j
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Mamuette BttUSin*.
(Lcc* Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPKESENTATrVB:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YOP.K CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTON Herald Square ;
nt'ggCESa OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call j
onwr Market and Third streets: open until ,
'.'i o'clock every night In tha year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until *
:i p. m. •
M or tg ornery street comer Clay; open until
i»:30 p. m.
500 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
OS* McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
BIS Lerkia street*; open until »:50 p. n.
2:41 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
I'«5 Eleventh etrett; open until 9 p. in.
:<<«-, Valencia *tr«*t: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; j
open until 9 p. m.
2t"X> Fl'.'rfiOre street; open until 9 p. m. I
B.EAI. rSTATII— CITY— FOB, _BAX.TB._> I
LION & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st
EerA for our printed list of properties foi
eale la all sections of the etty. -
GOOD PAYING INVESTMENT.
rseCO— Rents $300; 2 good substantial flats in
f.r.e cenditicn. 4 rooms er.d bath each; -near
1 wentv-eecocd and Church.
A BARGAIN— LARGE INTEREST.
t3<-*Xi — Rents $3eO; 2 very Cne flats. 4 and 6
rcora» ar.d bath: large lot, 27:2x100; good car !
fat:J!tifr»; u«-ar Seventeenth st. and San Bruno, j
TWO FLATS CHEAP.
$3f«>-Reat8 %iZ2; tear Eighteenth and Hat-
tie- 2 flats. 4 ar.d 5 roonrj anl bath; tvery- !
thir^ ia ftrst-cla*s condition.
SPLENDID INA'E-STMENT.
*3r. f < f i — 2 flats of 5 rooms snd bath each:
larpe lot, 2700 square feet; abundance of sun
bzA Hirht; street Lltumlnizes; near Haxcpafclre
ar.d Tn-enty-Oiird sts.
GOOD PROSPECTIVE VALUE.
$27."X>— 2-Etcrj' building. 7 rooms and bath. ;
errar.P'-ij for 2 families; 2 sinks, etc.; rent $35; I
•:*er CaKtro a.r.4 Twenty-fourth-st. cars.
WilIKTHI^G GOOD SOUTH OF MARKET. :
(ZV.-o — Ittnts $4S0; ne£-r Bryant tnd Third \
■ts.; 2 buildings, front end rear, of 6 flats. S '
erid 4 rooms each; In this sectloa vacancies \
jirv ur.hea.rd of.
BARGAIN SOUTH OF MARKET.
$ir.V>— Near Sever.th and Mission; 2 fiats, t !
roums each, and rear hou»e of 4 rooms; re- 1
«■<>:. t!y remodeled and put tn first-class shape; '.
j 'T'-t'tia sinks: rents $4«8.
A SNAP— VACANT LOTS.
«r^*/i— Masonic, near Haight
E7W each — 2ith. nr. Castro: 27:6x114; 2 lots. '
Good lots in Rtcbm'TjiJ: very easy terms.
A COZY MISSION HOME.
%Xf<f>— On a prominent street in the Mission: j
i-ftcry heme; 6 rooms and bath: built Just j
two jears: very prettily arranged; larse 8- |
Coot tastment
LTON & HOAG,
116 Montromery et.
GfiAKD HESIDENCE LOTS
AT IOW I'KICKS.
LXO6Z TO TOWN.
I'rtc^s from tli<*) to $2250 for 25 feet lots; :
jc- < an baf a lot the size you want; If 25
feet i» net enough tak? 27:6 cr 30 feet or more :
if >ou like, at *amt rate per front foot. Quite \
en aavar.tare. isn't 5t? Fine views; bitumin- :
irrrt n-r^cxr,. water, gai 1 , etc Easy terms if
<".~>irr4. The tlot-k is bounded hy Devisadero, :
I'ubot-e avt., Castro and 14th »t»<. Take*
Jf;u?h;-f.t. carr.-cet off at either Scott or De- !
•ttcadcre e.r.C «ralk only 2 blocks. See it at ;
ence: wt cr.e-l)*.lf cf the tots already sold.
LYON & KOAG. 110 Montgomery ct.
I^CIP.A '.arje lots.
Lowest prices In the city.
If you want a cood lar^e lot et a moderate '
trice 1'Xk at ihop- w« are offering In the
Jordan tract Inear California Bt and 1st ave.).
i'riccs $1050. ?17ff>. $1800. $1850.
ICo lots less .than 30 leet fror.t; nearly all
lot* "3:«xl20l
- Etre*ta bO feet wide, graded, nt- wered and
Tanm.inmiz^il; T;ater and ess ca the tract.
Trrmr — Ore-fifth cash, balance in one, two,
tliirre end four years.
FJvilding restrictions prohibiting the erection
of cny building for other than rpsiden^e pur-
jkik«>. includirig not more than 2 flats to a lot,
erf- enforced. No stores. et<\ These restric-
tions nr.i the large lots, tojrether with the low
prices, rci-kf it eafe fcr you to buy ar.d build.
Lots adjoining th'.s |jroperty are selling fcr
murh more rr.cn»y. Where can ycu buy for £55
• a. fr"nt f<x>t Tan-1 cs <3^«ira.fcie cr sjf apt to im-
I-rovp ss this? Esce!!»nt car facilities — E'My.
Facn-.tnenJQ. £«♦«• end <Jee.ry et. lin»s. S?nd
I lor •._.-.-' xiith irrK-es.
LYON & HOAG,
t; ■:,.,>,- 110 Mnntromwy st.
D^ TOU- WAKT
ijlfiO CASH, $H> MONTHLY?
If **. look at tho>=e In the block bounded by
J fn'. K rts.. 10th ani I lth av«.; prices S8V>
to m>: or.!y 2 birx-kf fr^rm GolJcn Oate Park
and «-3»ctric r«r»; on a slight elevation com-
manding tusirnl^wnt views of pars. oc-:an
tnd tbe tluMvn Gale; lots et thH prir» wa'.l
located and with unsurp«rs<-d view« are cheap
et above pric-s: the terms are ta easy it will
l>e your own facit if you <io not sjcure cne or
trtore; an laresftraest here is rafe and win
prove rnort prof.ta.b1e.
LTON fc HOAU, 11G Montgomery ft.
HAWKS & FKELTON]
Pvcnts Collected tn-1 BsUn Charge Taken cf
Property,
$12,&00— Three new Cat*, r.car Ha!?ht and Ash-
bu:y; modern evtry way; C rccms each;
mortfface JfXOft ;. t C per cent can re-
main; rents $12C0 *
89,500— Nortb side Jackson, n»?r Buchanan;
arood house of 8 rooms and 2 baths; lot
25x111. to rear street
. f ll.OOO— West V.ae of Stelser, near Vallejo:
hs.nd£cnifc modern house of 10 rooms.
furnace, bllllard-rpom, solar heater; all
conv«Tienrpg for comfortatle housekeep-
ing; lot 27:0x110.
$6.500— Octavla. near Broadway; good house
of 7 rooms; nice view of bay from front-
bare lot is worth the price; 2Tjx137.
• $8 000— Northeast corner cf Larkin and Lom-
bard: iaiCxllO; has superb view of bsy;
etreet work 'all done; neighborhood grow-
ing fest
$5.401' — Ijoih near Larkin and Lombard- 27x
110: grand view of bay and Western Ad-
dition. . .
HAWKS & BKELTON, 323 Montgomery st '
B GETZ. Room 22, Cbrosicle bldg
OWNER and DEALER.
- Finest <Sraded Oeeeo Beach Block on Sale
Between 47th and 4t)tb Avenues, i
Lots Graded and Fenced!!! Grass Bottom!!:
$400 up Elegant V lew. ..... Easy Terms
$100 ta $350. .Ocean Heights Lots Hi $3 a mo.
$350 to $1200. Buns«t Heights and Boulevard
Lots.
Richmond District Level Lots!!!
Graded. Sewered. Gas. Water.... Easy Terms
$300 to $500. North of the Park Lots— 49 a mo.
(ISO— Excelsior Homestesd Buildinr Lots.
Best aad Cheapest In City— f 3 a Month.
1 100 — Ocean View Level Lots to Build— $3 mo.
$1000 to $8000— Cottages and Houses on Terms.
Call at my efflre, room 22, second floor, -
Chronicle Building.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— TOB SALS. _ '
G. H.' UMBSEN tc CO.. 20 Montgomery st
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
% to. 0C0— Rents tiltO per annum; an eSeganUy
built house consisting of 12 apartments
of 4 rooms and bath each, in one of tba
best renting districts of tbe Westera
Addition; the owner having spared no
expense in making this choice invest-
ment; large lot, 20x137:6.
$15,500 — Rents $1320 per annum; Setter st; 8
modern Cats; lot 25x95. j-, »
$19.000— Reduced from $20,000; rents $1350 per
annum; near Pine and Leavenworth sts.:
improvements consist of 8 large dwell-
ings; large lot 07:6 feet front; a splen- .
did renting location; rents $1122 per an-
num.
$15,000 — A splendid piece of property: close to
tbe railroad depot; double cottage of 7
mom* each; store and '2 Cats; a corner
with 8 frontages; brick foundation, etc; '
ssxieo. ;
$14,500 — Reduced; rent $1140 per annum; on'.
"McAllister st. close to Piercer 3 elegant
Data of 7 rooms- and bath each; lot Z7x I.
LT7-.G; a splendid buy. ,\-
$11,000 — Kerns $1230 per annum; make offer;
Page at. near Central ave.: 3 hand-
somely appointed Cats of 6 rooms and.
bath each: let 25x100. -j
$8,1*00— Gcugh and Broadway; a desirable res- :
ideuce of 11 rooms and bath. ""
5S.0C0 — Rents $7CS per annum; Larkin st. !
close to California; 2 bay-window flats i
of 5-6 rooms and bath each; lot 25x100; !
a rood buy.
$6,500 — Near Guerrero and Liberty sts.; an t
ideal home and a well built and nicely p
designed cottage of 7 rooms and bath; \
large garden; a snap. «
$C,250— Items $612 ptr annum; 2 mo&srn and
well built flats of 6-5 rooms close to
the park; desirable location; lot 25x110. '
$4,500— Reduced; rents $576 per annum; near ;
Fifth and Folsom sts.; 4 desirable flats
Of 3 twxzm each, in perfect crd*r and
steadily r«nted; lot 2SxS0; bank mort- •
gagre $2250 can remain; will pay 14% :
en equity of $2500.
♦3. C00 — Rents $552 per annum; 4 fiats of 4-5 '
rooms and in a desirable renting section I
of the Mission; lot 37:9 feet front; a \
bargain. i
$2,250— Guerrero st: choice building lot for v
residence or flats. 25x125; a very de- '
slrable location. , .
$1,650 — A choice northwest corner on Lake st, ;
with msrtoe view; lot 82:6x100; noth-
ing cheaper in the district
For further particulars of the above and
far tbe Real Estate Record, containing list of •
properties for ss-ie in all parts of tha city,
inquire at our office. •
G. H. "CMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st,
Real Estate Dealers and Auctioneers.
SONNTAO BROTHERS,
Real Estate Brokers. 232 Montgomery st '
$11,000—2 modern flats, containing 6 and 9
rooms; paying $330 per year; separata :
basements, exceedingly well built; Me- ,
Ailister st
$10.750 — 3 elegant n«w Cats on Church st;
rests $1200 per year; flats contain 6. 6 .
and 7 rooms and bath; an excellent In- i
veetment.
$S,250— A splendid 2-story residence, com- ,
mar.rling a flne marine view and contain-
lag 9 rooms and bath; sua In every \
room; furnace etc.; Vallejo st
$7,000 — Two up-to-date flats on Carl st: cars ;
pass door; rents $C50 per year; flats j
contain 5 and 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x137 :C. \
$6,000 — A cottage on Hunt st. containing 6
rooms; lot 20xM; a good south of Mar- j
ket investment
$5,500 — 3 swell flats with finished basement !
containing 5, 5 and 5 rooms and bath; „
rents $7tS per year; a fine stable at- .
tached; good lot; Potrero ave.
$5,200—2 ftr.e flats, with exceedingly fine lot
containing 5 and 5 rooms and bath on
Butter st. paying $5C5 per year.
$5,000—2 Cats on McAllister St.. paying $450
per year and containing 4 and 5 rooms ;
and bath each; brick foundation, etc.
{4,650 — A splendid cottage of 6 rooms and ;
bath; modern In every particular; cove '
ceilings; In fact, possessing all latest
improvements; good lot; Lyon st
$4,000—2 attractive- fiata en Seventh St., con. ■
talning 3 and 4 rooms each and bath;
rents $360 per year; always rented.
$2. SCO — An attractive cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; modern and exceedingly well built; .
en West Park St.. only 1 block from ■
Misilcn-st. cars.
LOTS.
$5,500 — 24 elegant building lots in the Ex- ,
celsior Homestead, having a frontage of ■■
SCO feet on India ave. and 3O0 feet each !
on Edinburgh and Madrid sts.; within
2 blocks of Mis«Ion-«t Railroad: cne
cf the best speculative chances offered. I
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 649 Market st
$37.500 — Grand NW. corner on Mission et, \
bet. First and Sixth; 25 feet frontage on Mis- i
sioa et; 100 feet frontage on side street; 25 :
feet frontage on rear street.
$8000— Lot 42:4x137:6; large 2- story bay- !
window residence; N. side of street; sunny, I
modern, private stable in rear; near Calif or- !
nia and Pierce.
$7000 — Or.e of the best built homes In th*'
city; 8 rooms and bath; high finished base- !
aient etc.; on Green street near Gough; lot i
25xl37;6. ' ' ;
' $9250 — Sacramento st, corner of main street, \
east of Powell; lot 40x40; stores and lodging- I
house; rents very low. $870; modern plumbing.
$500 cash, balance i~» per month; rent- low. i
$26 per month; 2- well built flats _pf 5 rooms ;
on Ehlpley st, near 6th; always rented.
$7250 — Two beautiful new flats, close to the 1
Park Panhandle; lot 25x100; rents low, $720. }
$11,5C<) — Three handsome new flats on Pi<*rce j
st.. near Haight; 7 rooms and bath; modern :
in every respect; rents steadily at $1170.
SiT.'.O — Two flne flats; Treat ave.: 5 and <5
rooms and bath: stable; lot 25x112. to 25th i
St.; rents low $510. .
$3G.CrO — Three 2-story and basement bouse* j
en Turk ft.; close in; large lot, 50x87:6; worth i
near $4"*i.O0O; an opportunity for Investors.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. C48 Market st
$2000— TENTH ave.; Richmond district cot-
tage; mortgage can remain; must be sold at
< nee. as owner needs money. McEWEN
BUGS.. 115 Montgomery st |
JC75O— V/ALLER St.; 2 fine flats; well rented; ;
near Fillmore; mortgage can remain; fine
fhance to get flats at a sacrifice. McEWEN i
BROS.. 118 Montgomery st. ' :
; $7200— SUTTER -ST. fiate: electric lights and ■:
gse; sunny side of street; everything up to
date; new; rent $C1; bcit buy in the Western .
Addition: must b» sold. McEWEN BROS.,
118 Montpwnery «t.
POINT RICHMOND LOTS. i
NOW 18 THE TIME TO INVEST. ;
HANTA FD TRACT.
$5 MONTHLY. LOT3 LEVEL.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
! H. E. POEKLMAX. Realty and Insurance,
304 Montgomery street !
S^OOO-RENTS MT5<» YEARLY. 8UB-
< STANTIAL. LARGE UIJ1LDING in flats; mod-
; em plumbing, etc.: big lot; on wide street not !
: far from Hyde and Jackscn. . - , '
X13.50O— WOULD TRADiS In PART PAY- i
MENT for costlier riec?; fine corner, solidly
• Improved: rents $1250/ r yearly; never idle;)
nesr Market st.
K!<xyj— FIGHTLY LOT. 33:4x137:6; GOLDEN
; GATB AVE., near Devisadero.
, Ui-'->— EASY TERMS; GOOD 2
i delightful new flats, near Clement st. cars; a j
- homo with income included.
JC2CKV— MAKE OFFER; MISSION ROAD, '
i near China ave., irji>x££:6; street work done.
*luUO — RICHMOND CORNER, 60x100,.
j Clement Et. ,-' ■
I $15,000— McALLISTER st; Store*, with rooms
In rear; also flats; !ots 43x137; 70-ft
vacant; near Laguna st. ; very cheap.
i5!2 5OQ — 3 clecajit net;- flats. Western Addi-
tion, of 7. 7 and 6 r. and b.; offer.'
wanted. j
! $3,000 — Hayes st; flats and cottage; lot 27:6x :
11» to rear street; near Laguna.
I $5,250 — Bargain: 2 flats cf 5 and 6 rooms and
porcelain baths; cement trays; street
■ accepted; large, high basement. j
i ?2.OG0 — Cheap lot on Flllmcrc st: 25x100. |
$70O— Lot 23x100; reduced from H000; 2
owners ;' must sell
P. W. MOR RIS.SE Y. eSQ Market st.
S-SOO — NICE cottage; warm belt: near Bryant
ave. and 21et Et. ; lot 23x100.
$2000 — Cottage, near 23d and Valencia; lot
22x05.
$2000— Modern cottage, near Falrmount School;
lot 2Cxll2.
tZOW — Cottage of 5 rooms; one block from
Ocean boulevard.
$1500 — .New cottage, 5 rooms, etc.; Third ave.
and B at: lot S4x95.
$6000 — 2-story house of 10 rooms. - etc, sear
HaUht and Broderick Bts.: lot 25xl00f
JOSEPH STRAUB. €30 Market st
$10,500. INCLUDING 'Wtumlnlslng of street;
terms to suit; 3 swell flats not yet com-
pleted: rents $1CSO per annum; every known
possible latest improvement; 10 minutes from
City Hall; Eeventh-ave. boulevard, near Ful-
ton st; close to the park; all-night car
Bervlce. Call from 1 to 4, Seventh ave., nr.
Fulton st. .
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONET? -
Buy a lot in the city of Richmond Just
across the bay. where the Standard Oil "Com-
pany. Santa Fe Railroad and other big cor-
porations are spending millions of dollars.
LOTS.ONLY 7 !^ PER MONTH
Call for maps. free. ■ ■
RICHMOND LAND CO.. Crocker bldgj. 8. P.
~ A BARGAIN. ~~V
A sunny corner home in the Mission.
A 'modern cottage, of. 5 rooms and bath;
corner oa Sanches st. near 28th: This Is tha
cheapest buy. la San Francisco of its class:
26:6x100. >
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market «t
GOOD Income property; north side of Howard
Bt, bet. E-lrhth and Ninth. The North
American Realty and Bond Co., 818 Market
st , room 60. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
BEAL SSTAT"C— -CITY— "POB SALS.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
City Agents for Fireman's Fand Insurance
Co. S«nd us your name and we will forward J
you, without any cost to you. our bookltt t
"Buyer aad Seller," containing a complete list
of choice real estate holdings for sale. ;
" $2,650— Two nice little flats, each of 4 rooms- |
renting for $24 per month; lot 26x11-*:
locat-d on 26th st, half block from the
Castro st cars; O K, flrst-class small
Investments '■'■■' ■ .
' $4,750— Point Lobos ave.. near 4th ave., 3 flats i
of 4. 5 and 6 rooms and bath, renting I
for. $45 wr month: cars pass the door;
this is a flrst-class little . investment
$1«,000— Paciflc are., near Legnna; fine resl-
, <3er.ee of 12 rooms and bath and attic;
nice lot 2<$:6xl27:8U; unsurpassed raa-
" rine view. .
$10,500— Fine business property on Hyde st.
neAr California; store and flats above of
5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents for $72 50 •
per' month. *- -- ■-■ "• *
$2.300— Nice ccttsge of 5 rooms and bath oa \
Merritt su. electric cars .within haU a
block; fine view; .comfortable little home, j
$3,550— Bryant st, near 1st; frame buildings, I
consisting of house of 6 rooms and two J
k flats; rents for $2S 50 per month; in- j
vestlgate this, v* ;
$6,000— Splendid investment; 4 flats in warm j
belt of the Mission; renting for $6U per
month; lot 30x100: in flne condition; \
mo-iern plumbing.
$11,600— Mason st., near Washington; 2 houses
of 8 romos and bath each, renting for
$70 per month; lot 47:6x57:6.'
$20,500— Page st comer,- 6 new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath each, renting for $172 50 (
per month: large lot, 35x112: 6;. most de-
slrabl* location;- on the car line.
\.$35,000— Sixth st, near Howard •< old improve-
ments, renting for $115 p*r month; flne
let. 2ox83; no better business building
site south of Market.
$15 000 — ETegant residence on Franklin at cor-
ner; 16 rooms and 4 baths, attic, ban-
quet hall, bllllard-rocm, etc.; mod-era
in every detail: lot 4Sxl00, with L ex-
tending to rear, street ,
$30,000 — Howard st. corner; splendid lot 221x
106; rents nominal; fine building site.
$7,500^ — Substantial 2 story and basement resi-
dence of & rooms and porcelain bath, on
Webster st. near Clay; fine nelghbor-
hoodj ; ,
$31.C00 — Turk st. northwest corner, well in; -.
containing old improvements; splendid !
• " location for a new T>ulld(ng; suitable for
flats, stores or apartment-house.
$3.750 — Choice building lots on First ave., nr.:
the Presidio; most desirable residence
locality in the -Western Addition; oppo- I
rite residence park now being construct-
ed; also tine corner lots.
$14,000 — Steiner st business corner, 2 stores, 2
flats and ' stable, renting Tor $110" ptr
month; good lot, 4SxSl:3; b« sure and
see this. * - ■;■ .. •
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1S53.
30 —Montgomery St.". . ...Opposite Lick House;
$40,000 — Corner on Octavla at, near Sutter; ,
flats renting for over 9. per cent; lot i
60xS7:6. .. j
$22,500— Hayeg st, near Gough: best block on !
Hayes st; stores and flats; large lot; j
rented low at $120. j
$18,500—2 flne new flats on Washington St..
near flne park; 8 and 9 rooms and bath; j
'• rent $1080 per annum. •
$20,000^ — Powell-st. business property; 65-foot i
front, running through- to rear street; |
old Improvements paying $12tO per an-
num ; tine property i to ' improve.
$10,750— Page st. ; 2 up-to-date flats. 6 and 7 I
rooms and bath; annual rent $900.
$2,500— Alabama st. ; large lot. WxSO, with 8- \
room house; must -be sold.
$6,000— Store and flat, 6 rooms and bath ■
- above, on Oak st; rent $C30 per an-
num; this is worth looking Into.
$6,000— Bryant et. near 4 Third; modern flats;
well rented; lot 25xS0. • -<
$i, 250— Leavenwcrth st,- In choice location: j
house of 6 rooms and bath; lot 32:6x70 ;
feet; rent $360 ptr annum. ;
• $5,000 — Folsom st.. near Second, north side of ■
2* - street; large lot and house of 13 rooms, j
CHOICE INCOME PROPERTY.- • ' ■ ■
$5,000 — 2 modern flats; 5 rooms and bath !
each; near Market and Guerrero sts. ;
rent $504 per annum.
$5,000— Two flne lots; Beulah st, near Stan-
yan; 50x137:6.
£2.450^ — Lot 25x125. on fine street near Du-
boce Park and Steiner; st.; flne lot for \
Cats; all r.ew improvements on Ibe block. {
$5,0C0— North Beach investment; 4 flats; rent !
$504 per annum; large lot, 40 ft. front
on Eay st
$5,000 — Fine home, 0 rooms and bath, on Sec-
end ave., near the park.
Lots 27:Cxl37:6, on Sutter St., between Steiner
and Pierce.
'■■ Building lots, NE. corner Golden Gate ave.
and Baker et. ; In sizes to suit; prices
; from $2000 upward..
MADISON & BURKE.
80 Montgomery et, opp. Uck House.
F. B. SURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
114 SUTTER ST. ', t
i PniCE ?21,500— RENTS $2400 PER ANNUM.
Nine new substantial flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and beth inch; situate on a NE. corner, one i
block from Market St.; lot 30x90; a gilt-edge
I prc.j>o8itlon. -. " . - !
: PRICE $CoOO— RENTS SC30 PER ANNUM. j
dose to' Devisadero and Oak-fit*. ; store with •
flat above: lot 25x137:6; a bargain. ." i
I'P.ICE ?17,<X"">— RENTS $1C"V> P1CU ANNUM, j
i "McAllister st. ; 3 handscme new modern flats !
j of 7 and h roo:ns ami bath each; lot 25x137:6. ;
; PRICE ■fSoOO— RENTS ?!>00 PER ANNUM.
; Close to Haight and Belvedere' sts.; 3 sub-
I stantial flats; lot 25x121.
| PRICE $13.750— RENTS 51600 PER ANNUM, j
Close, to Fillmore Ft; 3 modern, stylish flats
of 7 rooms and bath each; very sunny; -key
! lof 25x100; mortcage of $8C66 can -remain if]
! desired. - ■ '■""'<! '.Ajk - - \
i TRICE $90,000— RENTS $8£00 •PSJRr^XXN'Uil !
NET. ■
1 Western Addition apartment building; grand j
I Investment. I
i PRICE $75,000— RENTS $575 PER MONTH
• ' NET.
Inside of Van Ness ave.; apartment prop-
erty; neeureo" lease. . .' .- . • f
*3S5O-^F!lbert st ; cozy cottage, 5 rooms and
bath; unobstructed .marine view; lot 25x137:6;
easy tenr.s if dtsired. ■ ».
My December catalogue will eJiow you par-
ticulars of some tempting investments; get
! one. ."-..: ■' . . :• i
BEAUTIFUL BUENA VISTA-. PARK BUILD- ;
ING LOTS. •. .
■"•■ $1850 - for inside lots V
to ■■-■ ■ . .
$3500 for corner lots. » -
Fronting on Devlsadero. 'Waller and < Alpine
stu.; only one block from Haight 6t. and cable.
j line; oil street work^dore; commanding view;
I beautiful surroundings; if you Ere looking fcr
: an especially fine building lot don't fall to see
this property: terras only \\ t-ash required.
F. B. SURRYHXE. 114 Sutter st.
DOLAN CO.. owners, builders, buyers- and sell-
• en of real estate. 2} Montgomery*- st ;
I $1250 EACH— Six choice level . lota; • Western
Addition. A good buy. DOLAN CO.
$1750 — 2 NEW fiats; modern :. improvements;
Bood location; Western Addition; Ideal li'oin*
or 12 per cent, investment: small -amount
cash down, balance time. t DOLAN CO.
$350— MISSION st lot 25xS3:6; street bitum-
lniz«d, stone. Bldewalk and granite curbs* all
accepted 'by- the city; absolutely the test
business block outside; a bonanza for either
grocery, bakery or. any kind of business; we
. guarantee a loan of ifSOOO. at 6 per Cent, to
, build a store and flats; this is a' chance to
really clear over ? 1500 in 3 months. ■• A'pply
at once. DQLAI? CO., 24 Montgomery st. .
$250 EACH— 7 nice; lots ready, .to build ; on;
,. corner Gates and, Blaine sts. ; block- from-
:■ best school .in city; 3 minutes' walk from.
. 29th and Mission; we furnish money and
building material . for. homes, payable back
. same as rent:- set our plans; you will profit
by it DOLAN CO, ,
MARINE VIEW FLATS!
- RENT $105 A MONTH." -'
$11,500 — 3 extra, .well built flats;' large lot
27:6rl2O to rear street: this is a bargain.
• BURN-HAM & MARSH CO..
• < .; .211. Montgomery «t
ALMOST readyj'go see them; - new v T-room
houses; bath; concrete basement; stone steps*
'fine yard ;cars "pass door :-L- Eighteenth st :
corner Deuelass; easy terms; open .for in-
spection./ MOISE, . owner, 820 San some. st.
.WE 'have some special- bargains- In city prop-
erty; also homes on easy terms 'In Berkeley-
and Alameda,; 'call- or - send for what you
want ■ '■>■-- --■■■" . ' : .-■?■,-.-■•
ROTHBRME-L ft CO.,- 807 Callfonii* «t.
ttmaKtumntntmnm^tm^maaamam^niJ^^^^WMmt fcfismtiM ■■ . ■ ■ < -- - .*************************>
RSA& •ECTATB— CITY—rOa BALB. '
SAGE, DEALEY & CO..
638 Market st, opp. Palace Hotel.
Houses. Rented. Rents Collected.
Offer wanted— Probate sale; KE. line of 6th
Et. near Harrison; lot 50x85 feet; bids
must | be in immediately.
$S6,tXX> — Rents $f&X» per annum: 78 feet front-
age on 6th st ; portion of lot running
through to Harriet- . -.
$ en, 000 — 137 :ti feet on Bluxome St., running
through to Brannan; covered entirely
with brick •warehouses; rents (350 per
month.
$3?,O00 — Greatly reduced; best Improved busl-
' ness corner in the Western Addition; 3-
story modern building; 3 stores and 4
fiats; rents $257 50 per month.
$32,500 — Greatly reduced; must be sold imme-
diately; building on Fillmore
st; 50 feet frontage; paying unusual
Interest; most important block on this
street.
$23,000 — Magnificent corner on Leavenworth
st; t»T feet frontage; 3 large 10-room
houses; .porcelain baths; all modern im-
provements thereon, etc.; rents $105 per
month. j-
$25,000 — NW. corner on Devisadero st: best
portlonof -business center; 3S feet front-
age; through to rear street; rents
$137 GO.
$20,0C0— Business Investment on Hayes st. nr.
Van Ness ave.; store and flats; 30 ftet
frontage; rents $141 per month.
$20,000 — A spacious corner, S7 feet frontage;
on Gough st. not far from McAllister;
nominal Improvements; rent $62 50 per
month.
$17,000— A corner on 2d st; 70 fest frcntase; j
nominal improvements thereon: mas»lv« !
" • improvements being erected the entire
*. length of 2d-st. main thoroughfare from
Market st. to Pacific Mall docks.
$10,000—3 beautiful flats on Ellis st. near La-
•- guna. - through to rear ■ etreet; rents
$112 50 per month; mortgage $3500. This
property is close to town and should
sell readily.
$15,000 — An inside corner on Bosh st. 55x155
feet; an unexcelled site for an . apart- I
. * ! ment bouse; mortgage $S000 can remain.
$12,500 — Fell st., one block from Market; 27x
- 120 feet, through to rear street; key lot;
2 substantial buildings thereon; no por-
tion of the city advances as this sec-
tion. Investigate immediately.
$10,000 — 3 very fine flats on Devisadero st.. nr.
Geary; 27:6 feet frontage; 6-0-7 rooms;
rents $84 per -month; destined to be-
come important business street
, $9,000 — Improved corner, with flat and two
stores and modern stable; rents $80 per
month; 45 feet frontage on Union and
Laguna sts.; this is the cheapest prop-
- " eny In this vicinity; quick turn to be
made; mortgage $2C00.
$7,250 — A corner on 24th st.. near Mission; 09
feet, frontage: improved with store and
5- room flat above; 29 feet of lot un-
. improved; mortgage $'HC0; rents $35 mo. j
1 $6,150 — Beautiful 9-rocm residence, modern
throughout; on Fulton st. close to Ala-
- mo square; rented for $43 per month.
i $5,800 — Two of the handsomest Cats in the
j warm belt of the Mission, renting for
' . . $47 50 per month: large lot, 35 f aet
'frontage; on 24th st. -
. $5,000— Steiner- st.^ residence, near Ellis; 8
: rooms and bath; mortgage $2500r-
i $4,500 — Unsurpassed marina view; building
lot. 31x137:6 feet; north line of Lora-
. bard st, near Jones; overlooking the
entire San Francisco Bay; an ideal spot
for a residence.
$475 — A pick-up, in Richmond building lotj
car passes property; watch this enhance
in value.
SAGE, DEALEY, & CO.,
CSS Market st. opp. Palace Hotel.
HOAG & LANSDALE,
_ . JOS Montgomery Street
Second-st" corner, near Bryant; lot level and
ready to build on; 45x9S; old improvements;
sure to increase in value; a flne buy; price
$10,000.
WILL TRADE
-WILL TRADE .
For vacant property as rart tayment; 3 flne
new flats, half block from Golden Gate Park;
built .by day labor: lower flat leased 2 years
for $32 50, middle fiat leased 2 years for $33;
upper flat leased for 1 year at $32 50; lot o0x
100; price $11,000; make an offer; owner anx-
ious to sell. .
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
3 new, modern flats near Duboce Park; 6
rooms and bath each; lot 25x125; rented for
$90; this is a good property; pries $9750.,
Fifth and Sixth aves., against the Pre-
| sidio wall; grading is done and bitumen street
work being dene; get first choice In this beau*
tiful property; no flats; large lots.
. TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
" TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
' TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
On the corner of AVIllard and Parnassus aves.
J Two new. artistic residences Just completed,
j 0 rooms and bath each; both lots are corners
land have 50. feet frontage; take tbe Ellis or
' Haight st. cars and transfer to Masonic ave.,
' which car will bring you to the property; price
j $&000 and $8300; be surje and see them; agent
■ will be on hand .from 10 a..- m. till 4 p.". m.
Beautiful marine view home; must be sold
on account of owner leaving the city; view is
unsurpassed; lot 34:6x137:6; very artistic; 5
bedrooms; price reduced to $13,000; this prop-
erty Is positively a bargain.
SOUTH OF MARKET.
A Eiiiendid N"W. ccrner on Bryant at. close
1 to water front; SOxlO feet; price reduced to
} $16;00O.
I Send for our list of fine building lots in all
parts of the city.
HOAG & LANSDALE,
105 Montgomery St., S. F.
VON RHE1N REAL ESTATE COMPANY. ;
513 CALIFORNIA ST. |
112,750—25x100; three new Cats on the north
litie of Pine st, near Fillmore; renting
for $105 per month,
$8.500 — Webster, nesr Jackson; well built
house of 4 11 rooms smd bath. |
$23.500 — 113 feet on Market, running through I
-to Church; the very 'cheapest buy In
this locality; suitable for stores or
flats. .
15,500^ — 65x115; Capp, near 25th; small flata
■ erected upon this property would pay
I larce rate of interest.
$7,500 — 2oxlC7:C; Sacramento st, near Spruce:
j 3 modern flata of 5 and C rooms and
; bath; renting for $C0.
I Jll.OCO— 25xS0; 4th st, near Folsom; improve-
ments consist of 2-story house, with
store and flat above; there has been no
vacancy in the last 4 years.
$8,250—25x125: Clayton st, near Frederick;
1 well built, modern residence, 10 rooms
! ' and bath. " .
$7,500—72x107 feet; will subdivide; corner !
] Lake st. and Eleventh ave.; one of the I
| most desirable corners on Presidio
. " . Heights.
$30,000 — 10:9x137:6; north line of Bush st,
near Mason; improvements consist of a
, . lodging-housu renting for $100 per
month.
.HEADQUARTERS FOR "PARK LOTS.
] Do you realize that the growing city of San
Francisco has only a small area of
. . Ocean Beach7 • .
Astounding prices will ba obtained for lota
fronting the ocean in near future.
W« offer the only graded lots frontinr right
on boulevard, ocean and park.
$450 to 510CO— Unobstructed ocean and park
view. Lots on easy terms. None like
them in this city. Selling rapidly at
r '.,;' our low prices and terms. - Don't
■ • miss this opportunity; see
them to-day. -
I $100 to $350— Near park and ocean; $3 monthly.
Get off car at our Uoeanslde branch office on
corner H st - and 47th ave., open dally
and Sunday.
$300 to $1100 — Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lots. On installments.
$100 to $100— Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
Near cars. $5 monthly.
$1250. to $3000— Modern cottages in Sunset,
- Richmond, Oceans ids and Mission;.
• -.. . .easy terms. ./'■'-*;,•.;. : i\ ■
EOL GETZ & SON, Owners and Dealers,
\'j .Room 54, fourth fioor. Chronicle bldg.
MARINE VIEW LOTS.
i Only. a few left in this most favored district.
J bounded by. Fulton and C sts., 46th and 47th
j avea. ; excellent car • facilities, unobstructed
marine view; 2 blocks from the Beach and. 3
blocks from the Cliff House; • these lota will
double in .value- in less. than 2 years; they
should be seen to be- appreciated; the block Is
fenced and bears our sign.
A FEW OF OUR BARGAINS.
11th ave., bet. Clement and California sts.
25th ave.; near Lak« st; large lot; 44x120.
Clement and 18th ■ ave. ■ y ' • ,
N. line Fulton St., bet Lyoa and Central
. ave. ■■ - t ■ ■, • ■" ■/ '. r ■
•:■ 23d St., near. Castro; 2. sold this week; only
2 left. !...:>'; -■■ . - " ,- ■,■--. . .-
Duncan «t, near Church; -perfectly level.
26th st. bet. Church snd Dolores; the best
lots In that ' district; - perfectly level; cement
•walks; sewered.- * ' ■ ■ • . - ■ - •
We oiler ■ easy ; terms " on all -our. property, 6
per cent interest on deferred payments, - and
.will build If you deilre.
■WEISSBEIN BROS & CO., Owners. '
618 Sacramento Bt
$4700— ONLY 2\ left; C rooms and bath: colonial
houses; call and see them at once; 'I st and
Tenth ave.; Sunset HALLETT & GEE.
RKATi "ESTATS— CXTY— gQB SAXE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
21S and 220 Montgomery ■*••
Mills Building.
$12.500 — Washington st, near Spruce; grand
marine view: lot 69:8x127:8% feet
$8,500— Larkln corner near Lombard: grand
marine view of Golden Gate and bay;
•lot 25x105:9 feet -"
$5.500— Rents $55 a month: 4 modem flats, 3
and 6 rooms and bath: always rented:
this property is positively a bargain at
$6500; near Valencia and 14th sts.
$13,500— Fillmore-st business property: store j
and 2 flats; rents $90: rented very jow;
close to transfer point; lot 23x80 :6 ft
to alley. , . ». .
$7,750— California st, near Baker; two fine
flats. 6-7 rooms and bath; rents $85; lot
$17,506— Valencia st. near"22d; best block on
Valencia St.; C4 ft front with two
stores and. one dwelling; rents $80; this
MARINE VIEW.
EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
Overlooking tbe Golden Gate; 27th ave.,
north of Laks st; these lots especially
adapted for homes, being 3. :« ft wide ,
by a depth of 120 feet; price $1300 each;
or terms; street work and sewer com-
pleted. Agent on land Sundays to show
$12,000— Pays $125 a month: small street
south of Market near Sixth; rents can
b« raised; lot 50x117:6 feet; fine in-
vestment
$15,000— Ellis st, near Polk: substantial im-
provements: lot 27:6x120 feet to rear
street; flne Investment
$7,000 — Ehrader st., near Carl: flats, B-T
rooms and bath; Just finished: every
modern convenience; rents $60 per
month; both flats leased; lot 25x100 feet;
an exceptional : bargain. J
$5,700— Shrader st, near Cart; Panhandle:
residence Just finished; every modern
improvement; 7 rooms and bath; lot
25x100 feet; very artistic.
?25 000— Beautiful marine view residence on
Washington St., near Locust; thoroush-
ly modern In every respect: containing
all up-to-date conveniences; lot 55x
127:SVi feet
POPE TRACT.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTS.
CREAM OF THE PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
SITUATE ON COLE, SHRADER. GRAT-
TON AND ALMA STREETS.
FIRST SUBDIVISION.
Streets and lots graded, macadamized and t
sewered; every lot ready to build on. For
further particulars, prices, etc.. Inquire at our
offlcc. Special inducements offered to builders, j
" • j
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale,
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
SPECK & CO..
200 MONTGOMERY ST.
Selling. Rents Collected.
Leasing. . Insurance.
INCOME PROPERTY.
$110,000 — Splendid main corner. 100x140 feet j
looking into Kearny and Hush sts^; •
rents $7500 year. . ,
$100,000 — Choice business property on Ellis St.. i
not far from Mascn; good Improvements;
lot 50x137:6; stores and lodgings.
$78,0tt) — Grant-ave. corner, close to Sutter:
splendid brick building. . j
$75,000 — Montgomery st, close to Clay; 6 per {
cent. 1
$CS,000 — 80 feet front on Polk st. close to j
California; 6 per cent net; business ]
property. i
' $53,500— A down town snap; flns building: 12 ;
.foot basement; will rent for $300 j
month.
$52,500 — Splendid new building: 56 rooms and '
20 baths; leased; 'cash security; rents
$«70 year.
$12,000 — Post and Taylor sts,; 2 frontages; I
40 feet front; ?JCO,CCO in improvements
in course of erection opposite.
$23,500— Swellest W. A. ccrner; rented low r
at $170 month. '.
$l > 3,600— 50 feet on Post St., close. in; $15,000!
mortgage can remain;' pays 7 per cent !
net *, . ■ ;
$20.500 — Polk, st; 2 stores; lodgings above;
,$152 50' month; mortgaged $10,0CO,
which can remain; snap.
* $17.5CO— Splendid 3"0xl37 :tt building lot; rents
$00 month; close to Ellis and. Leaven-
worth sts.
$17. SCO — 50. foot corner near Sixth st. : fln«
Improvements: pays over $2000 year.
Sl.i.SoO — N<fw flats -close to UoMen Gate Park:
rents ?137 CO menth. - !
$12.000— Fin«. buildings; lot 41x137:6; Pine st; I
splendid location.
$11,500 — -X fine flats on Divlsadero st. ; rents ;
i $ICO month. . i
$11,5(50— Swell buildinr lot. close to Pine and j
Mason sts.: raasrnlflcent view; cheap. :
RESIDENCES. . '
' $15,000 — Pine st.; lot 68:9x137:6; magnificent !
residence; 11 rooms and bath.
fO.OCO— SAV. corner Sutter and Scott sts.; fine \
10-rocm residence; lot alone worth
$7200 j very cheap.
We have a larse list of fine residences.
LOTS.
$35.000 — 137 :C square; unsurpassed marine
view.
$20.000 — Splendid 30- foot corner in the whole-
sale eection; can make secured leases
with new building for $250 month. '
$6.750 — 5Cxl37:6 feet; Pacific Heights. ;
?4,5C0 — 50 feet on First ave. boulevard; close i
to Lake at.
$1,500— Sixth ave., close to Park; 30 minutes
from Market r.nd Kearny sts.
. SPECK & CO., 200 Montgomery st
FOR sale by
JULIEN SMITH, , V. '
Real Estate Agent, 4iO Montgomery st.
Market Street, NE. Corner I
Over 200 feet of frontage for 518,50: splen- }
3 did, growing location for stores and choice |
. fcr family hotel; receiving the sun from :
morninc to nUht :
Howard Street, Ncrth SUe j
Near 7th, one block of new Poetofflce: title i
guaranteed; the best, downtown investment !
to be had for the money; lot 50xOO: rents
$112 5O. but can be raised $25; price $17,000;
buildings just renovated; offer wanted..
Fourth Street |
Near Market et. ; nice little piece of business
property: store, etc., with flat- above; excel-
lent condition; price *11, 500: 4th st. will
soon be widened, then this property will sell
; for $15,000. i
IJessle-Street Warehouse Property
Near flth and Market: 2 or 3 nice properties; '
lots run toward Mission and Stevenson sts.
also; property Is advancing in this locality
dally; prices gOOOO, SG500. $7000, $7300.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
LOTS f 10 PER MONTH.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
n PRICE *"»O AND UP.
TAKE GUERRERO AND 14TH ST. CARS.
GET OFF AT CORNER CASTRO AND
CHENERY STS.
REE THESE LOTS TO-DAY; 55 HOUSES
BUILT AND IN COURSE OF CONSTRUC-
TION ON THIS TRACT. "WATER MAINS
LAID. STREETS GRADED. SEWERED AND
MACADAMIZED. ALL READY TO BUILD
OX. ONLY A FEW STEPS FROM THE
CARS. CONVENIENT TO STORES.
SCHOOLH AND CHURCHES.
REPRESENTATIVE ON GROUNDS EV-
ERY DAY AND SUNDAY.
WOO CASH. BALANCE SAME A9 RENT, 1
FOR A MODERN 6-BOOM COTTAGE AND
BATH. ON AXDOVER ST. FOR 'PARTICU-
LARS CALL AT OFFICE.
RIVERS BROS.. 205 MONTGOMERY ST.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.. ~
Real Estate Brokers.
41 and 43 Chronicle Building.
An exceptional bargain. A rooming-house of
"66 rooms, one block '.from Sutter and Powell
sts. .Under leaee for $300per month. .Tenant
malceB all repairs and pays water. - Leas* se-
cured by surety bond. At the expiration of
this lease can get $6 per room. > Lot has twV>
. frontages end l-i bound to Increase in value.
. If you are looking, for an investment call and
Investigate.
$4000— Western Addition cottage; 7 rooms
and bath.
$10,250— Two -flats opposite Alamo Square.
.:, • ,W.. F. AMBROSE & CO..
• 41 and 43 Chronicle .Building.
WHITE & BAYLEY, ~.
;. ;. Successors to W..J. White
$12,000 — Lot 50x115; Greenwich at: 6 new
modern flats, 5 rooms and bath each: rents
$120. ■-...■■. ■ . . , .. . ■
$2000— Lot 25x100; on Paris st ; modern cot-
-tagp. 5 rooms, bath; close to electric cars.
- ■ $600 down— Lot 1 25x120; on I st. , near 1 lth
ave.. Sunset: cottage, 5 rooms, bath; $2400.
* $3250 — Comer 11th ave. and I sf. Sunset-
Iot-57xl00; easy terms: snap. •■
$850— Lot 25x120; Fifteenth ave., near Point
Lobos : ave. ; terms. .,'-;- .--•»: .
$325 — Lots . 25x125; one block -electric cars;
Mission wannbelt; ready to build; $25 down
Read ' our ' advertisement under country real
estate. - • , . •■
2« Montgomery at. 1 *, room 8. Phone Main 5704.
$500 DOWN,' balance $30 per month; house., a
rooms and bath,' on- Preclta ave.,' near Mla-
■ slon st. : price $3400. - - -
$600 down, 'balance $27 per month: new cot-
tnire. Sir. and b.; 277 London st; $2600.
$300 down balance «17 50 per. month: new
cottage. 4r. 'and b.; 308 China ave.;$1600.
D. COFFIN' 2528 Mission st, near 21st
BEAL 8BTATB--<rrT — >O» •S A^ 3B -—
/ THORNE & KILPATRICK.
' 312 'BUSH ST. • Near Montgomery.
BUSINESS PROPERTY— Choice "Ucatlcns.
$20,0CiJ-McAllisifer st. nr. Van Ness are^
4Cxl00; flrst-cUse improvements. -
stores and 2-story flats above.
$1C,OCO— Fine cor. on Fillmore st. nr. Cali-
fornia: 27xS5; store and bay-win-iow
flat above; 2-story house on rear oi
lot; northeast corner. _,._,- ,-
$41,000— Turk St., nr. Market; 25x137:6; e^e-
•rant new building, 33 rooms: a barKa-j 5 -
$42.0CO— Turk-st corner, nr. Van Ness; «•-«
SO: irorroved. . ,
$17,600— A caoice corner, 2 b!ccKs_ north of
Market, in retail district; 137:6x13.-0.
would subdivide. • ,■»--«•
$137,500— Turk st. nr. Jones: 137:6x137.0.
would subdivide. • „, ,
$7.250— Valencia st. bet. 21st and 22d; gocd
9-rocm house; would pay to raise and
build store telow.
FLATS.
7,200— Chestnut at, nr. Leavenworth: 2 new
flats; 5 and 6 rooms, baths; built for
a home; all improvements; marine
view; rents $750 yearly. .* V' ;
$12.600— Six Cats In best renting neighbor-
hood in the Mission: never idle; very
desirable to live In and low rents: 4 ana
6 rooms, baths; Urge lot. SSxlStf; coa-
dltion first class; rents $1344 yearly.
$10,750— Turk st (nortb side), nr. Franklin:
2 flats. 6 rooms and bath each; reduced
RESIDENCES.
$2,975— Well built modern house: 6 rooms;
porcelain" bath; nr. Geary-st cars.
$2,750 — Cottage ; 5 rooms and bath: ccrner
lot, 29xlC0; on 25th st; monthly pay-
menu. „ „
$3.000— California st. nr. Laurel; house of «
rooms and bath: stable; lot 27:8x132.
$7,000— Green st, nr. Gough: 8 rooms and
bath; finished basement
$14.000— Near jFlllmore and Green sts.; ele-
gant residence. 11 rooms and bath; all
sunny; marine view that cannot be ob-
structed; Urge lot 60x137:6; lawns and
flower garden; all In perfect condition.
Buchanan st, bet Broadway and Pacific ave.;
11 rooms, 2 baths: hardwood finish; ma-
rine view; lot 84x100; beautiful house;
swell locality; positively must be sold
for what It will bring; let us know
what it is worth to you; this Is aa ex-
ceptional opportunity to set a Cne
house at a barxain.
LOTS. \'
CREAM OF BUILDINO SITES.
$3,500 and upward — 27:6x137:9 (some shorter
but all same width): Van Ness ave.;
Green and Union sts.: streets all ac-
cepted; surrounded by elegant modern
improvements : cheapest lots in the city
considering location; certain la be
worth a ?reat deal more money.
$2.5CO— Sacramento st (north side), near
Spruce; on Turk and Eddy car line;
25x102:6.
$200 per foot: north side Pine, near Oc-
tavla; eS:9xl37:8.
$3,5C0 — Cor. California st. and 6th ave. ; 50x
90; on Turk and Eddy car. line.
$2,250— Including completed street work; key
lot, 25x102:0: east side Leavenworth,
north cf Chestnut; surrounded by flne
new improvements.
FACTORY BITE.
175x200; 2 frcntages; on Bryant st, through
to Florida, near 14th.
Improved and unimproved property la all
parts of tha city. ,
THORNE * KILPATRICK,
■ ' 312 Bueh st
A HOME.
A COTTAGE.
$500 CASH.
Balance same as rent; street work done;
sewer and water la. If you want a cheap
home near Mlasion-st. car line, call at 9S4 Sut-
ter st
FOR sale — S30C0: 2-story house of 20 rooms;
close to Stocktcn and Sacramento; renting
for $44 per month net; flat loan now oa
property of $'. I 0C0, which can remala; will
sell equity for $1COO or will exchange my
equity for Ocean boulevard lots. Box 23?j6
Call office.
MODERN, well-built 2-story cottage. « roonss
and hath, beam ceiling, finished in pine: key
lot, ICO from Mission St.; terms reasonable.
Apply to owner, 2:>50 Twenty-sixth st, ccr-
ner Capp.
FOR sale — New, modern cottage; high base-
ment and attic: larse lot: street work all
complete; easy terms. 4-iSO Mission st.
FOR sale — A flne G-room cottage on Sbtter «t.
nr. Devisadero; lot 30xS7:6. Apply 103 Eddy.
BUILDERS. ATTENTION!
50 FEET.
ELLIS STREET.
CLOSE TO TAYLOR.
•< CHEAP. . -
THOMAS MAGEE & 5ON8.
& MONTGOMERY ST.
ONLY A FEW LEFT\ . .
$1 23 PER WEEK.
NO INTEP.EST. "XO TAXES.
$2C0 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billl.trd -table; on grade;
.clcse.to fine school and Mi^sisn-st electric
cars; bound to double in value.
$100 each, on installments cf $10 per month;
no taxes; flue !cts. near Ocean boulevard;
* best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these ar* the cheapest lots in this dis-
trict; advancing !n price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st. r. 8. Phcr.e Mala 3704,
COTTAGE. 6 rrns.. bath: nice garden; 23x114;
?26(-0; tenr.s easy. Owner. 433 Parrott bldg.
A NEW 5-rcom resid-?n?e. Just completed. See
owner,. 525 Seventh av«., Richmond.
STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers, S36 Howard st
CHEAPEST and best' ia America— The Weekly
Call, lfl page?. Bant to any address la the
. United States or Canada cne year for si,
postage raid.
BEAL ESTATE — COXTNTBY — For Sals.
BURR & YOUNG.
40 Montgomery St.; phone John 1S36.
LOOK AT THESiS
PAJARO VALLEY BARGAINS.
NO IRRIGATION. BEST CLIMATE.
$700 — O'i acre* all cleared; facing main
ccunty road; clos? to stores, churchea. etc.
tow — 10 acre3: plenty of wool and water;
small bouse; close to to-wn.
$loC4J— 57 acres of land; 11 mllea from Wat-
sonvHlc. in Monterey County: near small town,
with pertefnee, stores an>i school; no buildings.
*13OO — (1 ac-rea of foil-bearing orchard; Vi
mile from Watscnville; a rare snap.
S14CO— 26 aert?s of sandy loam land- 1*H
miles ft-cm R. It town; flne for poultry.
515CO — 5 acres of level. l»nd; good dwelling;
W mile from U. R. station; near small town.
6 miles from Watsonvllle; would make a splen-
did poultry ranch.
$2'.'5O — 25 acris, 3 miles frcm Watsanvllle: 6-
room house; living springs piped to house;
good barn; 100 chicken* and all tools, etc
$.1C0i> — "0 acres of land; good Improvements:
near tov.-n 6 miles from Watsonville; flne reads-
lOi'O bearinr walnut trees; 3CO four-year-old
apple tre*s; 5 acres hay: spring water.
$3000 — '-5 acres of land; good dwelling and
barn; spring water; 2 acres timber; 6 acres
potatota; balance grain; 6 mllea from Wat-
sonvlJk.
$">C0O— 50 ac«3 of land. S miles from small
town; 7 acres orchard, apples, peaches and
other fruits; 5-room dwelling: barn; spring
water piped. 25 acres grain, balance land ia
timber; all farming implements go with place.
$3250 — (J acres of rich land; modern 5-room
dwelling; 2 milea from Wataonrille, on mala
county road; 4 acres Newton pippin apples;
' one of the finest homes in the Pajaro Valley.
$"3000 — 10 acrea. 2>,i mites out, all Ia apple
orchard and bearing; flne house; good out-
buildings; horse, . harness, buggy, surrey, SO
chicken*, all household gcods, etc.- go with
place; cne of th<» best homes in Pajaro Val-
ley.
$5CC0 — 15 acres, 3 miles out. 10 acrea In
apples apricots and berries; good 5-room hous*;
barn, »tc. ; 1 cow. 250 chickens, 2-horse double
and single wagons. 1 disc cultivator, 1 plow, 2
harrov,-8. 12 tons hay; household goods and all
• farm implements, also growing: crops, go with
place.
Do you vish io buy a ranch- or home in
California? S If so, drop us a line, letting us
know the kind of place and in which locality
you dtsire and we will give you our best bar-
gains which answer your descriptions. Have
you a tancb cr city property you wlsn to close
out at once? If so, it will pay you to con-
' suit vs.
We have a large 'list of city and country
properties for sale In all sections of California.
You should come and see us if you want to go
Into the chtctan- business;- we have several
bargains near Petaluma, Watsonvllle, Napa
and other tewns. Write, call or phone.
EURR & YOUNG,
40 Montgomery st. ,Son Francisco.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
"A splendid farm- of 212 acres: 10 minutes*
drive from the beautiful town ' of St. Helena.
Napa Co.; ?tJo.CGO has been expended on this
property; t>5 acres resistant vines: 15 acres fine
orchard ;- soil a deep heavy loam; a natural
reservoir, fed -from springs on premises, ca-
pp.city 3,000,000 gallons;, positively the best
watered farm in the West; 2-story residence
and summer house, costing $15,000; the house
l<i on a small hill and overlooks the most beau-
tiful valley in the world and is the most ac-
ceptable sanitarium location in the West: last
year this farm cleared $30<.t> nets must be sold
at once; price $2S,000; will exchange for Pan
Francisco property. ' BARNETT & COSBr
room 1C5, Bacon block, Oakland.
FOR rent— Ranch of. 160 acres, 6 miles from
Martinez; about 15 acres in orchard and
vineyard and plenty of hay land, producins
about 3 tons to the acre; all hill and Verv
' rich land;- rent $300. RIANDA * CO.. e27
Montgomery st.
EALE cr exchange for city property; sacrifice'
153 acres, Napa Ca; 00 acres In cultivation:
fruit, vines and (rain; fully equipped aad
. paying: beautiful place; gentleman's home.
6HADBURNE. 409 Montgomery st
XtEAT. EffTATI— COUmaT — Tct Sals,
W. J. WHlTEi -ut ■->.-£ ~j«..<.-
CHICKET; RANCHES CVtmZWU£PXi
EXCHANGES.
•$4 60 per acre — 0 miles 'tf Ctoverdals- and
railroad: 400O acrea. eomprislnc the best stocjc
! raaca and especially adapted to sheep; 2 fin*
( Iivls2 streams run several miles through th*
I VUntUljn caxeful estimates place the . oa*.
j stumpag* at 125.UK> cords, for which w» have
' aa offer of 25 cents per cord on contract wtta
j cash payment annually whether wood ia cut or
I not ; wood alcne more than pays far toe place.
■ $12.S0u— 344 acres rich aUuvial soil; 2 miles
' of two thriving railr&ad towns -and not far
' from Lodl. San Joaquia County; small almond
| orchard; good bcuse. • rocics and housa for
1 help: Cue barn holdinr 100 tons; wagoa she4;
; blacksmith shop; windmill, 5000 gailcn tarJi;
j fenced and ' cress-fenced; terms or exchasgs;
i g;it-*dge bay property.
;Kw — On died drive; 1 mile of Uvermore;
I 4O acres healthy, full bearing vineyard; ai»ut
, 5 acres fruit; plain dwelling; barn: good w»:;
; and wln&EiTl; 2 y«ars' crop WU1 pay for th.s
t place.
13000— 23 acres: 1 mile of Courthouse aad
! Hlzh EchocI; 5 acres Cna atfalfe; 10> acres
Bartlett pears and ataioais; balance a:ri.i
t land? 2 wells; fully enuipped pumplnj plant;
- dwelling.* bara. poultry houses; drying plant;
' half cash. ~~
$40u0— S3 acres level Icam Iir.d near e:.tJ.-».
' 12 acres apricots, 12 French prunes: family
• orchard: & acres Bartiett pears; 5- room eot-
{ tas:; tar- ; 12 poultry houses; brooder
houses; 2 wells; windmill and tank; would
i subdivide on ea3y terms or accept usiasjrT3v#d
• lots In part payment.
}G0<>— Almost . adjoins, stores. ■ P. O.. aad «
i miles of Anderson; 10 acres: « acres baarisg
; peaches; cabin 14x24; uad«r Irrigation ditch;
i well fenced: poultry men. Investigate Quick.
$1000 cash . required, balance, any time to
J please you; 40 acres ail under Caa lrrigatioa
I system: 25 ia full bearing fruit; 6-rooa, ar.3
■ bath cottage: barn, stable: 5 acres rich hay
: land for alfalfa; balanca timbered pasture; 1
mile of Ccurthocse and depot; don't wait to
write, but come and Investigate.
; $300 down; 1 mile of R. R. Uxwn; IS acres
J level black loam; no buildings: well fenced;
! 13 acres full bearing pears and Trench prases;
j fin* creek for pccltry; prlc* $2000. any terms.
■ $4000»— Best hop land la Sonorsa County; 4>
j acres. 8 miles of Santa Rosa; large h-ph ,-j* ■;
i 9 head of Jersey cows; bogs: 4"0> hens; wagon,
j buggy. 2 sets of harness, span htrrses. farming
tocls. dairy b:tj:'«. - fsrnJtare: bay this and
make money faster than they d» Ia the Mint
XS500 — Clca* to ""7*5* City: SO acres rich,
level land: 23 acres la errhar! 13 years old:
good 9-rooia hsus*; larr* bara. windmill and
tank; drying pUst. pocltry yards: horses, cat-
tle; farming tacls: good furniture; fine toiame;
! half cash.
\ 52500 — 23 acres, half mVl'.r\g and" balance
level; near Santa Resa. 3 milas of Kenwood: .
'< rich land; 2 acres orchard ; vUieyard;. creek. 2
I wells; nice cottage. 5 motzs: Iarg9 .-bam;
; fenced into 4 fields; 5 poultry- houses, large
j wire netting- yards. ISO laying hess: good
I horse. 3 cattle: spring wagoa. top bcxry: 4
! tons hay; eas-r terms.
$475O— On Guadalupe Creek, south «f Baa
< Jose; 33 acres; 12 In full bearing orchard 1 ia
; flne condition: balance gently flspina; Cne hay
i land: fine creek; 25 magniflcent eak trees: 4-
| room cottage: good stable: flne Income: we
' have a choice list of small homes in Santa
Clara County; pleased to drive yoa around an.3
show them.
KflZO — 2 mQes of Sonoma City? 10 acres level
I garden soil: 8"*4 acres bearinr vines; 1 acre
} fruit: good dwelling, barn, poultry-houses;
• horse, wagen. carts, plow*. 8 sets harness.
tcols. -wine press, tanks and casks; furniture:
fine erer.
$1700— 23 acres, close to Callstogs.: atfaptM
to vines and trees: family orchard; coxy 5-
room cottage: good barn; flne water.
$400 down — 5 acres good land, with new,
hard finished cottage of 5 rooms and bath:
large brooder-hcrose, 2 Incubators, brooders: a!l
farming tools; near Petaluma; price $2000.
55"^>0— Only 1 mi'e of Haywards: 87 acre*
i flne land; 4 acres bearing- orchard: raodsrn
i house, 6 rooms and bath: finest bam la eoonty.
| alone cost «4nrw>: fine view; this is the best buy
. la the vicinity.
» LODI. l/pOT.
The town that has the •"SNAP" to It: the
i sectloa that -has the most fertile soil la th»
I San Joaaula Valley; fine roadj; water trans-
1 portatlcn.
I We are subdividing a choice traet !a 10-acre
: lots: only 2*^ ml!«s from town: surrosnded b7
modern homes and flne orchards and vineyard?:
: soil rich, btack.- sandy loam. 12 feet deep:
. school en the tract: S75 per aen—: this win not
; last over 30 days: first come, first served.
512CO— 10 acres In vine ar.d fruit b«!t. near
) Lcrti: sandy Icam: S-rwra kwisr and 1 bam.
Send stamp for the largest and most d'versl-
I fied printed list on th? coast. »
"WHITE & BAYLET.
Successors to
"W. J.- VV HITU.
26 M^nt^omery st. room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty-
FOR SALE— A real home for a gent!(»man. 60
miles from Baa Franci.«co: almost free frcm
fee;; no malaria: no* irrigation required, cr Is
splendidly adanted 1 fcr a sanirarium, or a!!
the year 'rciind country hote!. Can fee ha.l
at a baj-ra'.n owing to removal.
The Olives, an elegant hom<* wtthiTi S mllea
of Santa Rons, the county !>*at off Sonor-ia
Cour.ty. Cal.. Is beautifully situated on the
east slew* and fct -of Rlncon HeiBh:s. ccn-
sist* cf HI"* acr»s. IP cf which Is rich bottom
land, havinr a !«• cf table grape*, good
large barn carriage h^usw. <oo<f 4- ; rocia cot-
tage f-r help, rood well, windmill and tank:
the upland t» a gentle slope fa'tns; the e»«t
i ,and crrnins sun; has a *r>lendid modern 12-
j room rr.ar.s'.cn. sraclcu* hall* and large ve-
r randa. t-e entire buHdinr has a cut stone
foundation and flne basement; there ar* four
lars^ trick chimneys bul't on outside of
house and 8 flne larze places with maate'.s,
separate brick flue for large kltchea and
laundry: pure water and complete eystera if
water w«-.rk» ar.d good sewerage: this build-
Ing Is situated In a lovely noflk amid 8
acres cf native tre»s of cak. isadror.e, p!n».
manian!ta. holly berries, shrubbery, roses
and flowers;- User© are .numerous convenient
outbuildings, chicken hot»?9. pigeon hateh-
ery. etc; last but not lenst as the name Im-
plies, there are over 15 acres of b»artn?
olives, cf the best Imported Italian, French
and Spanish varieties, the very choicest for
manufacture cf cir and clckjinr: also a.
nun-.ter of walnut, apple, prune, pear, cher-
ry, peach, flsr and oranee trees: this Is one
of tlie very chclcest ar.3 best spots, ireneral
mak^-up. e!«gance. quality, climate and loca-
tion ccnsld?»ed- Fcr Price, terms and par-
ticulars cs»H on er address OUT H.
Cr.CSSE. BS1 Humboldt st. Eant* Rosa, Cal.
! ATTRACTIVE bargains, near etty of Stockton; .
5 acres, house, bam. windmill: 2 acrea vines;
2»L- in grain: 3 tons hay in bam: 50 chickens.
; cow. hc-s?. harness, wagon and implements;
: price $<45O.
26 acres finest fruit or alfalfa aa the rr.ar-
ket; Fri<-e SHOO.
40 acres: r.lce> cottajre; barn, wladnsin;
land now to crop: very cheap at $2750;
« acres on Irrigation, canal: flne alfalfa, land:
, $t!i>.
ICO acres flne strain, fruit or alfalfa land;
elegant improvements; SC3 per acre. . ■
60-acre fruit and general farm: 15-acre er-
chard; god «-rocm house; bara and otheT
bui Mings; price *23C0.
P. H. JOrj>AN* & CO.. f-Vt Market «t. or
RHODES & DUDLEY. 27 North Hunter st,
Stocktcn. Cal.
A GOOD> HOME FOR LITTLE M.O"VEY. .
23 acres of black loam land, situated la the
famous .Pajaro Vall»y. the celebrated a?r\»
producing district of. the western slope San-
ta Cruz County: 1CC0 apple trees. half'Jfew-
> town Pirpins and Bellflowers now commeno.
| ins to bear; balance of tract Is planted t»
peas, potatoes, corn and all kinds of sariea>
truck: lmcrovements consist of good bara
and dwelling; aU wpt! f?r.ced; a stream run*
through tbe tract, which caa be utilized in
the Irrigation cf a f=w acres ©f berries la
connection with 'the fruit industry; this
would make a first-class poultry ranch, hav-
ing the test market in the State; both Mon-
terey ami Santa Crus IS miles distant. Far
further particulars of sa!a apply
GAFFEY A MAHON'. 11 Montgomery st.
A NUMBER one 420-acre foothill general
farm, G miles, by an excellent county road,
from railroad town in Santa Clara County-
all good Ian4; 100 acres practically level- CO
acres of which Is highly cultivated (15 acres
resistant vineyard, some alfalfa, balance
cropped to grain, etc.): fully 40W) cords of
wood, worth $0 a cord: liv:ng creek. mar.y
springs, very good residence. Al bara, etc.:
everything conducive to xrospcrlty; good
health and happiness: price $10,000: cash or
i reasonable terms, or will take part la ex-
change; mfztat subdivide. Apply t» O.
CONORADO. 31» Taylor st. city.
t .
$5C0O— «0 ACRES of land. aU under . ealtlva-
• ! tlon. wlta improvements, la orchard section
of Putter County; only three mil es" fror»
, county seat and on line of new irrtc»i:ca
i ditch.
A snap if taken sooa. but will not kse».
M. S. NBWKOM.
•06 Second st. Uarysvllle. C*L
• J C20 ACRES — Improved: positively a barsain;
; P miles from Sacramento; $;J5 per a- re ca?h;
I will exchange for Berkeley. Oakland or S.»n
Francisco property, vacant or. income; will
; divide in three tracts.
•: BARNETT ft COSBY. '1C3 Bacon block.
| Oakland.
" A DESCRIPTIOX that will not disappoint
when you see the general farms. -hop. frutt
• and chicken' ranches for sale by JOHN A.
1 "WILLIAMS. Sebastopol. Sonama Co.. Cal.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEXERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best taatl
barf a Ins In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
1 -648 Market st. ; • -
t HALF Block. Red Bluff, unlneumbered. ewn-
tral location, for sale oc exchange. Box 2SS4,
r j- CaU office. . .
• FOR farms, stock ranches, orchards and, Tlas»
; yard lands, call or »«nd for catalogues^
; ROTHERMEL A. CO... 507 California. st.
I .
FOR "sal* or trade— Ranch, •toci.. tools*
s "WIDAW, 823 Market st.. room iStt. . .HXAI. ESTATE — COUTTTBT — Tor Pal*. I
1«)K h-rct-ctead— Kint- vacant quarter ilctioia '
In the Stockton 3«nrd District. }\.r ;>artie-
P™-^!. .'2 U rr " tl<lr "" < with hit.!! C. H. I
_U THAN. Stockton. Cal.
GOVERNMENT !lml»r" UndTvaiiable for lo-
cr.tion . acc<*»iM* : Srtfo value In each \i sec.
L^D. MATTHUAYS. SOo FISbcrt St.. Oakland.
co r NT . RA Costa County real estate for »aae.
fend for lift. P. J. VTEST. Martinez. Cal.
*EAX,JESTATE^TO EXCHiUOE.
1C0 ACRES of goad level "l'a'nd %n Lake County*
rear Kel*eyvllle to exchange for Oakland,
iierkelry or A'.ameda property. P. C LAS-
PEN & pp.. «cc Tenth «t.. Oakland. Cal.
SAN MATEO -SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN KUANC1SCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa site* ar.d acreage. Don't fall
to •<* u* tWcre buying. Invevtlgate San Mateo
l'ark. the ideal r-T'^rty o{ ln em all. Lou of
about one acre each. Hound to be most valu-
able; $300 l:p.
HAYWAKD -• nOITlON.
Adjoining the tow p. Ilusdnets and residence
lots. Street work complete. Covered with ml-
Jwtlc ocks. Eaty term*. See our local agent.
Krtr.k S. Orumiaon. San Mateo office open
Bandar-
BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 25 Post st.
HZZ
X.OM1TA PAKK— On line of ban Mateo electne
cars, 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts. ;
outside the fog belt ar.d Just beyond wher* j
• the S. P. Co.'s bay ehore •cut-off" will Join
the main lir.e ; &O-f not lets from $400 up.
lerma from $10 to $50 down and baiaac* at
rate of $10 a month: »*»*r ani water pipes
in front cf ever)' lot: pure artesian well
water; over one-!:alf lots sold since August
1; an exceptional opportunity to recure h lot
tn this desirable oectlon: take the electric
car» and get off at '"LOMITA PARK" and
tsxesticaie: maps sent on application.
EKLBY RODGERS * CO..
m California rt.: Te|. Main «>T3
HAr~AED5 SEAL ESTATE.
$7S00— 25\ acres, house. S rooms. barn,
windmill and tank: partly In fruit and crapes;
2 rrile* from Haward*.
*'"•'»• — 12H acre;"; house, 5 rooms. bam.
w1n<Jm!!l and tank, chicken house*, etc.: In
eprirote and eherrle*: S-mlle from Haywards.
*:.<««. — jo acre*; 7 acre* in orchard. 2 tn
alfalfa; 4-room house, tank house, tank and
windmill, barn, chicken houres and yards; flne
location; 4 blocks from cood school and rail-
roed station.
$4000 — 6 acres, house, 5 rocms- and bath,
barn, brooder houses. 2 incubators: 500 young
r-uMet*. hor»e. cow. waron and farmlne uten-
• !!<■: rlcwe to schuol; 2 mile* from town.
$175 per acre. ?0 acre* flne soil: 3 blocks
from good school; gocd location; lij-mlles from
.Haywards.
RAMAGE & BTANTOX.
Real Estate and Insurance.
Tfl. RIack 23. Haywards. Cal.
EX.— LM.UK.gT SEA— ESTATE.
$t>00— ACREAGE: 5 to 10 acre tracts. $CO0
per acre; on P. P. R. R. track.
$K<K> — 4-room house and lot: bath, pantry and
toilet: half block from electric cars.
If you want suburban property see JAMES
J. 0~TOOLT;. Elrr.hurst.
FAZUCS AJTS BATCHES TO LEASE. !
Sit ACRES: house 6 rooir.s. furnished; barn"; j
Ft«b!e; chicken houses: for. a term of y«ars.
chfap. JOSEPH STRAUB. CO Market. S. F.
EEA I. ESTATE WAJTED. j
WANTED — 5 acres and houses near Burlin- i
irarr.e. Box 2321. Call.
PBOFEBTT WASTED.
■ I.. j
To buy— 2 or 3 good flats: from $10,000 to j
» I5.tr.it. Lqx 2VCS. Call.
ALA31EDA ADVERT ? S ? -TT8
ALA-tEDA REAL ESTAVJ\
A FEW FINE BARGAINS.
$2230 i
Iiu>f a beatiful n«w modern 5-room cottage; !
mooero j>Jumbing; gas and electricity; fine lot; I
a map.
$2500.
::. c- : : comer lot ugether with
NEW S-ltOOM COTTAGE.
I»t «Cxl70; flve-rocm cottage; Central eve,
J2U00.
Lot 4^xlO0; nve-rouro cottagee; good location,
£ix-room. colcnial. 14-story (new); must be
A beautiful 5-room. 'l«i -story bouse; lot 30
$5000.
Fine corner lot; fe rooms and bath; wcrth
$TCOO.
Houses and lots !n Alameda
At all Prices.
Easy Terms. Ea»y Terms. Easy Terms.
Purchase a home in Alameda while there
remains a chance to get It at cost.
Property will double In value with a modern
electric system socn to be Installed.
Houses Built. Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
• 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
A HOU6E FOR EVERYBODY.
Thirty lots from $1<» to $1« i»er front foot;
five minutes from Fifth st. station; $50 down,
balance easy terms.
Homes faora $1000 ud on terms; must be
•eea to be appreciated. i
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A ftn<: 7-room hous*. modern, near Morton
•t. etatlon: for San Francisco property.
JUST SUBDIVIDING.
One cf the best blocks on Santa Clara ave.:
3 minute*' walk to either narrow or broad
caure station; win be eold on terms.
Suitable for a residence and large garden:
electric cars pass the property; a block of land
on San Jose ave., near Versailles station:
rtCi^o; a bargain.
Two 4-room flats In flne location oa Pacific
ave.; at a bargain.
Or.e-story aad basement cottage; upper flat
pays tn\e»tment.
A. R. DENKE. 1400 Webster St.. Alameda.
Or C. A. POMEROY. 11 Montgomery st.. Eaa
Francisco.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
The Leading and Reliable Real Estate
Dealers.
SO-tE GOOD BUYS.
House cf 6 room*, on Park ave.; lot 50x150;
price $1750: this Is a good buy.
$22OO— Dtautlful 5-room cottage, north side
of street; modern; lot S£xl25.
$2250— Just completed; lot 40x110; chance of
a llleUme.
DO YOU WANT A HOME?
If so. den't over lor. k this chance.
Good rottare of € rooms; windmill and tank;
corn— r lot. 108x175; this is the best buy In
Alameda; price $4250.
Bullying Lots a Specialty.
Open Sunday.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
THE LEADING AND RELIABLE AGENTS.
GREAT BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
• $13,000— Sherman St.; house 12 rooms; lot
75x150.
fJOOO-Eherman ft.; house 8 rooms; lot »0x
ISO.
$37tO—Morton st.; xotUse 6 rocms : lot 50x
150.
«3500 — Clinton ave.; house S rooms- lot 80x
140.
$35C0 — Clinton ave.; house 8 rooms: lot 50x
140.
$2500— Llnccln ave.; cottage C room*: lot 50x
130.
S2S5O— raric ave.: cottage S rooms
£2700— Eagle ave.; elegant cottage 5 rooma;
lot 4Cxl50. _ '
$45flo— Chestnut et. ; modern' house 7'room*-
lot 40x!5O.
All the*e rroper!l«-« are modern, choice lo-
catlor.r and are Iwtng offered for about one-
fcalf of .their value. Give u« a call
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park et.
HAWKS & MEHRTENS
Will bul'.d you a home and let the rent nav
tnr It. Several new homes for sale; low prl-'e
and cary terms. Chclre building- lots In all
|art» <>f Alameda r>n terms to suit. It will
I<iy you to *ee us If you intend tr» own your
own home. Cqrner Seventh and Railroad ave.
TWENTY homes, new and comparatively new
in all part* of Alameda. one and t— o stcrle*: >
n real estate butinc**: a milk buxlnewc; a
furniture business: r.ll kinds nf banning;
housef and flats-, fumlyhod and unfurnls-hf-d! :
to rent. H. It. AITON CO.. I2S3 Park it. j
LARGE lots. 1SS f*et deep: any frontage; *1Q
per front foot; $SO cash and $10 per month, j
Call at Railroad ave. and Fifth st. and ste J. .
H. YOUNG, owner, at new building. •
BERKELEY ADVEirrS'KTS 1
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
Pl.OFITS In Realty are made by knowing
what REAL ESTATE to go BY
And what REAL ESTATE to go
This office has alway-j made a prac-
tice of handling and disposing of prop-
erty strictly on their merits.
Investors consulting us for an ap-
praisal, before purchasing property.- ...
We design and build Berkeley homes
of the most modern and attractive j
style, for rent or for tale.
Intending purchasers or tenants are
respectfully Invited to investigate our
services. '• --•
We have successfully served others.
We can successfully serve you.
Yours for anything 10 our line.'
Buying. Selling. Building. Renting.
. Collecting and Insurance.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO.,
2149 Center ft.. Berkeley Station.
Key Route Terminus.
FAIRVIEW PARK.
Prices will positively be raised Jan. 1. 10C5.
UNPRECEDENTED RECORD.
SALES IN THIS TRACT UNSURPASSED.
Full 50- foot frontage lots for ?000 till the
new year.
All rtreet* sewered, graded, macadamized
and sldewalked.
Or.ly one-quarter cash, balance. 1, 2. 3 year*. !
PRICES RAISED JANUARY 1. 10C5..
Get map and make selections at once.
Take electric cars at Lorin station.
PROCRASTINATION IS THE THIEF OF
OPPORTUNITY. ,.;:,•
JOS. J. MASON.
Office at the park or Berkeley station.
San Francisco office. 421 California st. j
| j
A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY. '
$32T>O — New 2-story colonial house. 8 large '
room?, bath. 2 toilets, dining-room and li-
brary; paneled in hardwoods, myrtle and
maple; one minute from Ashby station on
improved main avenue; ca*h $230 and month- I
ly t*yments. H. I). IRWIN. Lorin station.
South Berkeley: open Sundays.
AMONG THE BEST.
$2<VW> — Modern cottagre. 0 rooms, bath etc.; ;
high basement, electric light and gas; lot
40x135; street work and cement walks done; i
flne loeatirn above R. R. Tract, close to
Dwight way Etatlon: cash $S50, balance easy
Installments. H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station. !
S..utr Berkeley: o:*n Sundays. (1971)
A DESIRABLE RESIDENCE. '
$27'iO — New llj-story sharp roof house. 5
r<v>ms. bath, etc.: 2 toilets; fine mantel: lot
40x135; street work done ana cement walks
laid; easy distance from university; ca»h !
$500. balance like rent. (1005) ;
j H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station. South Berkeley. ■
Open Sundays.
j ■ . .
A GREAT BARGAIN. :
$2400^ — Nearly new 2-story house, 8 flne rooms,
bath, etc.; electric llpht; lot 50x100; close to I
Ftatlon; email cash payment and easy month- ,
ly installments. " (1039) ;
H. D. IRWIN, Lortn station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. '
- i
"TRUTH IS MIGHTY." :
In the5e columns we have been telling you
some truths about Berkeley property and many '
ptrsons have been Investigating and have con- '
vir.ced themselves, as our sales will show. !
Do you realize that
A HOME IN BERKELEY i
Ir a step toward Independence? Why not In- :
vestlgate at once. Why "pay your landlord 12
per cent or more when you 1 can save half of
It and have your OWN HOME In the end.
THINK ABOUT IT!
35 minutes and a 6-cent fare to the? city.
We hav e some flne properties or will build
what you want. For your Interest look uu
the McGEE TRACT.
FRANCIS FERRIER.
2121 Ehattuck ave.. Berkeley.
At the Key Route terminus.
$2C50 — NEW 2-story bouse. 6 rooms, near sta- '
tlon: $2OO cash. - (119)
$1600 — Bungalow, 4 rooms, lot 50x158. (120)
$1600 — Cottage. 4 rooms. 1 block from station:
. J3O0 cash. (123)
$3150— Two flat*. 4 rooms each; rents $33;
main avenue, near station. (117)
$2375 — Cottage. 5 rooms, high basement, part
finished, lot 50x135, near station: easy
payments. (Ill)
$S250- — Elegant new house, 8 rooms, en main
avenue, 3 blocks from station; J5O0 c-ath.
balance to suit. (141) .
$C400 — Elegant new 2-story house on one of the
prettiest streets in South Berkeley; block
from station and electric cars. 7 rooms.
bath; modern In every particular; paneled
dining-room, cement walk around house;
small payment down, balance to suit.
If you want to buy, make your wants
known to us and we will find It for you:
If you want to sell, list with us and if I
price Is right we will sell It for you.
HEDEMARK & JACK CO.. 3217 Adeline St..
Lorfn-Berkeley.
City Office, 11 Montgomery.
$2.100— SPLENDID comer In Berry-Bangs
Tract. N.W. Russell and Regent; fully
Improved.
$900 — Fine corner; Woolsey and Prince. 45x i
125. / -.,■:• \
$1,750 — Finest corner In Hopkins Terrace; ,
8.W. Glen ave. and Arch nt,
11.500— Sightly corner In the Wheeler Tract;
also a good lot for $S50.. - |
$2,500 — A large lot on Ridge road, near Eu-
clid ave. : come and see it.
$5.350 — Lovely home on Hllgard. near Euclid
ave. i
; $C,250 — Up-to-date. 9-room house on Virginia j
et.. Scenic Park, belonging to a .pro- 1
fessor of the U. C.. built to order./
$10,000— See that fine home. cor. Euclid and
Virginia.
W. J. MORTIME71 tc CO..
2123 Center st.. Berkeley station.
AS the new year approaches It becomes time
to buy. We have choice lots In the
HOPKINS TERRACE TRACT
WHEELER TRACT.
DALEY SCENIC PARK.
McGEE TRACT.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
BERRY-BANGS TRACT.
FAIRVIEW PARK.
Berkeley representatives .Santa Fe No. 6.
Houses all sizes, from the largest to the small-
est; from the cheapest to the most expensive.
JUSTER & BAIRD. 2137 Bhattuck ave.
"WE SELL THE EARTH." -
$C50— FIXE lot. near Lorin. 50x125.
$775 — The best lot In town, 37:6x89 2-3;
sidewalk and street, work done.
$S00— Fine" lot, 40x120; sidewalk and street
work done.
JSOO— Lot 40x135: on Grove et, south of Vine.
$1100— Lot Wxl30: on Parker, east of Milvia.
We have three 6-room cottares that must
be sold at once that are excellent bargains; i
we have several beautiful new homes for. rent '
that must be seen to be appreciated: If you
are looking for a home to buy or rent give
us a call.
NEWTON & NEEDHAM,
2131 Center St.. .-
.Berkeley, Cal. .<
CHENE1' & CO.,
P.EAL ESTATE. INSURANCE.
WE BUY. SELL AND EXCHANGE.
WILL BUILD YOU A HOME
ON SMALL PAYMENT DOWN.
BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
FACTORY SITES IN WEST
BERKELEY. WITH TRACK • f
A FEW CHOICE BARGAINS
IN LOTS.
CHKXKT & CO..
T-MPORARY QUARTERS AT ROOM 12,
UNIVERSITY SAVINGS BANK BLDG.
$1700— COZY 5-rcom home: lot : •0x110; street
■work complete; three mlnutea from Ashby
station.
52000 — Handsome, well-built 4-room house;
high basement; all modern conveniences:
lot 50x105: street work done; handy to all
cars and trains; this is a big sacrifice. .
$2100 — Six-rof-m house and basement:- one min-
ute from Ashby station: fine lot:, street
work done; only $000 cash needed, balance
like rent. . ■ . . - .
C. C. EMSLIE. Real Estate, Ashby fc'taticn.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, 1 DECEMBER 11,' 1904.'
I BERKELKYADVEKTyytS"
y.EHKE-E Y BEAT. ESTATE.
SANTA FE TRACT NO. 6.
BEAUTIFUL BUILDING LOTS. Very con-
venient to UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
to PUBLIC SCHOOLS, electric street car linea
■ and the KEY ROUTE. J
THE LOCATON is on the . SOUTH SIDE of \
Alcatraz ive.. extending tv/o blocks west from •
College ave. toward South llarkeley. j
THE ALTITUDE is L'04 feet above high
tide. ■ I
THE VIEW embraces the nearby Berkeley !
Hills on the east, the Golden Gate, Alcatraz,
Mount Tamalpals and Sen Francisco on the
west.
GROVES of stately eucalyptus trees and
others adjoin the property. CIoej at hand are
the wooded ravines of the Berkeley Hills.
ATTRACTIVE, MODERN HOUSES are rap-
Idly building In this locality.
RICH, LOAMY SOIL: flowers all the year.
CLIMATE mild and delljrhtful.
STREET WORK. Including grading, curb- !
Ing. guttering, sewering, macadamizing and i
cement sidewalks at seller's cost. Lot buyers
boar none of this expanse.
::5 MINUTES irom this tract to San Fran-
cisco by the new Key route.
1 40- FOOT LOTS; $700 and $750.
EASY TERMS; one-fifth cash, balance $15
monthly. Have a home NOW on easy monthly
payments like rent.
X SPLENDID INVESTMENT, as well as
ld^al home sites, will be found In these lots. •
which, bought to-day at the present low,
start-off prices, should increase 40 to 50 per j
cent In value within a year. «
BRANCH OFFICE corner of Alcatrai and ,
College aves. OPEN EVERY DAY. From ,
San Francisco, take Key route to South Herke- ,
ley (Lorin). Thence 5 mlnutts by electric j
street cars on Alcatraz &ve.
SEND POSTAL. FOR MAPS, descriptive
matter and ilrtures of beautiful homes.
HOLCOMB. BREED &' BANCROFT. Inc..
10»« BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. San Francslco Agent,
321 Market st.
BARGAIN — New cottage. 5 rooms, bath, pan-
try, mantel, fnldln* doors, concrete founda-
tion, hish basement, city water; 'J blocks to
Key loute station: lot 50x100: price $2300;
terms. $250 ca.«h. balance $20 monthly. This
Is a crackerjack. Oyn Sunday.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
j " Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
NEW 4-room cottage, bath, pantry, city water;
lot 30x100; price. $1«00: terms, $200 cash,
balance. $18 monthly: 2 blocks to station,
stores, school and chuch. Open Sunday.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
BARGAIN— 5-room cottage; S-foot basement,
bath, pantry, city water, also well water;
fruit trees, stable and chicken house; price,
$1450: terms. $150 cash. balance $16 50
monthly; less than rent. Open Sundays.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorln Station. South Berkeley.
j $1450— New 5-room cottage, bath, wash
j ba*in. stationary nibs, hot and cold water; .
j high basement: one block to cars; $300 to $500
; ca.«h. balance $15 per month. Snap; see It.
$2800— $800 cash, balance $25 per month: 8
1 large rooms; all modern; lot $50x135; fruit
trees, work all done.
$300 to $C0O— Street work all done; $25 cash,
balance S5 and $10 tier month.
j $1500— $320 cash, balance $15 per month; 4
I large rooms; good well and city water: lot
: 40x13.1.
i $21CO — $200 cash, balance $20 per month; 5
! large rooms and bath: stationary wavhtuba;
flne mantel: hlch basement: cement walks;
1 street wcrk all done; 2 blocks to both trains.
■ $2200 — $1100 caph. balance flat mortgage; 8-
rocm house: lot 7tixlOO; 3 blocks to train; re- .
duced from $3000 for quick «ale.
; W. ' C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
1 ALBEE & CORYELL.
I SOME ESPECIALLY GOOD BARGAINS.
$2600 — Nice 6-room cottase, west frontage;
ea*y terms.
$4500 — Large 9-room house, east of Telegraph;
i south frontage; lot 00x135. A map; worth
'. over *5000.
- $2655 — Splendid corner in Berry-Banrs Tract,
south and east frontare. ' '
' $3575 — Corner, south and west frontage. Splen-
did unobstructed view.
f Business lots are becoming scarce, but we
have two or threa especially good business of-
; ferlngs.
Eight-room house, south frontage, good lo-
' catlcn for rentlnj.
ALBEE & CORYELL, 2139 Center st.
Real Estate and Insurance.
i REAL BARGAINS. HOUSES OWNERS ARE
: ANXIOUS TO PELL.
All on Daved streets and convenient to U.
C. and trains. ( ij / w
$1850 — 0 rooms; rood location: near In.
$27fO — 6 rooms; new.
$3700^ — 10 rooms; large lot; trees 1 and flowers.
$3!>r>0 — H rooms: new; near In; cut price.
] $4000 — 7 rooms: attractive: fine location.
j $4500 — 8 rooms: new; very nice; flne view,
i $4.100 — 10 rooms; 2 flats; new; good for 12
| per cent.
Lots on r>aved streets, near U. C, at prices
' all the way from $3TiO to $50O.
J LYMAN ALLEN. 2120 Center et.
' STOP PAYING RENT AND OWN YOUR
OWN HOME.
We have several homes that we can recom-
mend at the prices:
$'UO0 — C-room cottatre en Oxford street;
terms.
$3100 — C-room house, new; Hearst ave.;
; terms.
• $3100— 7-room cottage, Garber street; terms.
$3750 — 6-room house, new; Dana street;
terrrs.
$4000— 8-room boui>e, Benvenue ave.; terms.
R. A. BERRY & CO..
j. Postofflce Block. Berkeley.
i ■ — _____
LOTS.
$1100 — 50x125 on University ave.; north side
near Grant.
$300—40x135; Ruwiell Ft., near King.
$::<iC — 10x135— Oregon »t.. near CRlais.
$D. r .0— 40x100; Virginia ft., corner Louisa.
; *>Cit)— 40x120; east of College ave.
$.•{000— $400 cash, balance 8 per cent; new
' fi-room houn?: lot 40x115; 1 block of cars; 1
block of station.
; $1500 — 4 acres within 2 blocks of station;
not far out; well worth $2500.
MORAN & SWAIN.
Opposite Berkeley Station.
I AGAIN "call" your attention to the many
proj.ert!es, both lots and houses, and lots
which I have listed and consider cheap right
now: do not wait until January, .for prices
; are sure to advance: I can sell you land in
i quantities and prices to suit In any part of
t .Berkeley; have also houses In Oakland to
' exchange for Berkeley property; also coun-
I try property to exchange; everybody wants
to come to Berkeley, fo says
MILLS— THE REAL ESTATE MAN.
! -21C7 Shattuck ave.
I $."_r>0 — 6-ROOM new colonial house; snap.
S27OO — «-room new colonial house; snap.
j $1250 — 60-foot corner lot; central location -
, ICO-foot cement walk terrace; south front cen-
i tral; just what a contractor wants.
Can offer exceptional terms If you buy a
| houee this month. t
< ISGRIGG & HARRIS,
NW. cor. Dwight way and Shattuck ave.
i HOPKINS TERRACE.
j This beautiful tract, 500 feet elevation, more
I than half sold; ro-foot lots for sale from $500
: upward; beautiful view: easy terms: all street
. work done; map and prices to be had from
JOS. J. MASON,
SE. cor. Center *t. and Shattuck ave., Berke-
ley, or 421 California st.. S. F.
18-ROOM house; two blccks from Berkeley sta-
tion; nearly new and all modern; well
planned for boarding-house; In best location*
lot 50x137, fronting en one of Berkeley's fin-
est avenues; will rent In part or whole 1 or
sell at $7000.
D. L. JUNGCK. 2111 Shattuck ave.
$1600— FIVE-ROOM cottage: easy terms. "
$1250. .51300. ?10flO and up. 'according to
location; lots $350 and up; renting, collect-
ing
D..J1. RUTHERFORD,
(Lorln) South Berkeley.
S. B. KENFIELD & CO.,
REAL ESTATE.
REE OUR LIST. - '
2115 SHATTUCK AVE..
TERMINUS KEY ROUTE.
$500 — GOOD corner. 60x100: near school and
car lines. If taken soon, $2050: good 5-room
cottage: lot 50x135; street work all done.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave..
I Berkeley. Cal.
TWO vacant lots; 2 cottages and lots; also
large place for chicken ranch: all great bar-
gains; no agents. Call at 2917 Shattuck ave.,
near Ashby, any afternoon.
GOOD PURCHASE.
One lot. near North Berkeley station; 00x135-
price ?450. J. P. HALE, 2515 Shattuck ave..'
Berkeley.
For sale — R-room house; lot 00x135: flne place:
$3500: also new <5-room house, all latest lm-
. provement*. $3100; 3 blocks from North
. Berkeley station; easy terms. OWNER 1423
Grove st.. North Berkeley.
-^yjggJgyips-T. JfcQoraw *j~p wo v*tT> .
WILSON'S Inn. 2144 University ave.— A fins
modern house; central location. ' A. H. WIL-
EON.
FRUITVALE ADVERT'STS
raprrTAia beal estate.
FOR sale or to rent — Two chicken places, with
every thins complete, rent $10 per; month;
one place. 10 acres, chickens, pigeons, ducks
and horse and wapon: everything complete*
price to 'suit. M. H. KENISTON.; corner of
Hopkins st., and Peralta ave, ■ Address • Dl-
mond 1'. O.. Frultvale.
FRUITVALE ADVTSMyrS
H_ .rBUrTVAJLE BXAI._ESTATj!.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
Office ' one-half block from Frultvale station.
$200 cash— 2-room cottage, unfinished; city
water; close to cars and school; on high
ground; beautiful view; lot 45 'ft. frontage;
price all told $450.
$1000 — New cottage of 3 rooma; stable, wagon
shed; chicken-housts and yards; graveled walks;
nice garden; beautiful let, 2 frontages, 50x250;
close to cars.
$1250 — Nice rustic cottage of 4 large roome;i
pantry, buttery; all sewered; chlcken-houscs
and yards Inclosed in wire fence; nice garden;
fruit trees and flowers In abundance; close to
street car and school; let 35x204; nice creek
flows through property; large shade trees. •
$1150 — Neat 4-room, high-basement cottage:
all nlce:y fenced; good schools, churches and
poetofflce close by; property 50x100.
ONLY $200 cash— Beautllul home of 5 large
rooms, flne reception hall, bath, porcelain tub,
patent toilet; large pantry; choice location; fine
view; 2 car lines one block away; flne school
and church close by; price all told $2200: lot
50x123.
' $:i250 — Beautiful 5-room bungalow, all ele-
gantly paneled and decorated; handsome art
mantel; elegant bath; large 2-story barn; car-
riage-hous«e, chicken-houses; over ',4 acre of
ground; el«i'trlc cars pass the door; nestles at
the bnsc of the foothills; protected from the
high winds; close 'to the main county boule-
vard, which makes this very desirable prop-
tery; grammar school ana postofflce near by:
terms can be given with small cash payment
down; all Improvements brand new.
'•VkjO cash — Bpautliul home of 4 large rocms:
high basement; concrete foundation; flne well
of water: all set out in small .fruits; will make
a flne chicken ranch; no cold fogs or heavy
winds; -nestles at the base of the fcothllls:
ftrett car*, school, church and postofflce close
by: flne sandy soil; nearly one acre of ground;
price all told $2000: THIS IS A SNAP.
SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD
YOU A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY
PAYMENTS.
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract: flns
~oll; grand view; new homes rapidly going up:
no cold winds or wet fo«rs. and lots only $75
each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
H. BARKMEYER, ICOfl -Frultvale ave.. Fruit-
vale, Cal. Tel. Brcok 1721.
i $750 — House of 3 rooms: high basement: lot
50x122; macadamized street, one block
from school and car line; 5 short blocks'
from Fruitvale station; $100 cash, balance
$9 per month.
$1000— ?1CO cash, balance $11 per month; ele-
gant house of 5 rooms; flna mantel and
fireplace; corner lot. 50x100;- 4 blocks from
car line; worth investigating. .
$1400 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, barn and
chicken-houses: 25 fruit trees in bearing:
lot t>5xS5; in Upper Frultvale. one block
from electric car line; terms If desired.
$1500 — Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
porcelain bath tub. electric lights, con-
crnte foundation;. lot 40x125; one block
from school and car line; near Frultvale
station.
$2000 — Modern 2-story house of 6 large rooms
and bath: two bay-windows; flne veranda
up and down stairs; corner lot: 3 blocks
from Frultvale station: terms $200 cash,
balance $20 per month; see this before
buying, elsewhere; it's a bargain.
$2100— An excellent Investment en Frultvale
ave.. J-i block from Frultvale station: 2-
story building containing two modern flats
of 5 rooms and bath; rented for 124 per
month to good steady tenants; will net
about 0 per cent interest on your Invest-
ment: this is a rare opportunity; owner Is
anxious to pell.
$3000— ReJuced from $3500; 4t£ acres of gocd
land, mostly In bearing orchard; cottage
of 5 rooms, pantry and closets, barn and
chicken-houses, brooder-house. Incubator,
etc. ; extra good well of water, windmill
and large tank; situated In the warm belt
in Upper Frultvale: 15 minutes' walk to
electric car line; terms very reasonable;
this is a bargain and speculation.
For particulars apply to
HENRY BARKMEYER, 120t$ Frultvale are.,
Frultvale.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated In 1SS9.
REAL, ESTATE, INSURANCE AND MONEY
TO LOAN
VALENTINE G. HUSH. President.
S. R. THORNE. Secretary.
First National Bank, S. F., Treas.
100 WE SELL REAL ESTATE. Lots
100 Lots
100 Invest $100 and $10 4 month In Lots
100 Barka Park — Barka Park. Lots
100 Frultvale ave. — Frultvale ave. I»ts
100 One hundred choice lots. Lots
ICO The Realty-Pond and Finance Lots
100 Co. of Oakland has given exclusive Lots
100 authority to the Syndicate Invest- Lots
100 ment Company. Frultvale, to offer Lots
100 Barka Park lots at private sale. Lots
J00 The owners are to grade, curb, I»ts
100 macadamize and sewer all of the Lots
100 rtrert.* and plant attractive shade Lots
100 trees thereon at their own cost and Lota :
100 expense. This work will com- Lots
100 mence within a few days. ■ Lots
1C0 Sale bei;an Monday morning. No- Lots
100 vcmber 21, 1904. . Lots
100 The Syndicate Investment Co. has Lots
100 a very large lint of 3, 4. 5. 6, 7 and Lots
100 on up to 10 and 12 room houses for Lots
100 rale on reasonable terms. Lots
REMEMBER. WE HAVE
LARGEST LIST,
CHOICEST LOTS,
LOWEST- PRICES,
EASIEST TERMS.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Cor Ba«Mtt and Prftnam sts.,
Frultvale, Cal.
Phone Ash 587.
$500 — BLACKSMITH shop; flne location; clcwe
to the local train; pays $250 per month;
good one-man stand.
$16."»0 — $2o0 cash, balance easy payments: new
hou*e. 5 rooms and bath, pantry and high
basement; close to cars and local; lot
60x146.
$1650 — New house of 4 rooms; close to local:
flrrt-class location.
If you have a lot partly paid for or If you
have part of the money to pay for a lot and
would like to start to build
COME AND SEE US. : •" •
We have the plans or will draw them to suit
you and will build you a house; pay the bal-
ance on your lot and furnish the money to
build with and let you pay it back In easy
monthly payments.
/FOR RENT OR FOR SALE3
One atn» and 4-room house, close to electric
cars; rent $15 per month: sale price $2500.
M. C. GIBSON.
Phone Vale 2»0.
1320 Frultvale ave., close to East 14th St.
..Open evenings and Sundays.
SPECIAL : : "
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK
The terminus of 5-cent fare, Haywards cars:
| ftreets graded and graveled: stone *!d«walks:
' ddpot on tract; lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
, a.i.l balance $10 per month: 15 blocks to local
titln; bent located property on San Leandro
road: ern<3<-<! school on trart. Apply to S S
j AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third av?.. Oakland!
$650^ — CUT from $750 to make ijulck sale-
choice lot, 00x1(13; in fruit; half block off
Frultvale ave.; nice homes all around* worth
$f)00: rayy terms. BELDEN, 1112 Broadway
Oakland. ••
JUDSON'S subdivision on Fruitvale ave - 5
minutes' walk to station: lots 50x145 at a
bargain; terms to suit. For particulars call
at JUDSON & CO.'S, 1310 Frultvale ave
Frultvale. . -.
FOR sale — Elegant 6-room Mission bungalow;
corner lot. 50x125; best rerldenoe location;
gas, etc.. city water, etc.; $2S00; saTlflc-
on account of misfortune of former buyer: |
floor covering InclurtM; terms If desired
Box 481, Frultvale, Cal.
$2300— 5-ROOM cottage: lty blocks from Ft»-
tlon: nearly new; hirh basement: pas elec-:
trlclty. porcelain bath: good neighborhood;
nothing down and easv inrtallments to re-
gponMbln party. Box 4S1. Fniltvnle. Cal.
OAKLAND "ADYERT'S'MTS
OFFICE. 101« r.KOADWAY.
OAK-A2TP B-ATj ESTATE.
- . . , , . -. ; — . — . j
DR. MERRITT ESTATE PROPERTY FOR '
SALE. .
We have been appointed fxclu.iive agents by
the trustees of the Samuel Merritt Hospital
for the sale of all the property belonging to the
said hospital and fronting on Jackson, Madi-
son, Oak, Twelfth and Thirteenth sts.. Includ-
ing "The 'Willows." on Oak st.. extending back
to Lake Merritt, . recently under option to the
City of Oakland for park purposes; also the
Merritt homestead.
We have both • Improved . and unimproved
properties to oft«r; most' desirable residence
properties in Oakland. ,
FOR PARTICULARS CALL AND SEE US.
.J H. MACDONALD & CO.,
1C52 Broadway.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
We have been exclusively authorized to sell
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties awulr*d by the
- ' SAN '. FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
undrr foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figures far,
belAw ' the present market rates.- : ir you want
a barjtnln call or writ? us .for particulars.' ■
J. H. MACDONALD 4-CO.,
1002 Broadway.
: $3000— A NEW, building, Just finished; 6 rooms,
etc.; modern: must be sold. :, Apply on prem-
ises.- 1005 Seventh St., Oakland, near Adeline
station. *,
OAKLAND ADVERTWTS
OAK3.AWD BEAT. ESTATE.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT. INC..
106O Broadway. Oakland.
$2600— Only lor & home within one block of
two routes to and only 2S minutes from
Market st., San Francisco. If you tried
to buy the same thine In San Francisco
you would 5-aveto Day $35U). Let us
show you thla 6-room story and a hall
cottage. Strictly modern and complete.
2m:
$2S50— For that swell little bungalow on the
Key Route Is the biggest snap yet offered
you. Partly furnished and only been
built three or four months. The only
reuson It has not been sold is because you
have not seen it. Lot 40x135. ■
—132—
How's this from an Investment stand-
point; e-room house on a lot- 40x120 fe%t,
renting for $35 ner month; $1300 cash
will buy this, and after paying all in-
terest on balance, investment will still
net you over $200 per . year. Look Into
this.
• —153—
$3250— Five-rcrm cottaore < on Moss . avenue,
close to car lines and -only few minutes'
walk to Key Route. This little home can
be had on easy terms and la one of the
few rare bargains. • •
—153—
$1250 — Cash, balance easy terms, will buy -an
eiegant home.- 6 rooma and bath, on
. Siierir.an street. House only built two
' ' years aco: been used as a home by the
owners since. I-ot 37:6x115. v
—154—
$4300 — One of North- Oakland's choicest homep
on the market at a sacrifice. This ele-
gant property of 7 rooms and bath Is lo-
cated ■ between Telegraph avenue and
Grove aticet. In the best neighborhood.
Any enc who knows anything about
values will readily fee the great oppor-
tunity ottered here for advance In price
.," ; In the near future. ■ . .
— 17S—
$625— Just think of It. Lots 35x115 feet:
all street work done; sidewalks down
and on one of tbe transit lines between
Oakland and Berkeley. Tfcls property
will surely Increase in value In the next
year. ■ - -•
—641—
Make offer. Beautiful building site in
North Oakland on McClure street. One
ft the finest lots on the market: 100x152.
This kind of property only gets on the
n.arki.t once In a rreat while.
— ceo —
HOLCOMB.- BREED & BANCROFT,
. 1060 Broadway. Oakland.
' CHAS. C. HULBERT.
Successor to
FRANK P LEE
• Tel. Main 1C24. on Broadway.
$2500 — Chicken farm. 2 acres. In Llvermore; 6
rooms and bath; barn; windmill; 2 rooms
In tank house; 7 blocks from S. P. R. R.;
; V V -/will exchange for. Oakland property; will
pay difference.
$4500 — Beautiful corner house. 8 rooms and
bath: hot air furnace In basement;, lot
35x120; Santa Clara ave.
$2000— New cottage, 5 rooms and bath; 6- foot
basement; lot 30x136; street work done;
will l take cheap lot as part payment;
Berkeley.
AN" IDEAL HOME. CHEAP. j
$3600 — 7 room*, bath and basement; driveway
and barn: gas and electric lights; lot 33x !
-102; Thirty-sixth st.
SNAP.
$1800 — 4 rooms and bath: almost new; lot 25x
125; all street work done; convenient to all
local trains. -
FOR SALE OR TO LET.
$4000— 2-story. C rooms and bath; gas and elec- I
trie lights; 1 year old; rent $30; 36th st.
COME BUILDERS. WAKE UP'.
26 lots. Golden Gate, from $275 to $350 each. !
$2750 — Buys comer store, with 4 rooms and
bath; alt modern, with stable: now occu-
pied as a grocery store, doing a good
business; lot 41x120.
CHAS. C. HULBERT.
Oil BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. !
WE HAVE ON HAND AT PRESENT VERY
DESIRABLE PROPERTIES. BOTH IM-
PROVED AND UNIMPROVED, IN DIF-
FERENT PARTS OF OAKLAND AND
BERKELEY. SPECIAL ATTENTION
GIVEN TO OUR SALES DEPARTMENT.
$2650 — Beautiful 9-room house, with double
parlors, dining-room. 5 large bedrooms; porce-
lain bath; modern throughout; on sunny side
of street; one block from Key route or street
cars; lot 40x150; street work all done; cement
walks around place: can be bought with $200
down and balance same as rent.
$2600 — A beautiful home of 6 large sunny
rooms, bath and all modern conveniences:
nearly new; good location; stable; large lot;
street work and concrete walks.
$1850 — Foreclosure sale; beautiful five-room
house, with high basem*nt; brick foundation;
bath; stationary tubs; hot and cold water; lot
60x180; barn; chicken houses; berry bushes;
fruit trees; this property Is located within one
block of S. F. trains and car lines in one of
the choicest locations In Oakland: owner is
obliged to sell this property this week on ac-
count of mortgage.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
100l» BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
. ,
KREISS A HORSWILL. REAL ESTATE;
RENTING AND INSURANCE.
LINDA VISTA.
Another rare chance to get an elegant Queen I
Anne modern house; located In the exclusive
neighborhood of Hamilton place, one of the
choicest and most select neighborhoods in
Linda Vista; house contains 7 large sunny ;
rooms; pretty reception hall, with grilled stair-
case; large parlor, which takes in the entire
front of house: large sunny dining-room, open-
lnK off of hall; open fireplaces "In both dining-
room and parlor: 2 china closets: large base-
ment, with Inside stairway; 2 large clothes
closets to each bedroom; modern open plumb-
ing; open lawn In front; back yard all In
flowers and rotebeds, making a complete, de-
sirable home. Less than 15 minutes' walk
from 14th and Broadway, on narrow-gause
train, and only 5 minutes' walk from new Key
route line when completed. Price only $3250;
easy terms. This Is a great sacrifice, as th!
owner must leave town before January 15, on
account of change In business.
' $4200 — Store and flat: new and modern: a >
rare chance to get a good piece of . business '
property: located at termjnus of Key route:
flat rented under lease for 2 years at $30 per j
month; store would bring $25 a month: open- ;
Ir.g for'any kind of business or -Investment.
KREISS & HORSWILL, 1070 Broadway.
30 -VERY CHOICE LOTS -30
Situated on the Heights near Senator .
• Perkins' Residence.
THE MOST PICTURESQUE RESIDENCE LO-
CATION IN OAKLAND.
, We respectfully Invite you to .Investigate
this property for use as an Ideal home. A?-
ceri'lblllty — electric cars pass the . property
on both jsldes. Transfers are i».«urd to all
parts of Oakland. Berkeley and. Alameda; It
It is alro within walking distance of the local
trains to San Francisco. Fine clffatlon (In-
surlns: perfect sanitation), magn'flcrnt views
of harbor and I»» environments. STRHET
WORK COMPLETE. Several, flne h.iuse*
constructed on the property; an elegant resl.
dence Ju$t completed.
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO..
■ •. 1016 Broadway. Oakland. •' :
San Francisco Office, room 232. Mills b'.dg.
~~~*~~ ■
$2000 TAKES a 5-room cottage. Just com-
pleted; .lot 30x130; rituated in . ons of
. Berkeley's choice locations.
$1250 Is .'the price for cne acre; situated on
Seminary ave, near new boulevard. • i
NOTHING NICER FOR A XMAS PRESENT
TH \N A HOUSE FOIt YOUR WIFE. NOTII-
i ING NICER FOR A WEDDING PRESENT
'THAN ONE FOR YOUR SON., THE SON-
' 1N-LAW CAN BUT HIS OWN AND WE
•WILL HELP HIM.
COME ONE. COME ALL, WE HAVE
HOMES FOR EVERY ONE.
! THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO..
' 101'S Broadway, Oakland. -'
> San Francisco office, room 232 Mills bldg.
$250 CASH. ?10 monthly; cottage. 4 large
rooms, fide ileove, flne level lot 100x100;
more land can be had adjoining; Immense
i tree*. *»ndy If am deep poll, .away from fogs
and winds, two electric car lines near by.
' but a few minutes' walk to S. "F. steam local
' trains, over .10 home seekers located within
j 80 days: price all told?10O0; adjoin. ng' East
1 Oakland; call or send for circular.; 155
; Seventh st.. opp. Broadway station. Oakland;
i carriage frre. H. 7.. JONES, owner.
! FOR sale, cheap; short distance from Key
l I Route and Santa Fe depot, property of 4
' lot*. -50x100:. cash: with good 8-room house
with high basement: windmill and tank, sta-
bles and chicken-houses: or will exchange for
ranch : cr , alfalfa land. Call or address SUO
Forty-fifth St.. near Market. Oakland.
OVF oft> most attractive homes, consisting
of 8 rooms, in close proximity to Key route;
absolutely new; every modern convenlen.ee;
large lot : really very desirable m every re-
siccr must be cold at sacrifice. >, Call . on or
-artdros ROHERT P. DBY. 530 Twenty-third
-" st.. 'Oakland. ■ ■ ■' .- - , .
• . .. BARGAIN- "
$2100— Only, for house or 7 rooms, bath, etc.,
lot 35x150; good location: all street work done.
See P. C: LASSEN 'Si CO., .466 10th St., Oak-
. ■ _ i
OAKLAND ADVTOM'NTS.
OA-XAJTP »EAX (ESTATE.
PIEDMONT. " ' • ' PIEDMONT. j
PIEDMONT. - PIEDMONT. i
PIEDMONT.. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. ■ PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. - • PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. . PIEDMONT.
. PIEDMONT. , PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT. ,
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. . PIET>MONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
.35 MINUTES.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO
BY KEY ROUTE FERRY— 20 MINUTE
SERVICE.
"".*. l — — ■ *■' •"
OPPOSITE . THE GOLDEN GATE.
4C0 FEET ABOVE. SEA LEVEL.
CENTRAL. PIEDMONT TRACT.
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SUBURB OF
, SAN FRANCISCO.
Pric-s from $25 to $45 per front foot.
Highland Terrace — 2 minutes' walk from Key
. , r;utp station — $25 to $30 per foot.
Sather Tract, on Oakland ave. car line, five
minutes' walk from Key route station
—$15. $17 50 and $20 per foot.
Acreage and villa sites In all parts of
•_■ • -.. Alameda County.
City lots in Oakland. Piedmont and Berkeley.
Houses built to suit purchasers on cash pay-
ment of 20 per cent of total cost of
: house and lot; balance as rent.
Purchaser can occupy his house on a smaller
outlay than the cost of the lot.
< . - i
The easiest buildlnc offer In the market.
Send for >>ur Illustrated booklet on Piedmont
- and - handsome brochure. "Alameda
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
1212 Broadway. Oakland.
.- 14 Sansorpe st.. San Francisco. r'.\
A. J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
467 Ninth street.
$2300 — Splendid 6-room cottage": not new. but
in good condition; between Twelfth and Four-
teenth, on Myrtle. ,
— _— _ *ty**
$2700— West st., near Thirtieth. ■ lot 2Sxl4O.
cottage of 5 rooms and bath.
j $2JKK> — Merrlmac st.," between Grove and
Telegraph, lot 40x70, cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, i -•-•*
$2000 — Market st.. near Thirty-third. lot 33x
110, larze cottage of 6 rooms and bath.
$2000— Twenty-fourth St.. near Filbert, lot
-33x100, good cottage of 0 rooms and bath.
$3000 — Twenty-first St.. near Filbert, lot 40x
100, 2-story, s rooms and bath.
'$5500 — Grove st.; north' of Thirty-second,
splendid home of 7 rooms and bath and stable;
x lot 45x150. .
$4750— Thirtieth st.. between Grove and Tele-
graph, new, 8. rooms and bath, two-story;
modern. ,.".-^ l
TWO LOTS LEFT.
North side of Thirtieth St., between Grove
and Telegraph: ! price ?114o; these are the
cheapest lets In Oakland: see them at once, as
I wish to dispose of all this property before the
first of the year. • - -
TELEGRAPH AVENUE LOT.
$05 per foot.- suitable for flats; one of the
cheapest lots left on the avenue.
A. J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
407 Ninth street.
• ■' - - - ■ '-*'-'■'.' ~~~~ " ■
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.,
Real Estate, Insurance and Financial Agents,
123ti Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Telephone Cedar 351.
JS50 — Neat 4-room cottage, bath and all con-
veniences; street work, sewer complete:
good location; 4 blocks from TelesTaph,
ave.; lot 37:6x157 feet. 1C05
CHEAPER THAN RENT.
$.1900— Good cottage of « rooms, nicely dec-
orated throughout; small cash payment,
balance at $15 per month; good location;
i near Thirty-second and Grove st*. 1«39
BUNGALOW COTTAGE.
$3000 — A dandy up-to-date little home of 6
rooms, combination fixtures; sewer -and.
street work complete; lot 37:6x115 feet; 2 ■
blocks new Key route; $1000 cash, balance j
arranged to suit. 1690 :
MUST BE SOLD.
$3600 — A handsome 7-room dwelling: very at- |
tractive and modern In every respect; :
combination fixtures; best of open plumb- !
Ing; flne large' bathroom; situate one of .
the choicest locations in Oakland: 27th '
St., near Telegraph ave. This price hat |
actually been reduced $1000. Owner in I
• •■ ;^ ; the East and wires us to get offer. 1613 i
INVESTMENT 14 PER CENT.
INVESTMENT 14 PER CENT. !
$7800—4 new flats, recently built; lighted by \
. electricity throughout; gas for fuel use;
flne mantels: elegantly finished and dec-
orated throughout;, renting for $10t>0 per
annum; chance of residence forces owner i
to sell. These flats are close In. 1CJHJ
TAYLOR BROS & CO.
$?2o0 — FINE house of 18 large rooms, suitable
for private rooming-house; only 2 blocks
from business center. (43O-2) .
$4250 — New modern and well built 8-room
house, gas and electric combination fix-
tures: should be seen; lot 50x130. (470-2)
$3750 — New colonial house. 7 rooms; Ninth av-
enue, near East Eighteenth; terms If de-
sired. (284-4)
$3350^ — Bt-antlful modern 7-room house '.situated ,
. on' Berkeley way. near Grove: must be j
sold on account of .owner going away: lot '■
37:6rTSV (2«»-2) i
$650 — Will buy a northwest corner on Twenty- i
.-'• third- ave.. near end of car line: 8T«x !
110. - • , (2S0-2) j
For square dealinr. list you property with us.
F. F. -PORTER, . 460 Elzhth st.
- BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$"ro — Will buy a . 4-room cottage In West
Oakland, near station. . .1- •
$2100 — Nice rt-room cottage and lot 33:4x
15O nn Eleventh ave.. East Oakland.
■ $1575 — Another reduction tn force sale; good
.'.-room cottage and let 37:0x130, near Twenty- !
third ave...Ea?t Oakland.
$23.V> — Another big cottage bargain in East '
Oakland: 0 rooms and hath on corner lot on '
T— enty-thlrd ave.. 50x110: easy terms. ;
- .- $RSrt — 25-f ort lot on Market st. : not far out. !
$650 — Lot 25x125 on - Twenty-lift h St.. near
San Pablo ave. ' . ■ j
$UftO— Extra choice building lot on Thirty- {
fourth st. sunny ?lde, «4 block east of Tele-:
graph ave.. .12:6x112. BELDEN. REAL ES-
TATE. 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
tALDEN REALTY CO.. 51«4 Telegraph- ave. j
Phone Black C1SI. 1
$250 cash.' $21 50 per month buys a new 5- j
room cottage neat Telegraph ave. and Al-
catraz; price $1SOO. i
$100 cash. $20 per month buys a new 4-rcom i
bungalow near Telegraph and Fortleth-st. j
Key Route depot: price $2000. !
$250 cash.' $25 per month buys a new 5-room '
.cottage near Fortieth st. and Grove-ft.
-Key Kmite depot; price $225O. «<,'.-
$500 cash. .tXi per month buys a new modern
. 9-room house; street work, sewer and s'de-
walk complete: near Flfty-flfth-at. Key
Route depot': price- $26oO. |
Improved and unimproved property at a bar-
gain. ■ .
READ THIS
12 to 15 per cent Investment property; 2 new
all modern flats of' 12 rooms, 0 each. bath. |
" let 3«lxll2. central . to business, rents $57 50 <
mcnlh. nrlce $4CC0: also two flats, 10 rooms, '
wltn cottage. In 'rear, rents $43 50 month,
price $3t'.00,*a J?nap, owner must have money ;
4 new all modern- flats nf 22 rooms, and lot
5CxU0, rentsvfooimcntb, ' Price $9500; also
i . several rthera of 'which we have photographs
at the office ot theALDEN CO., 1233 Broad-
way. Oakland, v. 'j.
TEN t>er cent . net Income, payable monthly
In "advance.
Strictly modern 2-»tory building on northeast
i corner. 1 block from San Pablo ave. and few
" minutes to city Hall: a cood bond invest-
■■ ment; title guaranteed.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
314 San Pablo ave.. Oakland, Cat.
$7C00— HANDSOME riew R-room house; fnrn-
ao': L^kesldi district, near business center:
must scl!. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE
: CO.; 4G0-4S2 Eichth St.. Oakland..
I HAVE 6 lots, t block from S. P. and 3
blocks from Key Route, worth $22CO mort-
gaged for $1080; will exchange for Oakland
' or: Berkeley Improved property same equity.
Box'2S55, Call office. . »
OAKLAXD . ADYEBT'S'STTS
OA-XAMTP KEAX, ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
SSOOO — Fine modern residence. 7 rooms; bill
crest lot; 1U0x125; barn: grand view; one>
of Linda Vista's choicest corners; sacri-
fice.
37230 — Extra choice residence. S rooms: la
heart of city: 48-ft. corner; nearer oocu-
pled; ideal physician's or business man' a
home.
$3800— Reduced from $7000; 6 tenement* and
cottaze; bona fldo Income $67 50> month;
steady tenants: 75- ft. railroad corner: close
In: great future: owner leaving city.
$4500— Modern Telegraph-ave. home. 8 rooms;
close In; 30OO mortgage: forcing sale.
•5O00— Pair new flats, 5 rooms each: Income
$50 month: near Telegraph and 27th st.
$4250— Business corner; store and flat: Income
$4.1 50; prominent street: close In.
$4000— Splendid modern dwelling. 8 room*: At j
condition; 4Oxl5d: choice residence street:
bet. Telegraph av«. and Grove St.; close
In; sacrlflce.
$375<k— Pair good flats, 5 rooms each: income
$510 per annum: $250O mortgage: ft min-
utes' walk to City Hall: owner must sell.
13500— Modern house, 7 rooms, bath; two toi-
lets; basement; newly tinted: 108x130;
fruit: one block from upper Fruitvale ave.
$3350^ — Fine modern 2-story; 6 rooma: extra
flne finish; 33x100; flne location; conven-
ient to Key Route: see this.
PIEDMONT VILLA SITES*
A grandly situated property: charminc hfll.
glen and marine view; 4 lota. 100x200 each:
contiguous to four $20,000 to $40;0OO horaee:
one residence site Just sold: only 35 minutes
to S. F. : must be seen to be appreciated.
$3000^ — Fin- new house. « rooms, bath: ffT-ft.
frontage: street: work complete; near ear
line: *.v*i cash: Linda Vista.
J270O— Attractive home. 6 rooms, batn: tSx
1<V>: near Telegraph ave.: Key Route ser-
vice.
J260<> — Modern cottage. 8 rt>om», bath, base-
ment: 37:6x120; near 35th and West sts.
12300 — New cottage. B rooms: 2 extra rooms
in basement; bath: 50x133; barn; near
Sr.nta Fo R. R. yards.
?l s 50 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment: Interior nicely papered and paint*
ed: mantel, grate: brick foundation; 40x
134: street work complete: near S. P. and
Key Rout' stations: a snap.
$1S5O — Modern cottage. 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment: 3Oxl to; near locals.
$165O — Good house, 7 rooms, bath: rood condi-
tion; lot 14O ft. deep: street work com-
plete; near 30th and West sts.
$1400 — Cottage, B rooms, bath, basement; near
24th and Myrtle sts.
31250— House. 7 rooms: 7.Vft. frontage: bam:
fruit trees; 2 chicken-houses: fenced;
near San Pablo *ve. : easy terms.
LAYMANCE BEAT. FmATK CO..
460-463 Efcrhta st.. OakTanA.
ELROD A HULL.
No. 33 — $1750— 5-room house, with high
basement; just finished; lot 50x115: near
school; 5 cent fare; close to San Leandro road;
S75O cash.
No. 34 — $3500— 5-rootn cottage; htga base-
ment, bath, hall and laundry: lot 41x138; SStti-
st. corner; 3 minutes to Key Route; $10OO
cash. ..<■." .
No. S3— $3500— 2-story colonial house. «
rooms, bath, pantry, closets, etc.: street work
all done; near Lortn: few minutes to ear*;
will rent this hquse for $23 a month; a nice
home.
No. 21— 32S5O— A beautiful country home in
Elmhurst. 2 stories. 8 rooms, bath, hot and
cold water, windmill and tank, chicken-houses
and yards, barn, cherry trees, etc.: lot 57x2SO.
No. 4 — $7000—2 new flats ot 6 large rooms,
bath, pantry, closets, etc.. each; lot 37x144:
now rents for $70 a month; splendidly located
on good street near Telegraph ave.; no better
Investment.
jlo. 49 — We offer 2 well furnished flats of 7
rooms each In the city on Pine st. for $1000;
new; 5 years' lease: rents for $135 a month;
will exchar-sr? for small country place or cot-
tage near or In Oakland.
We are now building: a substantial 5-room
cottage In Frultvale. which Is now about ready
for inspection; let us show It to you.
LOTS FOR SALB ON AXX. KINT>S OV
TERMS. AU«> ACREAGE. NOW IS THE
TIME TO INVEST IN THEM EP* YOU
HAVE THE MEANS. THEY WILL NEVER
BE ANY CHEAPER. AND THEY WILL BE
DEARER.
ELROD & HULL,
12CO Broadway,
Oakland.
Phone Red S&S1.
KARL H. NICKEL.
ROOMS 62-63. BACON BLDO.
WATCH THESE COLUMNS
FOR MY ,ADS
NEXT SATfROAY. DKTTCMBER IT,
AS I WILL OFFER
YOU A BEAUTIFUL
HOME IN THE PIEDMONT
HILLLS AT EXCEPTIONALLY
1OW PRICE3.
REMEMBER
THE DATE AND NAME.
' I
KARL H. NICKEL.
ROOMS 62- «3.
BACON BLOCK.
OAKLAND.
$2800. *26<V>. $2800.
867 THIRTY-FOCRTH ST.
LOOK AT THIS YOURSELF.
" A flne new Eastlake cottage, high basement,
enamel bath tub. nickel-plated plumbing, waste
tray, flne mantel, gas fixtures, hardware th«
best: lot 31x100; street work complete; near
Key route and electric cars; easy terms; key
at office.
%l*nn — a good 2-story 7-room hoase. near
schools and Key route; rents for $15; street
work complete. ■ ' • ■
606 and" CC8 Apgar St.. near Grove — Two
brand new homes : of 6 rooms each; modern and
up-to-date. The homes can be bought for
$3000 each, on terms tn suit the purchaser.
See GEO. W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
A SPLENDID opportunity: $5000 will buy a
well built cottase of 6 rooms and bath, open
plumbin«r: incubator-house with Incubators
and brooders for 3000 chieks: chicken -house*
and one acre of land; mint sell at once;
owner leaving for Europe: $3000 cash, bal-
ance mortgage. Call at 006 East Twenty-
fifth'st.. East Oakland.
FOR SALE— $3350. New l>4-8tory bouse of «
rooms, halls, laundry: 2 toilets and bath-
room. Every modern convenience. Fine larv*
lot with cement wall in front. Choice resi-
d»nce district: half block from 10th avenue
and 2 blocks from rood school. Easy terms.
B H. WELCH & CO.. Flfta aver.us and
Eighteenth atreet. Oakland.
FOH SALE — On Lester avenue, Peralta
Heights, choice lot. south front; sidewalk
jtr.A »treet work complete: two blocks to
new Key route car line. Only $23 tver front
foot. Reduced from $30 for immediate sale.
B. H. WELCH & CO.. Fifth avenue and
Eighteenth street. Oakland.
51S5O— THIS IS A BARGAIN.
5-room cottase: lot 50x100; 9 block* from
Grnva Key Route station; must sell quick.
BARNETT & COSBY. 105 Bacon block. Oak-
land. - m
BARGAIN— Swell home of 8 rooms; itrtctly
up to date: lot 40x140; sun all day. T. P.
WRIGHT. 520 Thirtieth St.. Oakland.
A SNAP— Choice lot. 110x125. SW. cor. Mst
and Myrtle sts.; will be sold as a whole or
In subdivisions : aold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND riTRITISHED BOOMS.
THREE furnished sunny rooms; separate en-
trance: bath and all conveniences: rent $18.
1 -571 Twenty- fourth st. Oakland. Cal.
\ OAXLAHO PTXBJrmjBE 7OS SAT«Z.
; TO-MORROW the day for bargains ra fnral*
lure. H. Echelhaas. lltn »t..cor.iitor».Oaklantt
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'ITTS
_tn.r. vaxj jtt ~r~*.^_ _'?~~; i *!~?; .
$300 TO $S0O— Ten per cent cash, balance $10
monthly; fine large lots; graded streets; pur»
mountain water; grand redwood trees;
charming views; right at the station: they
are selltns fast: 130 lots sold; send for II-
[ lustrated booklet. LYON* _ HOAO. 118
i Montgomery st.
San Francisco AdTertisemYs
PBOPOSAXa.
1 1*0 COO MUNICIPAL. wat»r worts bonds, towa
■ of VTneatland for sale, nntaxable. bearlaa; a
I per cent Interest: »eria! 40 years; bids wUl
be received up tu Monday. Dec. 5. 1304. cer-
titled check of 10 per cent to accompany bid.
i For information address R. N. MURPHT.
I Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
pr~g>El~P HOTICES.
Y-vfTTTiTrAN CAN ca-A quarterly dividend
Trf ■ l"i per cent has this day been declared
„ * the preferred stock of this company.
on January 1. 1UC5. to stockholders
I Pf record at the close of business December
I ?<V l»04 The transfer books will be closed
: -." t « the oreferrert stock from December 2O
1 ?^ Januarv 1. inclusive. Checks will be
I bailed R. U. 1SMON. Secretary. Decem-
ber 5. 10O*-
For Additional Classified Advertise.
ments S«e Pace Forty-Four,
4344
CUUH-CH SEBTICES.
UNITARIAN Cturch OTlrst). SW. cor. Geary
atd Franklin eta.. Rev. Bradford Leavitt
nii-iUter— Junior chorea aad Sunday school
are st 10 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavitt and
C. A. Ifurdock superintendents. Sunday
•errto* is at 11 o'clock. There I* no evening
■errlce. air. Leavitt will preach, subject
• "Be*vc& aad Ilell." One of a series ot
rtrairfct serraons on rreat subjects. Mu*:c
by quartet, under direction of H. Bretherick.
orras.*xt All are cordially lnviteo-
•OTTARLOT Church (Second), comer Twen-
tieth aad. Czyp sis. (lake illusion or Valencia
et car>— C Ciivert Szaoot. minuter; resi-
dence. S470 Twentieth st. Tbe Sunday
school zaeet* *t 6:15 o'clock. Mrs. L. A.
Covel ruperintenflenu At tie morning ser-
vice «t 11 o'clock. C CsJvert Smoot will
preach, subject, "A Storm Without Ter-
rcrs." Music by orchestra, aad choir, endet
the direction of Mr. Jablth Clement All
cordially invited. No evening eervloe.
CALIFOR-VIA-ST. Metljodirt Episcopal Church.
cam's- Cil:fornla and Broderick sts. — The
putor. Rrv GeoTTf* A. Hough, will preach
sjorxjlcg and e^-eslng. Morning theme,
"F»ith Measurinr Achievement" Evening
"Are Tou Ready?" Special niuiic by chorus
choir. Strfcurers especially Invited. All
seat* free. Sunday school at 9:45. Eyworth
Leagrje at «:30.
CS2CTRAL H. E. CSjcrcb, Vls^fin st_. bet
fu*~h f r* Seventh — Tfce cobjects of ths ser-
com by tie putor. Dr. George W. White,
wlU be "as foliows: At tie taornlng service-
tbe cece&d la the series of sermons on "Is
tcs Aperies' Crw-o Obsolete?" At the night
e*rvice, "Tie Choice of Masters." Sunday
•cbool at 12:45. Rolla V. Watt super: r. ter. -
Cent. Tousg People's aeeii-^gs &X 6:13.
Sotr aez-no* *£ 7 :!»'•.
ETMPSOX Mesorial Methodist Cnurca. corner
of Hayes and Bac*iar.an sts. — The pastor.
Her. James H. N. WUson. will preach at 11
s_ a., subject. "The Breath of God." At
7:30 p. m. Rev. Edwin F. Brown, pastor of
the Flirt M. E. Cturch. will preach. The
beet d music by lir^e charus ctolr. All
cefcts free.
C1LVJLRT Pres'brteTian Cturch. corner Jacfc-
*OG and FUlinore stjb.. Rev. Jots HernphilL
D.3.. pastei 1 — Mcrnlsr service at 11 o'clock,
eer-aon tcnle, ••Hlndraaces to the Progress
cf RellxSon." Evening pervice at 7:30 o'clock.
Mrnaa tcpic, "Gods Plunbline tie Test of
Character." The jaurtcr will preach at both
services. Satbath school at &:S0 a. ni.
Christian &><Sea\-or meeting at 6:30 p. m.
Prs.yer meeting 'Wednesday evening at *>
o'clock. All are cordially Invited.
•fXRST Pre*bj-Le*i*3 CturcJa. Van Ness are-.
sxd Sacraoeaio rt. Rev. Kirk Guthrie, pas-
ter — Serrlces £'. 11 l ra. and 7:30 t>. ra.;
tbe putar wiU preach At both services; S&b-
bttb school at 8:45 a. in.; Christian Ea-
dearer. S:15 aad 6:15 j>- «-: Wednesday. S
p. ra-, midweek, service; edl are cordially la-
•rtted.
TRINTTT "rYes*erterlaa Cfcarch, corner Twen-
tr-thlrd «x.d CVpp e*s.. Rer. Edward K.
btrocf paftw — Public services at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Bible school at 12:X0 p. m.
Endeavor Society at 6:3© p. in. The p**tor
••rill prexeh In the morning and Rev. J. M.
Mczmsicsey In the evening. Strangers wel-
come.
TRINITY Church. Essa esS Gooxfc ■*■•., Rer.
JV-cerick W. Clairpett, I>. D., rector— Holy
oci-irsurion. 7:30 a. ni.; Scasay school, 9:S0
a. n>.; mornirx prayer, 11 o'cloek: evening
•errtce. & o'clock; the rector wiU preach at
both services.
GTtACE Cfcurch. California eTL. cor. Stockton.
Rev. David J. Evans, rector — Celebration of
r.oiy coTmnanion. 6 a. m. ; morning tervlce,
11 o'clock: "Benldicite" 'Gregorian); "Bed- 1
<tictus" (Crotch) in G: cfTertcry. "By Baby- I
Ion's Wave" <Gcuaod); full cathedral ser- I
vice. 7:43 p. in.; all eeats free at this ser- |
vie*; the sermon at bo'Jl services will be by |
the rector; o-T^ni*t and choirzmLster. William j
H. Hclt
JFTR5T Congi ega.tlor.ai Cfc-srch. ccrn^r Post and I
Mason ca. — Rev. Georee C. Adarss^D.D.. j
pencr, will preach at both services, 11 ■
a. m.. topic, "The God of Jacob." At 7:45 j
p. ra.. topic, "Tie Vise and the Branches."
All tre cordially invited.
FIRST Baotist Cturch. 320 Eddy Bt — Rev. '.
W'UIiam H. Allison pr-eaches i: 11 1. n. and j
7:iO p. in. BiUe school, 12 :S0 p. ra. j
Christian Endeavor Societies meet at 6:30 p. j
ra : tnid-week praver service. Wednesday,
7:45 p. in.. led by Erv. A. W. Rider. All
cordlaiiy larited to these services. Beats
free.
FIRST Church of CbriFt Scientist. Central
block. 22 : £"sm*r st.. bet. Keuzy and Grant
jtve. — Ctrlstian Science service at 11 a. rn.; :
subject cf lesson -Fennon "Ie the Ur-lveie, J
Including Man. Evolved by Atomic Force?"
Sunday school for children at the same hour; 1
i Wednesday evei^Rg met ting at 6 o'clock; j
free reading-room. 206 Kearny tt. rocnis 509- |
C10; all ere -welcome.
A Ir»e lecture on Christian Science -will be J
r ■■• • r. by Bicknetl Toung. C. E. B.. of Chi- 1
ctigo. In the Alh&dbra. Theater. December |
17. at fe:*.5 p. o., to wnich the public is \
cordially Invited.
THE Peoples Ctourcn holds 6ervtoes Sunday 1
t-venings in ETis' Hall, st 8 o'clock: eubject
this evening. "Sly Brother's Keeper"; all
member* re<ju*rted to attend annual meet-
ing at 5 p. m., at which tea will be served;
brine rcur lunch.
"A 6TUDT in Boys, or Oliver Twist" Thi«
wCl be Rev. William Rader's theme at tbe
Yourr Men'* Cnriitlan Aesoclatlon, Mason
ead E"lis streets, to-day at 3 o'clock. Spe-
cial music by Robeon'e orchestra. Solo by
W. G. Glenn. All men and boys are invited
to attend. ~
ymiriTTfui — SUBUAT.
FORESTEP.S' Hall. 102 O'Farren et— Truth
seekers. Mrs. Agne* Bacoc; startling test*.
Mrs. Dr Sanders; talk, mental suggestion;
others; free; 8 p. in.
INAT:gUP.ATTON of the Church of the Soul to-
Bight, Jdeedames K. Toung and SeaJ. 619
McAUieter. Services and messages; 10c.
HRS. EBERHARDTS tests Sun., Tues. and
Tfcsrs.. eve.. 10c. 2t>7 Ban Jose ave., bet.
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth st
TESTS — Scottish Hall. gp. el: Wrenn. Honet.
McK>e. Willson. Ordination test. Brooks.
Souvenirs riven.
A.— M"RS. J J. WH7TNET bus. medium and
U*e reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
A— MRS. HARLAND; erenlng test circles to-
ragfct 10c; readings, COc, $1. 148 Sixth et
MF.E. STODDAPJD'S select full test reading
■eaacea. 25c; Sun., Taea.; sit. daily. 273 9th.
KPJ5. LESTE3V SX Mission et. — Circles Mon-
dey aad Fn. eves., 10c; sittings daily, 50c-$l.
ArtJsur &E.d Mrs. Howe. r. 8, 7th and Market,
2 p. s. ; lecture a&d psychic demonstrations.
FJUENDBIUP Hall. 235 McAllister rt. — Mrs. C.
3. Meyer; sit dally: tests to all every ere., 10c.
Tiryi S. Odd Fellows* butlding. 2-7:30 sharp,
Wilson: 7:30. Mr. Hargreves, Dr. Oowan; 10c.
MRS. C. C. KOTTEn te*t to-night. 10c.; sit-
tings dally; circle every night 43 Sixth st
W. <i. KEX33AN holds a test seance every
elect except Earurdar: 10c 148 Sixth st.
"PJEXRADIO'F" free public beallnr. 2 and 8.
1 4th. cor. Market. (See "Personals.")
CroXOREVS Lreeuni every Sunday at 10:50
a- ra. Odd Fellows No. 8, free library.
ESXETCTGS — THEO3OPHICAL.
TUiS Theosepblcal Society. Academy of Sci-
ences Hall — Public lecture. 6 p. ra., by
Tito Bias PriTse, subject "The- Law of Caste
end ESect" Music by Prof.W. H. LApscombe.
HUSUA.T LECTTXH.ES.
Da JOHN A. KTiHGAN'S free lecture this
eve&lr.*:. Electricians' Hall, S5 Eddy st. —
Bcbject "The Stomach and Its Needs," fol-
lowed by niacclfleent views cf a visit to th«
Grand Caaycn; free tickets will be distrib-
uted tor X-Ray exhibition at Eanltartum
Tuesday evening; remember the question box.
ABTHUIt MORROW LEWIS, Academy of Sci-
ences. Thursday — "Physics vs. Metaphysics";
ecurs* rate 5c; el&gle lectare 10c; free lec-
ture Alhaaabra Theater. Jaaaary 8.
HARRY GAZE'S free lecture at Goldea Gate
ftnain hall) at 8; subject "Perpetual
Health From Standpoint of Practical Psych-
ology and the New Hygiene."
DR. BnTTLRD'.S free lecture. East Parter.
Oolcen Gate HalL €25 Sutter st, this evening,
g o'clock.
SACK. LONDON. AThambra Theater, next Sun-
day. Subject, "Tbe Scab.** Adialsslon 10c.
■
DR. COLLTXGE— Subject. "Obeessloa." Wel-
come. Hall. Odd Fellows* building. 8 p. m.
JACK LONDON. AUaainbra Theater. Sunday.
December 18, 8 p. m.; subject. "The Scab."
MISS FRANCES E. SPETER will speak at
Golden Gate Hall to-day. 11 a. m.
" — ***^"**^* 1 *™*T
accETryp kottces.
TUTS otScers and members of Court y a
Apollo No. 7802. A. O. F., ere here- y^J^
by notified to attend the funeral of iJJ
our late brother. P. H. CAMPBELL. /SgL.
from the undertsJclmr parlors of #*•£*
James McMenomey & Son., 1057 Mission rt.,
near Seventh. SUNDAY. December 11. at
12:30 p. ra. Fines for noa-atte-ndance 6trict-
ly enforced. J. H. FIUREN. C. R.
HARMONT L. O L.. No. 127. rfl.^
meets in Red Men's Hall. 220 Kx'd
Golden Gate ave.. on the FIRST /fTVCA
and THIRD FRIDAYS In each Ufcf**3»
month. ".^j/'jc
X>. F. THOMPSON. W. M.
•sCBETXarQ arOTICSS — ConllB-ze&.
CALIFORNIA Cbmxnandery No. L K. <-?£_« '
T., Masonic Temple. — Members will }*?;
assemble at the asylum TO-DAY, De- {Uj
cesiber 11, at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. In N »"
full uniform, for the purpose of attending
the funeral of out late fraler. Sir ASA R.
■ WELLS. By order of Commander.
>- - L. A. LARSEN. Reoorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. aad A. «
M. — The officers and members of the- "VNT
above named lodge are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late
krother. ASA REYNOLDS WELLS, in King
Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple, THIS DAY
(SUNDAY), December 11, at 2 o'clock p. m.
Master Masons and friends off the deceased
are Invited. By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. ..„-«■«"£*•
. F. — It If urgently requested that -"J'/iPjgKiH^i
' £-1 trotter? attend the district - ■
meeting held under the auspices '•WfCTCi^ :
of this lodge TUESDAY. Dec. 13. at Jp.ni.,
hall Sixteenth and Valencia sts. Visitors
cordially invited. ■
E. H. ANDREWS. N. G.
A. P. BUTTON, Recording Secretary.
THE Bwedlfh Lodge Odin No. 893. .^TagMt,
I. O. O. F., meets every WED- SSSpS^*
NESDAY NIGHT in Frat-rnal
HalL Visitors always welcome.
GEORGE G. MOREN. N. O.
SWAN CHTTRAUS. Secretary.
MODERN Woodmen cf America, Good- Y*u <^
fellowship Camp 9633. M. W. of A.. \*j
meets every MONDAY NIGHT - at VSi
Electricians' Hall. 35 Eddy St.. city. V^fJ
W. II. EDWARDS. V. C
W. J. ELLIOTT, Clerk; effice, room 627 !
Emma Spreckels building. •
A NICHT In Auld BcoUand.— The S. , o v
F. Scottish Thistle Club will hold 1JL a A^
their twenty-third annual Hcgma- v '»v!L§>
nay Supper and Ball SATURDAY "*=£?*
EVENING, December 31. at Lyrio Hall. 119
Eddy st. A gala time to all. Grand march j
6:30 p. a., supper 11:15 p. m. Admission
$1 50 each. Hat and eloak room for guests.
OEO. W. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A- E. CARLISLE, Recorder.
— 1
THE annual xaeeticg of the stockholders of I
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
cisco. Cal., win be held at Its banking-
house, 30.1_ Montgomery st. San Francisco,
Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1905. |
at 3:15 p. in., for the election of directors to j
eerve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction cf cuch other business aa may
ccnia before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT, Secretary.
December 10. 1904.
AGENTS WANTED.
MSN and women to deTote all their time and
others who are already employed, who can !
give eome time, or have influence and are
able to interest investors in our 6 per cent
bonds, good Inducements. AMERICAN IN-
VESTMENT AND REALTY SOCIETY. 654
Parrctt bldg.. architects, builders and finan-
cial ajrents. Hones on installments. I
WANTED — Solicitors for beet proposition ever
oSered to both the public and solicitor; only
gentlemen and ladies, well dressed aad over
25 years oi age need apply; $30 to $75 per
week easily made. Inquire room 412 Cross-
ley building. }
MT wife worked a little mall-order scheme last
wir.ter and cleared $10 week; for 10c I will
s-.r.-i you a copy of ad. and full working plan;
no fake, fraud or humbug about It- H. H.
HILL, 120 Saner St., San Francisco, CaL
AGENTS make 500 per cent profit selling "Nov-
elty sign Cards"; merchants, buy 10 to 100 on
eight; W>0 variettei; catalogue free. SULLI-
VAN CO.. 1133 Maplewood ave., Chicago. 111.
AGENT'S — "We ray $18 a week and expenses
to men with rig» to introduce poultry com-
pound; year's contract. Imperial Mfg. Co..
Dept. 54, Parsons, Kans.
BIG money la "Purity Soap Leaves": soap in
bock form; agents earn $5 a day; sample
10c. F. ANDREWS & SON. S. F., P. O.
bar 2203.
AGENTS telling patented article; 100 per cent
profit. Address R. J. H. Co.. 121 Geary
sf_. San Francisco.
$18 WEEK and expenses to men to sell poul-
try goods. JAVELLE MFG. CO.. dept. B.,
Parsons. Kansas. ' •
SOLICITORS — City or country; permanent;
very profitable. Call forenoons 409 Graat
building. ;
PERFUMES, cosmetics. Christmas goods. PA-
CIFIC AGENTS SUPPLY CO., 1220 Treat
avenue.
AGENTS wanted. Annly at 4 Butter st,
room 03.
CHEAPEST and best irrvAmerica— Tb« Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addrecs in the
United States or Cacada one year for $1.
postage paid. . ' '-■ I
! ASTSOX.0OT.
ASTOR, famous N. Y. astrologer; man of abil-
ity: advice lessons, booklet. 997 Market st.
! ■ ;
ATTO BHXYB-AT-I.AW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
Is bo cood; for 22 years I've made divorces
a tpeclalty; quick; quiet; no money needed: '
co pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
•r.«de. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
CONSULTATION free, private and confiden-
tial; business legally and promptly trans-
acted; collections, mechanics' liens, probate,
tenants ejected; legal papers drawn; loans
on real estate; eafe, sound Investments high
rates interest. W. MATTHEWS, 632 Market.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
Ctb floor; entrance room 611; established 28
years: ail courts, general court and offlc*
practice; no fees In advance or for consul ta-
tlcn; eve-ilnj; by appointment. TeL Red 3001,
AA — Divorce; costs $12; quick. qulet;advlce free;
all law business ; no charge unless success-
ful; opea evenings. 627 Market et., room 301.
CONSULTATION free, private, confidential;
business legally, promptly and energetically
transacted. W. Matthews, 632 Market/room 23.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: no fees or
costs In advance: all law business; office-
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERY. attcrney-at-law. rooms 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red 6617.
L. E. CLARK. 927 Market, room 804: consulta-
Uon free: no fees in advance: open evening:*.
A-0rTOMOBII.ES. '
AUTOMOBILE for sale; first-class running
order. Box 1097.' Call office.
FOR sale — 1903 Wlnton touring car; price
$1050. Box 1C0S. Call office.
_ _ . asthma crra*c.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c. 25c, 50c. 1602 Market, Et. Nicholas;
»lio Wlihart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
BOaapnro ros tnm.p~ft-cir.
NURSE having her own home will board baby
from birth; have cows' and goats' milk. 203
Eurry St.. Glen Park.
CHILDREN boarded. 808 Clay st. Oakland.
CHILDREN boarded. 120 William st.
LITTLE girt to board. 1015 Jackson st.
BOARD for two boys of 9 to 8 years. 12S0
California st.
CHILDREN to board. Apply &40A Natoma
street- .
CAKPET BE ATCT& Agp CLE ATnHO.
COUHuiESED Air end Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; 'prices moderate. S. F._Com-
pressod Air Cleaning Co.. SOS Market st. ;
phones M«in 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become dlsrusted with your work
send for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing wcrks. S55-S57 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har.
rison st.: A I cleaning. 3c FRED HAGE-
DORN tk CO.: phone Mission 225.
CARPETS cleaned, 3 cents: laid, 6c; furniture
moved. Glsslow, 608 Larkln; phone East 745.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth . St.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c ysrd. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM 8c CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.; carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
WALL paper and fresco* cleaned. 785 O'Far-
rell «t. * / %
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, .sent' to "any address in the
United States or -Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. . ,-- . -• -;„■-. ... j
£5555SH5H~9S2S.*^
BAD tenants ejected for $1: collections made:
city or countrv. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery «t.. rooms 0-10. Tel. Main- 5580.
CKEDIT CLOTHIERS,
C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason st. — Clothing
fcr everybody from bat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it chanred.
CIiOTHIKG RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, .,$1; scouring and
• dyeing. Ucr. Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410;
■ phone Druxr.m 44. Call for and deliver free.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11; "190C
A— $1500- LODGING-HOUSE; transient house
on Poet St.- 14 elegantly furn. rooms; rent
$72 50; a first-class pajiae proposition.^ R. ;
G. WILICE, 26% Kearny st. - j
A $2500; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus. 2 horses,
cow etc.. and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50. or owner will sell whole Property
tor $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearnj- tt. - ;
A— $1750; CORNER grocery aad bar, with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento st-; i\b years
lease; rent $45; tke very best location,
R. G. WILKE. 2ttH Kearny st.
A— $2500; OYSTER and chop house, with pri-
vate boxes; place estab. 20 years: known as
a firu -class paying business; location close .
to Phelan bldg.; lease; owner engaged other-
wise; nnsst sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE, ;
£6% Kearny st.
A— $400; CHICKEN ranch in Sonoma County;
horse, wagon, cow; rent $7 per month; tools
and furniture. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% 1
Kearny st. / ' _^__ •
$500— LOCKSMITH and electrical repair» shop
fcr sale; established 25 years; best location;
living-rocms. For particulars eee R. G.
WILKE. 26 Kearny st. -■
$550 — Restaurant; very best location: rent $60: \
close to Kearny and Bash: a rood-paying
Investment; investigate. Call en R. U. ;
WILKE. 26*rj Kearoy st. . j
$550 — CORNER saloon on Fourth st_. rent $25 ;
dally receipts about $15: good business; own-.
er must sacrifice, as b« has to leave the city.
R. G. WILKE. 26 Vt Kearny Bt,
PRICE $1100 — Wood, coal, hay and grain yard;
a long-ertablishcd business; 2 horsea and 3
wagons; rent only $25; rara chance. See R.
G. WILKE, 2C% Ke&rny st,
A— $2900; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia st.; lease; old established and good
paying business; investigate; a rare chance.
Se« R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $1200; ROADHOUSE. living rooms; rent
$15; no opposition; very best location; about
S miles from city. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearoy gt. ■ j -
A— $2200- RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
In Stockton: rent $53; the leading place of
Its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $900; BAKERY, with 3 livirg rooms and
kitchen- rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $1G per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny E t.
A— $2350; COAL, wood, hay and train busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. Seo R. G.
WILKE. 2B% Kearny st.
A — $900; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk St.; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE,i26% Kearny st.
A— $400; CORNER saloon in wholeeale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; ealoon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
ness. Eee R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease. In
wholesale district; a good business: owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $4000; CIGAR stand on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell st.; 2% years' lease; must be
sold at once; owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $2450: CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years"
lease; rent $40; etore doing a large cash busi.
nezs; location can't be beat; value In eight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; cet rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; In-
vestigate at ence; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kcarny pt.
A — $2600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant: 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
•octh of Market St.; net rent $90; lease 4
years: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in sight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fultoa
et; rent $C0; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. Sea R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $7000: BAKERY; one of the best in, this
city; monthly sales $8000; 12 horsee. 5 wag-
ons; location the very best; not all cash
necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $350; DAIRY, produce and deMcatessen
etore; 6 rooms; rent $25; best location Va-
lencla st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
J. B. OBERLE. W. H. MASSE.
* EAGLE REALTY OFFICE.
230 Kearny. Rooms 1 and 2.
Lodging houses, terms to suit buyers, from
$200 to $5000. 230 Kearny.
$600; Ealoon; fine fixtures, stock and. cash
register; good trade; rent $25. 230 Kearny.
$275; branch bakery, notions; 4 rooms fur-
nished; rent $15; recp. $10 day. 230 Kearny st.
For genuine bargains call at Eagle- Business
Chance Office. 230 Kearny St.. rooms 1 and 2.
$1500— YOUNG merchant In prosperous and rap-
Idly growing business wants partner.
CONTROLS LARGE TRADE.
Partner to keep plain accounts, act as
cashier and look after help.
EXPERIENCE NOT NECESSARY.
Will Invoice stock to right party; energy
and reliability needed" more than cash. This
business has immense possibilities.
A STENBERG. 759 Market st
$200 — BAKERY In lively country .town near
city; store trade; lease. 1007% 3(arket st
CORNER cigar store on busy street; must sell;
make offer. 1007% Market st
$625 — GROCERY and bar; license, stock and
fixtures; rent $12. 1007% Market st.
WANTED — Two ladles to assume charge of
department In gocd business; established and
reliable; must have rood Judgment and be
reliable; salary $6 to $15 per week; must
have front $200 to $500. Address, with par-
ticulars. Box 1572, Call office, Oakland.
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"— A fact;
wo pay the most money for good furniture,
carpets, pictures, office fittings, merchan-
dise and complete houses. MARK J. LEVY
AUOTION CO., 1321 Market st. between
9th knd 10th sts. Phone South 179.
A PAYING produce, poultry, butter and egg
business for sale; butter and egg department
alone pays all expenses. Box 1569, Call of-
fice, or phone Vale 540, Oakland.
AN Income for the family: dividends that will
please you. Address International Lumber
and Development Company (assets $13,000,-
000). Drexel bldg., Philadelphia. Pa.,,,.
$30 A MONTH guaranteed on an Investment of
$CCO: good security given; no services re-
quired. Call or address J. W. MORDOCK,
3«9 12th St., Oakland, Cal.
WANTED — Correspondence with person re-
garding lost friends. GEO. OTIS, 1421 Irving
St.. Berkeley. - . r; .:
A PARTNER wanted In light business; must
be steady, sober man. willing to assist gen-
erally. Particulars 47 Geary st. room 5.
WELL-ESTABLISHED winery; perfectly
equipped: in the city; pretty surroundings.
Box 2qr.8, Call office.
1 * ;
505 SHARES of Phonograph Typewriting Co.
etock. 20c a share. 8% Stockton st: tel.
Black 6963.
$1400 — DELICATESSEN store on principal
street, near Market; good location. Box 1398,
Call office.
PARTY with $1000 can double same In ten
days; figures to substantiate; references
riven. Box 23S5. .Call office.
GREAT opportunity for party with S20CO: ab-
solute security given; figures to prove 20 per
cent profit Address box 2375. Call office.
MAN with office In central location who Is
occupied at night will transact any kind of
business during the day. Box' 2467. Call.
FOR sale — Small restaurant; price reasonable.
Call at premises. 930 Washington st. • cor.
PowelL
CORNER grocery and bar; new. big stock;
reasonable price. $1500. If sold soon. - In-
quire at barber's, rear 145 Third st
WANTED— One-half store on , Market st. for
lunchroom, between Turk and Kearny; no
fries. B. 8. SHUMARD. 214 Leavenworth.
$550 — ESTABLISHED printing business and
. plant; must be sold; investigate. Address
box 2817. Call office.
$5000 — PARTNER in rocmlng-house: central;
$500 monthly profits. Principal, box 2801.
Call office.
MUST sell; going East; candy and. cigar store
bet. 2 R. R. stations and 2 schools; good loc.
delicacies; snap. 1900 Ehattuck av., Berkeley.
DELICATESSEN and grocery; fine location;
large stock; owner very ill. Box 1154. Call.
FOR SALE — A cigar stand, with pool and
bllllard-room attached. Box 2881, Call office.
CIGAR stand; good corner location; must sell
this week; cheap. 323 Fourth st.'
$2500— LIQUOR etore and side bar; good trade:
bis stock: lease. Apply 714 Folsom st.
SALOON for sale: doing a good business; low
rent; Inquire 1500 Leavenwcrth st"> -
FOR SALE— A well paying oyster hcus'e; must
: be sold; trouble between partners. 50,7th st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale; no agents. 222
McAllister st.
I f ■ ' ' ' •■"
I yPSPTESS CSAITCES — Ccatlnnta.-
A — CAMEKOX & CO.— —Phone South 1 1050.
3 Eddy st.. ccr. Market and Powell. V
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Several gocd business propositions for
investors, such as cigar stores, groceries and
bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, merchan-
dise, country hotels - restaurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;
would be pleased to have you call and Inspect
oar list. CAMERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale — First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent, fix-
tures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; fine new stock*"of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over t
per month; best reason for selling-; an op- !
portunity of a lifetime. See CAMERON &
CO.
For sale — Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 50 rooms: rent only $150: 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through- j
out; about 50 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
infe town; present owner made fortune and
. wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
For. sale — One* of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood and coal yards, S. F.; cheap rent;
_ horses and wagons; well equipped; present ■
owner retiring -from retail' business: guaran- 1
teed to clear about $S50 per month; books j
open for Inspection. .CAMERON & CO. !
Exchanges made in all kinds of real estate, j
rocmlng-house and builnesa chances. CAME-
RON & CO., 3 Eddy. st. ' |
For sale— Well located cyclery; rent $125; 3- j
year lease; sell, rent and repair all kinds of j
bicycles: carries full supplies; agency best j
wheel on market; does business of $1500 to ■
$2000 per month; goods at in%-o!ce. CAME- !
UON & CO.
First-class saloon downtown; 2 blocks from
Market St.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts j
$1S to {25 per day; must be sold on account 1
of ether business; price $1600. CAMERON j
& CO.
Harness and saddlery shop, well located: rent i
$12; well stocked; fine wax machine: all i
bench tools; everything goes; price $1000; 1
more than value in sight: retiring from busi- :
ness. CAMERON & CO. ' '
Wanted— A good 'business man with $500 cash i
to associate himself with practical surveyor '
for establishment of land office; new reser- !
vatlon Just cpenlng up; has been, In employ !
of Government on same land for 3' years; an !
opportunity of a lifetime; expense* from i
Etart. CAMERON & CO. i
$750— PARTNER wanted; established, genteel j
business; short hours; good pay; trial al- 1
lowed until satisfied. MARIN INVEST- i
MENT CO.. 235 Kearny st, . I
$55O—22 FURNISHED rooms; rent $40; leas*.
MARIN INVESTMENT CO.. 235 Kearny st.
F. L. SKAGGS & CO.. HOTEL BROKERS. J
26 Montgomery st., S. F.; phone James 6301. | •
Hotels bought, leased, eold and exchanged I
« throughout the 'West; some splendid open- |
ings now in country towns for $1000 and up. !
STEADY man wanted as partner: plain, light
work; small capital required; sure profit of
$75 to each per .month; owner Is a practical
worklngman. COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT
CO., C32 Market st. ;
A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME.
Large city corporation wishes to dispose of
following departments of their large, well es-
tablished cash business:
Men's clothlcg and furnishing goods dept.
Dry gooda. notions, ladles' and children's
wearing apparel department.
Boots and shoes department. I
Will sell all or part to one party. This Is an
opportunity a man with sufficient capital can- •
not afford to los», -
For full particulars address box 2439, Call.
LIST of fine paying businesses and merchan-
dise etorea for sale and exchange.
Saloons from $500 up to $7000.
Groceries from $500 up to $1000.
Restaurant; fine location: $900.
Branch bakeries, coffee-houses; city & coun-
try hotels, merchandise stores, roadhouses.
Lodging-houses from 7 to 200 rooms. !
For sale and .exchange, 3S5 acres In Santa -
Clara County for a saloon; Oakland houses,
for lodging-houses. EITEL & CARROLL,
212 Kearny St.; tel. Red 6692.
WANTED — Man with some business experi-
ence and $1000 cash to take active interest '<
In dividend paying corporation which manu-
facture* a proprietary medicine. Want man '
to travel and sell goods. Very attractive
proposition to right man. These goods are .
well advertised In magazines and newspa- ■
, pers and all wholesale druggists in the. p.
S. and Canada sell them. Address
HOWARD E. NICHOLS. President. '
203 North Tenth St.. Et. Louis. Mo.
CHARLES C. HULBERT.
TeL Main 102 L-' Successor to Frank P. Lee.
HOTEL.
$3000 — Clearing $175 per month: 30 rooms. '
completely furnished; all full; will exchange
for cottage or house of equal value.
$325 buys good barber shop; guaranteed $35
to $42 per week, or will sell one-half Interest.
For Bale^ — Three good restanranta.
GINSENG— Fortune In little gardens; easily
grown everywhere. I will pay from $6 to
$10 per pound for your crop; co«t to grow
less than $1; room in your yard to grow
thousands of dollars' worth; complete In-
formation free; write to-day. ARTHUR C.
THOMPSON, Dept. 60, Thompson b!dg.,
Ecranton. Pa. /
HAVE private information where at least $5000
profit can be made In few days; no gambling,
no risk; legitimate deal; want party having .
$5C0Q ready cash; will not interfere with
your other business; principals only answer.
Box 2S54. Call office.
GUIDE to Success gives complete Information
as to what your money should earn. Our
patrons are having big profits remitted to
them weekly. Sant free with market letter.
The LOGAN ROACH CO., (Inc.), 234 La-
Balle at., Chicago.
$700 — PAYING noticn store. Market st.. near
7th; will invoice $1000; low rent. -$200 — Bak-
ery, live town; rent $15; lease, living rooms; i
ovens, counter, showcase, wagon. WHITE
& BAYLEY, 2G Montgomery Bt., room B.
STOCK or bend issue reputable corporation,
mining, industrial or railroad, wanted; have J
every facility for selling same on commis-
sion; give particulars. P. O. box 14C3. New
York\City.
A COMPETENT business man with J2000 as
secretary of a substantial cempany; can
clear $40C0 a year; this will bear closest In-
vestigation; money fully secured. Box 2901,
Call office.
AN Old-established manufacturing drug busi-
ness 'with Rood selling proprietary prepara-
tions, trademarks etc.; will rell or exchange- •
for real estate. 'Address box 2313, Call.
EMPIRE RACING STABLES !
Are earning splendid dividends for Investors; j
write for particulars. EMPIRE CO., 1133 !,
and ll."55 Broadway, New York. , ,
HAVE you $10C0 to invest in strictly honest j ]
business enterprise that will make you sev- .
cral thousarvl dollars first year? E. J. •
WORST* Aahiand, O. j '
YOUR Idle tncney will earn 5 per cent weekly; j
you handle your own money: investigate at ! ■
once; full carticulars free. Box 101 i, 100S I ;
Market st. ' '.
$2C0 WILL buy a good paying bakery; ■ w'll j ;
bfar full Investigation. HAWKS & ME1IK- j
>TENS. corner Seventh sU ami Railroad ave.,
Alameda.
MINE owner wants' S2CC0 backer: meney se- 1
cured by property; $1600 bonus given for 4 !
months* use. Box 1'314, Call.
FOR sale— Cheap, paying business; small cap- [j
Hal. Address roim 19. °~> Third 'st. j|
$150 SECURES exclusive rislit of good Eastern • '
line. Box 2S7J, Call; j \
A SUPERIOR bdlrr-ry, delicacy.' variety; pays!
well; r.o comp.; illness; rent $10. 2"J38 Polk, j
$250— PARTNER wante-1; lady or gent.; gwd ' :
profits on monfy Invested. Box 2S12. Call. ! '•
RESTAURANT— Snap; gocd location and butl- •
ness. Particulars see my agent. 1013 Market. . I
A GOOD living; $12C0; retiring from business; j !
second-hand book store. 1250 Ml»lon st. • j
WANTED— To buy a de!leatC5S»n store; give
price. Box 431t>," Call office.-
COC A SHARE in industrial enterprise; in- I
dorsed by leading bank. Box 2499. Call. . :
I HAVE fiC 00 to invest in profitable business
.or enterprise. Box 2106, Call office.* , \
VARIETY furniture; 250 Turk St.; bargain; t\
whole or half; want. a partner. j
_ — _ _ j
FOR rale — Established family liquor store; fine •
location; Investigate.^ - Box, 2961. • Call' office, j :
PARTY wanted that will take Interest In mln- 1
Ing and land and cattle proposition; pay ore! ■
ready-to ship. Inquire 3C5 Larkln St., near'
City Hall, room 4'J. ■ ; ;
$1000— FIRST-CLASS country barber shop foi
sale; an Al opportunity for an Al' shaver;
others .let-alone: 2 weeks' - trial. ' For par- *■
.-'.' ticulara address box". 1032. Call. „ I j !
COMMISSION "..store, . with fixtures, scales,)
trucks, , etc., for sale; with 3 years', lease t !
price very reasonable. Apply at . 320 Da via !
bt.. near Washington; a good large place. -
100 L<'»TS free — Applicants sending stamp will
receive de-d oJ Jot. size 25x100 feet. Suburb,
New York. 20th* Century Realty Co.. 6 Wall
it,. New York. " I .
H. MASSI3.
BPgPTESa CHAgCES— Con.tfcin»a.
F. A. BROOKBANK,
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market st-. between Fifth and Sixth.
PARTNER for old estab. express and transfer
business; horses, wagons, harness, every-
thing complete; party must be able to attend
office; will guarantee $75 monthly: $500 cash
required. Full particulars with
' BROOKBANK.
WE have a client who wishes to associate
himself with a sober. Industrious man who
can Invest $330 and services; he will give
interest . In business clearing $2CO month;
references exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
1 A CLIENT of mine who conducts a well pay-
\ ing cigar stand on Market et. desires a good
honest man as partner to assist him in at-
tend iri stand and to same he can offer a
fine position; no experience necessary; $X0
cash required. Particulars with BROOK-
BANK.
1 GOOD meat market for cale: experience not
; necessary Box 1115. Call office.
A SNAP— $100 buys lots assessed at J 610; cen-
trally Eltu»4»d in city of Kaslo. B. C. See
owner at i>-~\i Third st.
I COUNTRY newspaper properties for saler
daily, weekly. W. F. CORNELL & CO.. 518
Sacramento tt.
SALOON for »ale. cheap; gcod location;. S38
i Broadway; established 20 years.
1 ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sal*. Ap-
| ply Sen Francisco Call office.
•CODQIITO-HOTIS'eS rOB^BAX'-E^^
MARION GRIFFIN*!
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market eta. Tel. Black 3807.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
No. 37.
OUR BEST proposition m a straight rooming-
house; new and modern
building; new kxjsomin-
ing; new painting^ new
carpets* new tJlrdseye
maple and mahogany fur-
niture; full of high-class,
eteody roomers; long
lease; 4 blocks north of
Market on best street- car i
line; clears $175 monthly; ;
37 rooms; would exchange
for apartment-house clear-
ing not less than $400
monthly; will pay cash
difference.
MARION GRIFFIN. 4WJ Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 22.
J1100 FOR 22- room house near Ktlis and
Hyde; rent $65: rune own- j
er for lf> years: honest j
owner and honest house; j
clears J75 monthly year
after year.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market ets.
No. 100.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 100 rooms, especially
well located; nice furnish-
ings; guaranteed monthly
profit $448; very fin» se-
lected class of occupants;
house is highly recom-
MARION GRIFFIN. 40«J Examiner building.
, Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 17.
17 ROOMS (3 unfurnished): $350 down and
$G50 in payments of $10
monthly; clears $73 month-
ly; sunny side of street;
full of nice people; flower
-garden; back yard.
MARION GRD7FIN. 400 Examiner building.
j Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 40.
SICKNESS of owner causes sale of a 40-
- -.•■ room worklngman's house;
, always full of men room-
ers and clears $125 to $15O
monthly; south of Market;
rent only $110. Make
some offer to
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
, Corner 8d and Market sts.
No. 28.
NEW and MODERN house of 28 rooms, cor-
ner north of Market; 5-
•year lease; electric lights:
most . beautifully furnished:
eminently respectable, quiet
and refined; full and a
waiting list of applicants;
owner In hospital.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 68. •
DEPENDABLE houses? Why. yes, here Is
one of 68 rooms guaran-
teed to have a monthly in-
come of ?430 over rent; 7-
year lease; modern bulld-
* Ing; electric elevator; very
fine furnishings; owner
sick.
House worth SSOOO
Will sell for $5700
You pay down $3000
You pay In installments
$2700
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
1
No. 18. '
$250 DOWN and ?25O in $10 payments takes
an lS-room NE. corner
flat, clearing $43 monthly;
rent $33; It's the biggest
bargain for little money; 4
blocks north of Market.
MARION GRIFFIN: 400 Examiner building.
f Corner 3d and Market sts.
. No. 0.
DEATH causes sal* of a 0-room house near
Sutter and Larkln; rent
$3S; newly furnished; make
us an offer quick.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40C Examiner building.
Corner 3d* and Market sts.
v / No. 14.
FINE OAK furniture, fine Brussels carpets. 11
outside rooms: 3 blocks of
Market: profit «3.*> month-
ly: rent only $48; price
$750. H cash.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examfn-r building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
3 TMdy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters" for Rooming. hou«r«. Hotels and 1
All Kinds of Business Chances. i
nm 1
Look this up: .here Is a ehanc* to get fin?
little home, combined with business: you can
live rent free and make some monev besides:
this housn nf 0 rooms, rent only $.12 50; fine lo-
cation on California St.; w-ell furnished; some
new carpets: newly painted and papered;
everythlnjr In fine condition: piano and sewing
machine ges; price only $C50.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished.
lCO-rocin. downtown house; carpets, furnlturs
and draperies of the very best;, electric lights,
stenm heat; In fact, everything modern and up
to date; lor.s lease; cheap rent: owner leaving
city. \ - \>:™"-
Thls spsaks for Itself; 15 rooms, furnished In
oak: new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings In, profit cf $75 per
month; sickness compels sale. •
• We have. V! beautifully furnlrfc»d rooms In
fine block on Post *t. : full nicest kind of room-
rr?; new ..and modem throughout: brings -in
nice Income; furniture In oak^ blrdseye maple;
velvet and Axmlnfter carpets; cost $1SCO t>'
furntsh six months ago: obliged to leave city; i
big bargain: ?12C0.
Here is It rooms; Van Neis; furnished in oak <
and mahogany; good carpets; all full; cleirin;- ,
nire little salary every month; It ia your3 at
f>CCO.
Flrst-claes Investment where yon ran «n
$2 ICO per year on expenditure of 5J5CO in 4fi-
room house; rent enly $123 per month: choice
location on Suttcr ft.: always full; best of oak
furniture;, good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
S.vell ftnilly hctel on Suttcr st.; beautifully
furnishol; always full; tliTe are SO rooms, rent
only $425;- obliged to leave city; win b« s»Id at
half cost to furntsh.
-We ha vo a 9- room flat. new. .modern build-
Ing, sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $.153
per ynrd; beds cost 5100 each; hair mattresses
cost - *35 each; new S months; actual cctto
furnish. , S5CCC: must so East and will take
$2700; half cash, balance 6 p*r cent per arr.un;
everything ready to step right into an elegant
home.
Here !s 1C qood rooms close In, with 3 rooms
not furnished, but. are all. full and pays $50
per month above all expenses; owner taking
largej. house; price $1030/
■ 14 -sunny rooms, close In; rent only $60 per
month; some, new, carpets; everything nice and
clean and, pays well: price $900; $100 down,
balance time; a flne.chanee.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur-
j nlture and carpets: rent only $65; must dispose
; next ten days ; make offer. ,
- Grand, new.- modern apartment-house- beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease; with -cheap rent;, only 10 minutes' walk
itxbm Kearny. st. ; has ISO rooms and pays $500
jtODGnj^-HOJD^ES^OS^SAXE— -Cot^
to *C00 per month: always full: be»t class 1 of
people; abargaln can be had If taken at onc>.
Bi;r snap; 31-rooza apartment- house: rent
' only 14 per room; well turnlfhert iind elearJn*
100 per month; will only take $-50 cash, bal-
. ance time; price I'JSO.
Here is the cozleet and cio»t complete how
I of CO rooms superbly furnished with mBBW
1 that good taste- and Judgment ciuid susse^.
' combined with an elcgajit. new, modern bu:i3-
lng: every room occupied and clearing a »ns
profit, and sickness U the only cause for <Jis- I
j posaL
• Golden opportunity to set nice 7-room Cat:
• rent only $40; water, garbage and Janiior ser-
vice free: mahogany and oak furniture; carp?-*
body Brussels, n^w 1 year; cost ?*00; new 3U* 1 ;
' obliged to leave city.
Another one: a beautifully furnished 6-rcom
flat; Sloane fittexi it up 0 months ago- and co«
considerable over fOCQ; think of the rent, only
. $25 per month; choice location: big- snap; $*»*>.
' We have a number of special bargains in
' flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; ran di
had for less than half cost to furnish: must 1>«
I sold, either account of sickness or departure. ,
I Have large list of real estate, hotels, room- j
i ing-houses and business chances for ex-hange j
I or trade always en hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
1 nzz
'■ MITCHELL £ CO..
: 120fl MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 29S1.
I Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sol.l to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE. i
! A — 16 ROOMS: O'Farrell: rent $S0; for. .$1100"
21 rooms; Pest: rent $3O; only - l-*>
We absolutely guarantee titles. ■ - ;
A— F2 rooms; new apartments; rent only $9
per room: 2-3 rooms and bath aach: this Is a
golden opportunity: re*- It and you will nks
! it MITCHELL & CO.. exclusive agents.
i —^ — -
1 5ST.C0— SACRIFICE; large downtown rooming-
house: lease: low rent. Q-a-ner. box 2S54. Cail. j
i GREAT sacrifice — 10 rooms: en account of
death in family; will sell for 5375; Geary and
j Jones: no tetter location for renting rooms.
Box 200C. Call office. .
! SPLENDIDLY equipped apartment house. 73 .
rooms. Berkeley. Cal.: CO rocms occupied; no I
agents. Apply 10O3>4 Broadway, room «. |
Oakland. |
I HOUSE 32 rooms; housekeeping apartments: j
rent lew; lease; clearing $S5 per month above
expenses: price $1200: everything new and ia
flr.e condition. Box 1503. Call office.
FOR sale — In rooming and office building. 14
newly furnished rooms, same floor, sunny
corner. Ions lease, cheap rent f>30 Thlr-
! teenth et, Oakland.
FOR sale— Lodging-house; 2S rooms; near HI-
bernla Bank: good income; no agents. Bex |
1297. Call office.
16 ROOMS Sixth st. plainly furnished; clears
$60 over "rent; $500 cash, balance easy pay-
ments: no agents. Box 1170. Call of flee.
! GOING to the mines; will sell my 22-rocra i
house for $1000; rent $G5; part cash. Box }
2937, Call office. I
O'FARRELL. S20— House cf, 10 rooms and j
bath; Just newly furnished; for sale; sacrifice, j
FOR sale — Elegant furnished 10-room hous#. j
eaeriflce; owner leaving city. 725 Gough st .
FOR fale — Very cheap. 21-room house la cen- I
ter of clt>" Inquire 319 Taylor st.
UPPER flat, finished attic; modern: 18 rooms: j
rent $60. Corner Laguna and O'Farrell sts. I
HOWARD. 8C3, cor. 4th — Six newly furnished 4
rooms; five rented: all front: bargain.
Cl AIB VO YAKTS.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
- Complete Life Reading.
50c COc. Me. COc. 60c. 50c.
RICHARD MAYO.
The man with WONDERFUL psychic power. '
The greatest living ADVISER
On the Continent. At a glance, before yya \
have a chance to utter one word, he will !
jtell you what you came for, giving names, i
"dates, facts and figures; how to eliminate |
errors and master circumstances; he restores •
lost affection, reunites the separated, tells |
who and when you will marry and how to at- I
tain success.
There is no trouble, doubt or ambition, bo •
hope or wish, but what can be realized by 1
bis help and advice; he Is entirely original In j
his methods, different from all others; a visit
to him will bring success and happiness to
the seeker of truth and advice.
Permanently located, thoroughly reliable. !
421A Ellis st Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. J
Private fiat Separate parlors. Business con-
fidentlal.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st, clairvoyant. '
crystal eeer and business medium. Is a? ton- I
iihlng the skeptics with her remarkable \
psychic power. Whatever may b« your anxl. ;
ety or wishes, whether you are skeptic cr be- !
Hever. consult Miss M. Wille. She reveals i
the past and gives correct forecast of the fu- ♦
ture. Through her advice scores of unhappy i
homes have been made one of constant sun- I
shine. Hundreds of lovers' quarrels have '
been settled. Thousands of unsuccessful j
buttners men have been advised to success. |
some to fortune. A short consultation with '
Miss Wille will convince the most skeptical, j
for *he Is a prophetess of worldwide fame 1
and her name has become a proverb in thou-
sands of homes made happy by her aid and
advice. Her readings are strictly conflden- |
tial. She can give you that peace of mini j
that neither wealth nor power can produce, j
She gives the secret hotr to control, charm |
and fascinate the one you love, although •
miles apart. Readings dally. Hours, 10-3
p. m. Phone Hyde 1S07.
TEMPLE 'OF OCCULT SCrENCE.
Astral life readings, sittings.
Mediums devoloped In thirty days.
Diseases healed by occult power; either pres-
ent or st a distance.
Can alJ you to rbtaln your desires; your
magnetic force tested free.
1015 Sutter st. San Francisco.
?1O readings this week $2.
Afternoon and evenings.
LIVINGSTONE.
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE^ \
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. T^ADY AT-
TENDANT. 28H KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION ~~
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clalrroyaat.
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidd*n
mystery revealed: she will show you how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
• rat«d: tell your entire life. past, present and
I future: satisfaction by mall; send stamp fcr
! circular and nwelal terms. 31.1 Geary st
I MME. M. BERNARD, ths famous clairvoyant
«nd business medium. Is located at 17 Third
* sr_. near Market. Sh« reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser oft
a^I affair? in life; as a proof of her psychlo
power the^wlll tell you what you called for
FRKE or charge: $3 reading this week. $1;
ratlsfarticn guaranteed.
MME. LANGE. the only one who can help you
In your , greatest troubles: genuine gypsy
cyrnpathy. spiritualism and band reader;
convince yourself of her skill; 23c and up;
chow» the picture of future husband or wlfa.
S8 Turk st.. near Taylor; hours, froxa 10 to
R, and Sundays.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st. clairvoyant!
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
■what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given:. $1; .hours. 10 to 8.
ISMAR. 'Egyptian seeres*. The Vendome 1104
Market st. San Francisco. Offic* hours — 10
a. m. to .*■ P. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednts-
d»y evening. C to S. Phone South-JUl.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant medium; bora
vcith double veil anil second sight: t»lls past
prcrent. future: 1. 30c: g. by cards $1: palm-
istry full life read. fi. 3C{ Jones, nr. Eddy.
SKT*; ram 20 about the wonderful prophecies of
j ISMAR. the Gypsy.
j MISS ZEMDAr k younz, gift»d clalr. and palm.;
1 reveals love, marriage, fcusi ness. etc. : L. 50c;
t . G. $1; hours 10 to 0; names. 71* Franklla st
I MME. KIJONENBERC?.- pa'rrist. clairvoyant.
! rar<l r»<»(lcr: wbPn oth?rs fail try'me: r»«d-
;'- inci? '.».-»;.- .I'M O'Farren stl; tel. Red 6527.
j MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, hs*
I 'eturned: sittings dally. 1CS rth st.. rooms 1-2.
i PROF. JOHNS, paitnist and p*vch!c card rend-
: cr: 2Ss and r.Cc; hours 2 to 10 p. m. 17A 6th.
t — ■« ■
• MME. FRANCIS, a truly gifted medium; alsa
. card reader. 110 Sixth st.
j MRS. BAUMANN, th? well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 F.lils «t.
A-cisai
SEE pape 20 about the wonderful prophecies of
ISMAR. the Gypsy.
SPIRITUAL meetlns every evening this week-
bring articles for reading: ores phycome-
trised; every one ree^ves tests. 328 Ellis.'
A— MR3.J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. , 1200 Market, r. 14. Oalt Mouse.
REMOVED — Mrs. CriridW rraterlalizing seance
I Sunday eve; 50c. 782 Ellis st. 8 o'cloca.
I PROF. FRED- EVANS, noted slate-writer and
I clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st Phone Scott 887.
PAI.3H STET.
BITS ra«e -2*) about the wonderful prophecies
of ISMAR, th* ffyp«y.
A NEW plate^ — The %Vha!ebon< — Cahaat break;
warranter! I'O yrs. : crowns. $3 50; nil!ng»,&[>c:
r.'!ate>. $0; full set; all wovk ;-..:.-=. an4
warranted. Chit-ago Ifesta! Parlor*. 21- Sixtr.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, lit: Market. nr.Ei-;ve=:a
— No charge for extracting when plates ar*
tr.ade; old plates made ever like new; tJetln
jfrctn $^ p«r »"t: extractin;. SOe; gas given.
P/.KI3 Dental Parlor*. "Z-~-j K«arny.or. ;.j ■- —
fc>t teeth. $1 5o up: crawns. $J up; :. ,.-4 ' -"
COLD fillings. 75c; silver." , 33c ; "crstrnn. Xi; no
r-aln:cpen gtm-tays. Dr.A.C.il-w::t.2'>l Sutter.
ARTHUR CHl?H0LM. eurseon-diEti5t.r.l4.1s:
Cocr. Pf;»!an bUl.. fS06 M3r.IT*.. ccr. O'Fjirre;!.
DK. I'.. L. WALSH has moved from Geary »t_
to eorr<r Sutter st. and Grant ave.
DBSfSM/.ESr. 1 ; AIIS SZAa£ST2£3S£3.
1 McDowell dressmaking
and milline.it school.
: McDowell system of dregs ma king award*!
fgohl medal at St. Louis Exposition; practical
busine-s course -In millinery; any patt*rn cut
I to measure; special rates for here. 1019 Mar-
ket st : : .
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Uiilinery School-
Pattern* cut to measure; eve. class. 1013 Mkr.
Accordion sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and* buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
■ — *^— — — —^— — ~—^~^ -l— "' — ***** *~—~ *^"*~ »
jEPTJCATIONAX*.
A— THE Lyceua. «a accredited -nrepamory
school for university, law aad taedlcal col-
leges; refs. President Jdrdan or any Staaforl
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelaa bid*.
E. R AIRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, pemnanscip.
fhcrtnand. typing; I* month; 117* sebolu-iaip
f,I0; positicns secured; day. «ve. 723 Market
THE Paul Gerwsn School cf Actlar. Use Urx e«
Institution devsted exclusively to dramaUa
learning ia America; positions guaranteed.
Bend for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
PIANO lessons by experienced German teaeaer:
ha'f hour. 25c; classes for children. $2 per
month. MRS. PECK. 1013 Mission st. neax
Sixth.
HEALC'S School of Mines and Engineeris*. Z4
Post st. S. F.; civlL mining, electrical, steaa
acd gas engineering. Send f=r pi-uapastus.
A SUCCESSFUL coUege: new. larg* rooms:
perfect ligat; all graduates ar» getUn* pot«-
tlons. S. B. Businesa Collene. 728 DtlssdcB.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mla.. oeca.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ere.; est 1554. Vaa
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Rail.
HEALITS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 18fc3; largest In the West; aa-
cual enrollment 10CO; send for drcalars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches. $5 ma: 47 les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi-
tion; indiv. ir.struc. West. Bus.Col.,1231 Mkt
BOOKKEEPING, En*.. Math., etc.; day aad
eve.; Individual instr. SOS Larkln st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Coi.
471esscnsPitman shorthand and hold anyposltioa •
guar. ;«0 court reporting :"sln-;le-pa-;-) method""
bookke-plng. Western Bus. Co!.. 12S1 Market.
VIOLIN zither and guitar lessens. 50c. Prof.
Cors. 528 Hickory ave.. bet Fell and Oak,
near Webster; Wednesday at Fruitvale.
CLASSES »n snort story writing aad Journalism
meet on Man.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 t>. a.. 333
Phelan bljjc. ; terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. «Q2 Van N»ss
ave. ; positions secured- , R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COI*-'
LEGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalocaa.
MANDOLIN thoroughly t»'J*?n* alults or chil-
dren; reasonable. 152G California, nr. Polk-
SPANISH — Fifth successful year of teaching.
Prof. D. C. Maya of Madrid. 427 S-Jtter st
PRIVATE lessons in te!e*rarhy: rapid *ucce3i
assured to students. 216 Scott, nr. Halght
Dancing— CMalley, 11»4 OTaxrell; ballroom,
stage; ad-ilts Thurs; Juvenile Sat: les. daily.
WANTED at mcc. lessons on the alto saxo-
phone. S12 lliison et.
BOOKKEEPING — Save time, gain fcno-wledjre.
with TARR. expert. 217 Parmtt building.
KENT Law School: day and n!?>.*: 14th year;
free catalogue. 53C Parrctt building.
GUITAR. mandol:a and piano. S3 per nioata;
vceal lessons $1- «2S Halght st.
ISAAC Pitman Business Collese. 345 Halgat;
indiTldual lnstraet: all branches; day. «t«.
CHICAGO Business College. 15S4 Market— Posl-
ticns. shorthand, typfag. bookkeeplr*: $3 ma.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now cpen. Hia-
cun'i School cf Dancing. 1412 Polk. cr. Cat.
SHORTHAND taught thorUy by mail and perT
tonally. Misa M. Q. Barrett. 302 Montym'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION " Day aadl
PART:NOTON"3. 424 Pise st— Night class.
EPANISH.French.etc Prof .D« Ftllppe'sAcademy
of languages. mis Post: est_lS71;ab!est profs.
EMFLOTMiUIT OTfTICIS.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment ofsc*
rappliesi best help promptly; city or country.
8. IMURA. K2» Sacramento. TeL James 5231.
A<— ORPHEUM Enaploymeat Office — Japaaes*.
Chinese help. 426 Powell st: tel. Mia 5732.
JAPANESE-Chinese Etap. Office. 413 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamacakl. rr.gr. Tel.Bush g3».
RELIABLE Japanese-Chlr.eaa Enaployrsent Of-
fice; all kinds help. 313 Stockton: Mala S1SS.
CHINESE aad Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. M0 Clay.
EMPI.OYMinsrr WAjrTEP — pr*-mraT.-t»,
WOULD like a. pcsltloo as candy girl. Addresa
514 Franklin st.
GOOD girl wants 1 work; hotn« taor« of aa ol>*
Ject than wage**. Box 2S06. Call offlc*.
HOUSEKEEPER wants oc«lti«a: no lacus*-
brances. Address box 2303. Call ofSc*.
"WANTED — Position as saleslady. Box ZSOflC
Call office.
A STRONG wM3»a wants ho-jse- aad window
cleaning by the day: small wa&a. SM Geary.
WOMAN woulJ like pcsltloa as ch*roD«rmsid
In city cr out Recly S19 Mission st
WANTED — Position as stenographer. Box
1171. Call office.
"WANTED — Copying to do at hoina. Bex 113*.
Call office.
A LADY would Ilka a baby to nurss. Box
llio. Call office.
HAIRDRESSER wishes position. 919 Howaxtt
street.
DRESSMAKER wants work; $1 SO day. 123*
Iloward st.
WANTED— Sewlnr by th» day. Apply 1007 H
Market st
CASHIER wishes position. 913 Valesds. st.
A wants work by the. day. U0~TMr4
street
POSITION a« housekeeper. :4*n Lasstry rt.
POSITION aa hairdresser. 671 H Harrison st
A WOMAN wishes -work by the- day; washing
or housecleaninc. 1152 Folsom. st
WANTED— Washing and d» housework; ft
day and carfare. Box 1137, Call office.
NORWEGIAN laundress would Uka steady
placo by month; sleep at home. Box 1133,
Call olflc*.
COOD cook wants a oositloo. Addres* 621
Sansome st.. second floor.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 1377 Eddy
street.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position.
558 Stevenson st.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position
with law firm. Address box 1161. Call.
NURSE would Ilka ocsitlon by the day; best
of references. 1719 O'Farrel! st
PLAIN sewing. 153 Tehams, st.
PLAIN xewlns done. 7 Wheat st
A GOOD STEADY worker would llk» to get
steady place by tha month; sleep home. &3A
Convers St.. c£f Bryant, near Eighth.
A NORWEC1AN weman wants place la hotel
as linen girl; can do good plain sewing.
Box '.'s;". Call office.
WOMAN wants wcrk by the- day washing or
cleaning. Apply at s oy Mission st.
WANTED — Pntitlon as cashier; short hours;
experienced; restaurant. Address box 232A
', Call efflce.
I WOMAN wants work b.y tht day or week.
. Address tCl Sanscme st.
YOUNG woman wants -work by the day, tt 5<J
und car fare, vs Oorland st. , "
YOUNfJ lady wishes position as cashier: e-x-
perlenctKi. AiUress Ml*s A. B.. 419 Hyde st.
WOMAN wants work by th« day. H4 Thiri
. street.SregT*OYIg£HT WASTED-- Female-Con |
WANTED — By a. niidJle-aKeJ Now England
woman, a eituation a* cock. Cail or address
"Cook. C75 OFarrell st.
3MIDDLE-AOED German woman, coo3 cook, <
wants pi-ii**- Address box 23(50. Call office. ;
POSITION ;.* housekeeper. C63'* Harrslon st. j
A LADY to do plain sewlr^. Apply 522 S:e- |
vcn&oa tt.
LADY wishes washing; cpen air dry. Page !
SKWIXG by the «ay- B33 Grov* st.
SEWING by th* <5ay. 5C8 Grove at
A GIP.L w&ats a place to mind babies. 549
- Larkin Bt.
DI'-ESSMAKEJl, experienced, would like a few
more engaptments by the day; good cutter
and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 2877, Call, j
HOUSEWORK wanted by the day. Apply 763 j
Bryant et.
EITUATION aa atamper. Box 2862, Call of- I
flee. '
DRESE1IAKER wants engagements. Box 1
2SS2. Call offlca.
WANTED — Situation by competent woman for '
cooking in private family; firat-claaa refer- j
•ncee. Call 753 Bush at. rear house.
WANTED— Licet housework. Bcx 2879. Call j
offlc*.
WASHING want*d by ta* day. 76S Bryant
•treet.
FTR£T-CLASS cook wasta situation; reference.
£832 lMsorn st
WANTED — Pce'.Uon as governess. Address J. J
C. box 2»O3. Caa offlce
A GOOD amir, stress that makes children's
Areoses would like to get work; 75c a day.
Box 2904. Call. ■
A RESPECTABLE woman wlshea work by the
day. fcousecleanlng or washing; $1 60 a day. j
430 Clementina at. in rear. ;
V. OMAN wlahes work by the day. Addreas ■
bcx 2SS3. Cail.
i I
COMPETENT nurse Irishes engagementa; con- j
Cnemecta, invalids; painstaking; references;
moderate terms. MRS. KING, 11S9 Turk at '
WANTED — Copying to do at horn*. Box 2SS8,
Call offlc*.
WOMAN waata work by tfc* day. Apply 814 !
Third st
WAEHMAN deslrea position; well recommend-
ed. 76 Natoma st.
A WOMAN wanta work for Wednesday, wash-
Ing. Ironing at $1 50 per day. Box 2SS3,
Call office.
A FIH£T- CLASS cook tci housekeeper wants
work by the day. 106 Eleventh at
YOUNG woman desires position as sten-
ographer. Address box 2S38. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants poaitlon aa cook, i
Box 2S53. Call offlce. ,
- l
▲ TTOMAX wants work: by th* day. S27 Fifth I
street.
A YOUNG pirl wishea a position aa working j
housekeeper. Please call at 1231 Bush at
GIRL wants position to do light housework.
535 Howard et. v
A LADY wishes position as working house- •
keeper. Box 2223. Call orflc*. '
A WO1IAN wants work by the day. washing, i
tne&S &*>d houte cleaning ; SI 50 a day and .
carfare. Bcx £026. Call office.
"OT'NG ls.3y wants position as stenographer: ',
hep lots of experience and references. Box '■
2»2S. Call office. ;
VY refined miiJie-aged woman position aa i
R working housekeeper for wldower*a farr.1- j
ly. Bcx 2912. Call offlce.
VOMAN wishes to take care of small children. ;
: . <• ;:>.-.! st.
JY a lady to do gentleman' ■ washing. Ap-
ply 20 Harriet et.
— — —
VUTiSE girl wants work. 233 Stevenson et
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged Ameri- j
Beam lady to tak« care of an invalid and do j
lisrht housework. and cook; good references. I
Ccx •JiiLo. Call tfflce. I
A YOUNG pirl would like a nice place for |
v.o'k. T.'s Fo'.som st.
VANTHD — Uy middle-aged woman, bouse- [
work half day in exchange for sunny room ;
«r.4 bn«r4; lower floor; no basement. Box ■
cnt:2. Call. . 'i
A MIDDLE- AOED woman wlehea washing «r j
ircninp by the day or housecleanlng; $1 50 i
and carlarc; no postala. 150 West Mission i
Et.. cor. Dubo<r« ave. and Thirteenth et j
A YOUNG jrirl would like position aa seam--;
etr«is in email family. Address 654 Minna. ;
WOMAN warts day work, cleaning or laun-
dress; eitx-rtenced. Box 2S34, Call offlce.
GOOD German and American cook would like
to art a place; references may be given. Box i
2SS1. Call office.
GOOD cook wants soslUcn In country. 773** |
Fol«nm *t.
WOMAN wanU the care of children. 203 Sixth
street.
WOMAN waata housework by day. 9 Rltcn
street
Is'vr.rr: waats position to car* for invalid. 91
Shipley at.
WANTED — Position «.a working housekeeper.
124 Sixth at. room 80. »
AUTISTIC dressmaker would like engagementa
by the day, <1 60; dresaes altered; perfect fit
guaranteed. Box 2SH6, Call office.
WOMAN would like to do housework. Box
2344. Call efflce.
WOMAN would like work by th* day. Box
2S45. C*U offlc*,
LADY desires work by the day. Apply at 633
Etevenaon at
WOMAN wtshea to go oat by tb* day working.
1414 Baker at
WOMAN would like to have houaework by the
day. Box 294S. Call office.
COMPETENT, refined woman wishes work,
light houaework. children' a seamstress, nurse !
Invalid; good home; reasonable salary: refer-
escea. Call or address MRS. L.. 415 ET.lls.
A RELIABLE woman wanta general house-
work; ia a good, plain cook. Box 28iS. Call.
A TOUNO woman would like poaitlon taking
care of children. NELLJE TOBIN, 1053
Miseloa at
WANT a position aa aeamstreas. SIRS. VOLZ,
1411 Montgomery at
WOMAN wants work by tb* day. 23% Bitch
street
PLAIN aortas; wasted. 828 Fourth ex.
DRESSMAKER wishes work at horn* or by th*
day. Box 2841. Call. •
PLAIN sewing wanted. 414 Webstar at
LADY wishes position aa nouaekeapar. Box
2S38. Call office.
A LADY would Uk* housework. 420 Grov*
street.
COLOP^ED woman, cook and latindreaa, gen--
er&l work; wagea f29. Box 2836. Call.
A WOMAN wants work by the day, washing
end housecleaning; f 1 60 and carfare. F.
WAITS. 1S1 South Park.
A LITTLE girl wanta a plac* to do norsing
after school hours. Addresa ANNA WEST,
1651 Fremont at
WOULD like a child to take car* of a few
houra a day. 339 McAllister »t.
LADY would like fancy work to tak* home.
Addresa box 2981., Call offlce. « -
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper or assistant;
references. Box 2999, Call office.
SCHOOL girt, excellent help, wishes home and
low wazes. Box 2495. Call offlc*.
"WANTED — A position as a flrst-class waitress.
Call 233 Powell at . . „
COMPETENT stenographer wanta position in
law firm; best cf references. " Box 24S8, Call.
WANTED — A position as fitter flret-class cloak |
and suit bouse. Box 2953, Call offlce.
WANTED — By dressmaker. -' position on alter-
ations. Box 2500. Call orflc*. ' ,
WANTED— Positlcn as housekeeper. Apply C83
Hyde at., second bell.
V.'ANTED — Washing by the day. Call 617
Howard «t.
CEKMAN lady, first -elaes cook, wants to work
by. the day; beet of references. Box 1S74
Call office.
EXPERIENCED cloak and suit fitter recently
from the i>.?t wUbes position in suit bouse.
Box 2U75. Call office.
SBgLOYaiEST WASTED — female-Con
WANTED — A position aa a first-class waitress.
Calria3 Powell st.
WANTED— Sewing by the day. Apply 1007
Market st. V
WANTED— Work by the day. Apply 1007 Mar- '
ket st ;
QUICK and Intelligent young: l*dy would like i
position in offlce; no etcuccrapher; writes !
*xc-Ilent business hand. Please call or ad- ;
dress, stating terms, 831% Greenwich st. ;
A GOOD dressmaker wants cewing at home or '
out by the day. Box 2316. Call. '.
A WOMAN wants work by day; best of ref- j
erences. Box 2319. Cail.
GERMAN" weman wants work by the day, I
washing or cleaning, for Thursday and Fri- I
day. Apply 1433 Fifteenth ave. south.
A NEAT, reliable woman wanta to help with :
light wcrk part of the day two days •ach j
week. Box 2317. Call. ;
YOUNG woman wishes any kind of work for '
a few hours every day. Box 2313. Call.
A SWEDISH woman would like to get place as i
housekeeper for Swedish or Norwegian; can i
talk English. Box 2318. Call.
EXPERIENCED Eastern nurse wishes some I
more enjr&eements : confinement cases pre- !
ferrad. Call 748 Howard «t- ;
A YOUNG woman waats work by day, wash- •
Ins, ironing or housecleanlng. Box 2314,
Call offlce.
* i
GIRL wanta place to do housework. Box 2995, :
Call office.
A GIRL wacta to do housework by th« day. j
Box 2S64. Call. i
i I
A EITUATION wanted aa a nurse girl. 421 i
Broadway.
A GIRL of 15 wishes situation as cash girl; j
understands her business. -MABEL, 711 I
Grafton ave. |
WOMAN wants few hours' work a day of anyt
kind. 241 Minna at.
WOMAN wanta a place to do work around •
restaurant S59 Mission at I
A WOMAN waata work by the day. Call at |
64SB Jessie st. ,
A BOOKKEEPER with knowledge of type- |
writing; can give city references. Phone
Mint 1673, or box 2S65, Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent lady to do i
light houaework. JOSIE WALLACE. 1116 j
Mission st. room 20. y
YOUNG lady wishea positlcn as stenographer; ■
salary no object. Address box 2432. Call.
YOUNG lady of brilliant attainments wishea ;
position to sing in concert. Addresa box I
2429. Call offlca. ;
!
A FIRST-CLASS laundVesa takes washing i
home; open-air dry. Phcne Page 7931. j
A LADY pianist would like a position out of !
town. Box 2348. Call office.
YOUNG girl would like position; plain eew-
lng. Box 2325. Call office.
GOOD cook wants work; is strong and will- j
ing; will go any distance. Address box 2573, i
Call office, Oakland. I
■ i
REFINED 'woman desires positlcn in refined \
family to assist in housework and sewing; ,
country preferred. Box 1571, Call, Oakland, j
A WOMAN wanta work for Wednesdays: $1 50 •
a day: washing, ironing and house cleaning, j
Box 2410. Call. \
RELIABLE, experienced nurse in confinement
will take engagements: thoroughly competent
to tcke full charge of patient and child;
terms moderate. 318 Fell at. .
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means, ;
wants to go in good steady home; wash
dishes or other Iicht work; is a good plain
cook: carfare, $2 50 week. Address lOdVa ,
Third st. room first flight
GOOD cook would like to get a place; refer-
ences may be Klven. Box 2403, CalL
COMPETENT bookkeeper, capable of taking |
full charge of office and correspondence; ac- :
counts by books or card aystem; best refer- j
ences. Box 24O5, Call. ;
WOMAN wanta work by the day. Box 2432, !
Call offlce. |
COMPETENT woman wants situation to do I
housswork; city or country. 211% 12th at j
YOUNG lady would like plain aewing. 74 :
Clementina st * j
STRONG woman wishes a steady place foe !
washing on Monday; don't want to go far j
eut Call at 145 Twelfth st, room 8. ]
YOUNG lady wishes position as saleslady. Ad- [
dress 1125 Clay at.
RELIABLE woman wants washing or clean- !
Ing; by the day. Call Monday. at 31 Fulton st :
YOUNG lady wifhea position aa cashier. Tel- j
Church 4C39. . J
A LADY wants position as housekeeper. Call !
3 days, 34 Sixth at
A REFINED young lady would care for chil- |
drcn durinjr day for board ana room. Box
1613. 100S Market at. j
SITUATION wanted by experienced waitress |
and r-arlor maid; city references. 1037 Mar-
ket et. Phone Howard 295,4. ;
A — Bookkeeper, cashier, young lady: expert •
accountant; quick, accurate; all modern eys-
tema; highest references; last position 5 \
years. Box 2373L Call offlce.
1 !
WANTED— A position as female detective In i
etore. AddreBa box 2346. Call offlce.
A YOUNG lady wishes a place as houcekeep- ;
er. 1035 Market «t.. room 3. :
<
WOMAN wants work by the day; $1 50. Apply
322 Seventh at. rear.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work by the
day; references. Box 2397. Call offlce.
A TOUNO lady wishes position as stenograph.
er.-696 Sutter «.
WOMAN wants work by day. Addresa box
2430rCaU offlce.
REFINED German lady, good cook and gen- j
eral worker, wishes respectable housekeeper
position. Address box 2350, Call offlce.
AMERICAN woman wishes work of any kind !
from 10 to 4. CaJl or addresa 873 Mission ■
at, corner Fifth. I* B. •
SITUATION aa enrsegiri. Box 237J. CalL j
GERMAN woman wants/ to ro out washing:, [
ironinr. housecleanlng by the day. Pleas© j
call* 280 Harriet at. in rear. " i
A YOUNG lady wishes to help at dinners or
evening parties; references. 894 Geary at
PLAIN aewing by the day. Box 2416, Call.
SITUATION wanted by elderly lady aa house-
keeper or seamstress. 'Addresa 420 Minna st
WANTED— Work by day. 68 Natoma at
WANTED — A lady wlshea plain aewing by the
day. 83 Harriet at
PLACE aa chambermaid. Box Bi83, CalL
WANTED— House work. 227 V, Oak at.
A T*OMAX wanta work by the day. Address
box 2418. Call office.
TALENTED vocalist desires engagementa. t'Jl
Geary at, room 1.
EASTERN woman wants aituation; flrst-class
cook; good baker; plain washing if required; I
references. Address Cook, box 2443, Call.
EXPERIENCED ladles' nurse wishes enrage-'l
ments: best references; $10 week. Call MliS.
WILSON. 474% Tehama at. near Sixth.
A YOUNG lady desires a position aa stenog-
rapher. Box 2408, Call offlce.
WANTED — Copying to do at home. Box 2394,
Call offlce. \ .- y
WANTED — Engagementa for facial massage.
Box 2393. Call office. •. "
WANTED — Poaltlon aa maniouriat and attend-
ant in ladles' baths. Address box 2312. Call.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day. 1123
Laguna st :
WOULD like position as nurse. Call at 801
Howard st. . ?
WANTED — Sewing, at residence; $1 50 per
day. Box 2493. Call office. ;
A GERMAN woman wants washing at home.
7 Rlgley place. .
CHILDREN'S dresses and plain sewing. MRS.
HABS, 15 Germanla at.
A POSITION aa chambermaid. MISS G.. 129
Minna' at.
A CAPABLE and refined woman desires em-
ployment as companion or < nurse to invalid
lady; bas had considerable experience in
nursing: is a (rood seamstress. Box 156S,
Call, offloe. Oakland. .
GIRL wants work by the week. 305 Kearny
street .
WANTED — By respectable woman, gents' I
waehlnK to do at h/m<» V Qa - Ai. 3270 Har-
rison et -lAtiMBHI HSHHHBHHMSafii
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALi;, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
SRIPTjCTSITIITT WAl^TED— reraalc--Con i
A LADY going out bj r thp day; washinjr and I
ironing; no postals. ■ IStt Sixth at
LADY clarinet player wishes position in or;
out cf city. Address box 2148, Call office. J
WANTED — Plain iscwinr- 605 Union Et. |
7 / — —
PLAIN eewing wanted. 518 Union st.
A GERMAN girl wants a place to do house-
wfrrk. Addrets 153 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants a place; references.
3400 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor on suits and
coats; nrst-class work done; cutting and fit-
ting- guaranteed; sulta made at home; en-
gagements out per day. MISS BARSS, Sher-
man House, 28 Eighth st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer and offlce assist-
ant wishes position; references. Box 2326,
Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE lady wants work of any kind,
day or half day. 402% Tehama st
WOMAN wants a place dishwashing, glass and
porcelain. Address 276 Fifth st.
WOULD like position aa cook. Call at 822
Howard st.
A LADY wishes to take care of a baby. 635
_JVaileJo «t.
FOR alteration and shirt waist made call at
244 Taylor at. ; ■
YOUNG girl, stenographer; good education;
few months' experience. -Box 2377. Call.
BTENOG RAPHER. young lady: 3 years' ex-
perlence comicercfal, law and other work;
very fast and accurate. Box 2376, Call.
A WOMAN wants work for Wednesday; $1 60
and car 'fare; washing, Ironing and house-
cleaning. Box 2C34. Call office.
A GOOD dressmaker wants work. 41 Lang-
ton st.
PLAIN and fancy sewing done. Apply 1605
Baker St.. near Sutter.
LADY with experience desires position as com-
panion or management of children. S12 Ma-
son Et
A WOMAN wants work by the day. Box 2304,
Call offlo. ■
WOMAN wants work by the day. $1; city ref-
erences. Box 2378, Call.
A YOUNG woman wishes to do waahinc or
housework by the day. 873 Mission et.
RESPECTABLE American lady wishes situa-
tion as landlady in a flrst-class rooming-
house. Box 2440, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes position aa working
housekeeper in widower's family; no wash-
ing; waces $20. Box 2419, Call.
A NEAT young woman wlahes light work In
small private family; steady place desired-
Box 24^0. Call.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse wishes engage-
ments- best references; $10 week. Call MRS.
WILSON, 474% Tehama st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper. Box 2903,
Call office.
COMPETENT dressmaker wlghes work by the
day; reasonable. C20 Liberty st
A GOOD corsetmaker wanta steady work. 80%
Moss st . i '
AN experienced chambermaid needs work;
rooming-house or hotel; city or country. Box
21G3, Call office.
SITUATION as chambermaid. Box 2301. Call
offlce. .
EITUATION as dressmaker. Box 2301, Call of-
flce.
EXPERT cashier. 34S8 Eighteenth st
i .
WOMAN wants wcrk by day. 510 Ash ave.
SEWING by the day. 213 Third st.
WANTED — By a middle-aged Protestant wom-
an, situation in small family; kind treat-
ment and permanent home first considera-
tion. Box 2320. CaJl offlce.
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements; !
surgical or confinements: careful, prudent; j
economical ; reasonable; references. MRS.
MEItRITT^ 127 Seventh Bt.
A WOMAN wishes to take washiner home;
reasonable. 328 Fremont Bt.
JAPANESE jrlrl wants place aa plain cook
and housework. S. R-, 1 Adelaide pi., Taylor
St., near Post at.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 3400 Mission
street.
COMPETENT German .woman wanta washing
and ironing by the day; no postals. 1203
ValJeJo Bt. ]
A WOMAN would like to do washing by the
day; $1 25 per day; hours, 8 to 5. Please ad-
dress MRS. E. K.. 31S / Turk st
YOUNG woman with girl 4 years old as work-
ing housekeeper; small wages. CaJl at 403
Eighth st.
CAPABLE woman, ex-teacher, desires charge
of orphanage or other Institution: strong,
practical, long training In sociology and
methods; good disciplinarian. Box 1120. Call.
GOOD Japanese woman wants position aa
housework or nurse; $4 week up. - SHIRAKA.
1410 Pine st
GOOD Japanese green woman wants position,
housework or cook's help. TO YAM AD, 358
Jessie st.
BMgEOYMENT WAKTED— MALE.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by an all round man.
elderly, educated, energetic, efficient A to
Z; accountant to zoologist; willing to un-
dertake anything In reason; references fur- '
nlshed. Address C. H. FRANK, 11 Taylor
st. room 13, San Francisco, for one week.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by an all round man, j
elderly, educated, energetic, efficient A to i
Z; accountant to zoologist; willing to un-
dertake anything in reason; references fur-
nished. Address C. H. FRANK. 11 Taylor
at. room IS, San Francisco, for one week.
SITUATION wanted as a Watchman. ALBERT
J. GREEXHOW, 1707 Duoont at.
BARTENDER wishes work. R. MURRAY. 15
Third at." - —
FIRST-CLASS woodworker wants position. Box
2814. Call office.
BARBER wants position In country. Box
2813. Call offlce.
LIKE position lunch man or porter. Address
F. J. M.. C53 Howard st.
MR. COLLINS would like work as night clerk.
744 Howard st
POSITION wanted aa a barber. 89 Third
street
WANTED — A position as barkeeper. Apply
J. HARRI3, 744 Howard at.
POSITION wanted as bartender. H. MUL-
LER. 15 Third at
BOY wants to learn a trade. 84 Natoma st
WOULD like work as porter. J. I., HARRIS,
744 Howard et
OLD carpenter and cabinet maker wants work
city or country; very reasonable wagea. Box
2809. Call 'office. .
PORTER wants situation. Address box 2S04,
Call offlce.
BARKEEPER would like a situation. Address
box 2S03, Call office. '
WANTED — Position aa porter. "Apply 44 Sil-
ver at. . .> . ■ .
MAN wants work of any kind In wholesale
house; good. at figures. Address 707 Eliza-
beth et. ■ • ■ ■ . ' .■■.■:-■-•.■■■■::.•
WANTED— Position as salesman. HARRY
MILLER. 52U Bush st " -
BARKEEPER wishes situation. Address box
2802. Call office." - » ...... .
HOUSEMAN in hotel or lodging-house; speaks
and writes Spanish. T. W. DAY. 600 Bush.
MECHANICAL draughtsman wants position;
2 years' experience; good tracer; any. thing
with good chance of advancement acccepted. '
Box 118, Berkeley, Cal. . ,:'.;C'
BOY would like to learn a trade. 1126 Elm
ave. '
AN all around business mail wishes ' steady
position. Box 1174. Call office
HANDY man like position;. well recommended
Address box 1172. Call offlce.
BARTENDER wants position. H. WITT
3313 Eighteenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position ns watch-
roan; well recommended. p. BACKER, • C7
Natoma et. " . ~ '
WANTED^ — A position as polisher. ' Box 1157 i
' Call • offlce. . , . . • ' !
MAN wants - position to drive team in city
Box 1156. Call offlce. . , . y "
BOY would like to learn 'a trade. 1126 Elm
ave. ' ' . " ■ : .; • .
YOUNG man wants a Job at any kind of
work. Box 1152, Call offlce."
TEAMSTER ' wants steady ■ work. " 217 > Clara
• •atreeV r »;"' . ■' • .:." ...'■■-
EKPLOYMBHT WASTTED— Male— -Con
MIDDLE-AGED man of temperate' habits, ex-
cellent references, desires a position as night
dark or watchman. Address F. B., 616 Clay.
POSITION wanted as"" porter in wholesale
house; speaks Spanish. THOS. GOMEZ CW
Bu3h st. .' '
COMPETENT painter and paper hanger warns
work by the day for private parties: no ob-
jection to country If fairly steady work Box
1130. Call .of floe. ■ .,■ ...
HANDY man like | position. Address F, 'BA-
KER. 78 Natoma st
WANTED — A- position as a bartender. Box
1133. Call offlce., , -
EXPERIENCED man wlshea position as team-
ster; city preferred. Box 1132, Call Offloe.
MIDDLE-AGED German, all around handy
man. would like position. F. BACKER, 76
Natoma st.
BOY wanta position In wholesale house; best
of references. Box 1163. Call offlc*. .
MAN wants work aa watchman, city or coun-
try. Box 1162, Call office.
WANTED — By a young man. work of \ any
. kind in the evening. Box 11B9, Call office.
AUTHOR'S MMS. and PROOFS carefully RB-
VISED by expert Proofreader, 45 Weat
Mission at. •
BOY wants position on Saturdays and after
school. Box 1123. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED cabinet maker would like Job
Call 253 Fell st ■ . ■■■,■/
RELIABLE, all - around man wants work in
country as stableman, choreman or team-
ster; references. Box 1131. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as cashier. Box 1130.
Call offlce. .
YOUNG man wishes work in a book bind-
ery. 1521 Geary «t..
WANTED— Position as waiter. F. McDON-
ALD. 154 Tehama St. ■
POSITION as cook or lunch man In saloon.
703 Third at ■
POSITION wanted as a barber. 87 Third at
STEWARD would like position In hotel. Ap-
ply F. McCAULEY, 44 Third at.
POSITION wanted aa a bootblack. 89 Third
street. J
WANTED— Position as collector or "city sales-
man; bond, eto. Box 2S18, Call office.
WANTED— Work as cook; country hotel. J.
a, 114 Ellis at. i
WANTED — A position as barkeeper. Apply
J. J. D.. 744 Howard at
A POSITION aa bartender: good mixer; can
cook lunch. Box 1127, Call offlce. ,
WOULD Ilka work as porter. Apply C
MOYNA. 648 Eddy at
WANTED — Position aa collector; 8 years' ex-
perience; references. Box 2820, Call office.
BOY wishes situation at store or of fie* work.
1419% Mission Bt
WOULD like work aa porter. Apply C. W.
MOYNA, 744 Howard at
POSITION aa vest maker. EMIL STERN,
433% Natoma st
BOY wants position In office. Box 1166, Call
offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS upholsterer and carpet layer
will wcrk by the day or piece. 927 Eddy
et; phone Lurkln 3004.
POSITION wanted as a barber. Box 1164,
Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants position. 14
Hayes st. |
BARTENDER* would Ilka work. Apply 622
Jessie st.
A GOOD varnisher and polisher wanta work
on pianos and fine furniture; reasonable,
country orders taken. Box 2823, Call office.
WANTED— Position as cigar clerk. Box 2S24,
Call offlce. : ;. :,■;*, :. \ «
EASTERN young man wlshea position aa
reference. Box 2822, Call office.
YOUNG man wants work 'of any kind; beat of
references. 2703 Harrison Bt
STEADY, sober man wants work aa atable-
man or teamster; city or country referencea.
Box 2S21, Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as an accountant in a
restaurant. A. J. B.. box 2S25. Call offlce.
YOUNG man waqts position as helper to elec-
trician: 8 mo. experience: good references.
Address box 2827, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position ns -driver -of —delivery
wagon. THOMAS- "WADE. 600 Bush st.
.YOUNG man. German, wants work of any
kind. Address , box 1 2S26, Call office.
WANTED— By a married man, a position as
foreman on ranch; can give flrst-clasa refer-
ences.. . Call or address 1823 Oak at .
BOY wants to learn a trade. 347 Hickory ave.
MAN wants work as porter. G. S., 600 Dupont
street
HAT clerk wants Job. 20 Ellis at.
EXPERIENCED bedmaker deslrea position. C58
Stevenson st.
SALESMAN and collector wishes position In
any business. Box 283S. Call offlce.
BARTENDER wants a position. Box 2857,
Call offlce.
WAITER wants position. Box 2856, Call of-
flee.
YOUNG man, 23 years, single, good habits and
referencea. wants offlce position; quick and
accurate at figures; etate salary. HENRY
T. FRIEDMAN, 75 Liberty st:. Chicago. 111.
WANTED — Position as cash boy. Address box
2SU7. Call offlce.
A CAPABLE young man of 18 wishea a posl-
, tion evenings; well recommended. Box 2919,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position in the country.
216 Tehama st.
PAINTING, paper hanging and tinting by a
flrst-class mechanic; tools furnished. 86
Mary st ~
RELIABLE man, familiar with machinery,
autos. desires position outside San Francisco.
M.K., 536 Natoma at
CABHBOY wants work in butcher ahop for
Saturday. 1007% Folsom at ;
A BOY would like to leam a trade aa a
plumber. Box. 2018. Call offlce.
BOY wants to learn a trade as a tailor. Box
2907. Call office. .
COLLECTOR wants position of any kind; can
furnish bond. Address box 2908, Call offlce.
CARPENTER wants work in the city. 22
First st. " - .
WORK by carpenter; city or country. 31
Fifth s t
AN experienced bookkeeper and stenographer
wants position at once; reference. Box
2851. Call.
WANTED— Position as driver. Box 2852, Call
offlce.
WAITER wants steady Job. Addreas box 2853,
Call offlce. ,
WORK wanted as flrst-claes shoemaker in re-
pair shop or factory. Apply 163 Perry at
YOUNG man would like work. Apply 2475
Harrison st. .
A YOUNG German wishes any kind of situa-
tion ; steady 'and industrious ; best of refer-
ences. Box 2875.. Call.
A YOUNG, quick waiter. 23, wanta situation
-In bakery or restaurant; steady man; best
references. SCHUMANN. 624% Washing-
ton st. .
FIRST-CLASS toolmaker wants position. Box
•2878. Call.
GENERAL machinist wanta * position Box
2880. Call.
SITUATION , aa pressman. Box 2883. Call
■'..offlce./ ," :■■■. ■ -,y ,-■:''-■..■ ■.:
WANTED— Job aa porter. 190 , Stevenson at.
WANTED— A position as barkeeper for Sun-
day. M. WEIMAR. 771 Howard, et
BUTLER wants ; Job./< 623 California at.
WANTED— Position aa 5 bookkeeper. Addresa
J.C., box 2890, Call office.
POSITION as Job carpenter. 1 CLARK; 671 Har-
■ rison st. '.
WANTED— Position as tin roofer. Box 2016,
Call'offlce.- -
WANTED— Position as barkeeper. CHARLES
BROWN. ' 20; Grant ave. ■ •
MAN . wishes a position as night watchman.
Box 2001, Call office. _ ;
MIDDLE-AGED,; man, good local references,
wishes : position few. hours daily' or all day;
please state particulars. Box - 2024, . CalL
EMPIiOTlgENT WAKTEP — Male— Con. [
A FIRST-CLASS plumber, non-union, uteady, [
wishes work, city or country. Box 20C0, Call.
FLORIST wanta position. 1S5 Stevenson st;
SHOE salesman wants position. Box 2SS7,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind.. Ad-
dress 319 Church st.
BY trained male nurse and masseur as attend-
ant to Invalid, chronic or mental patient;
strictly competent and reliable; references.
Box 2930. Call offlce. .
A BOY 16 years old wants to drive wagen.
321 Bryant at.
COMPETENT and reliable attendant, giving
massage, deslrea -permanent position with
invalid or mental patient; referencea. Box
2022. Call office.
YOUNG man would like position aa traveling
salesman for San Francisco house; well ex-
perienced In hardware line: Al local ref er-
ences. Box ■ / 2925. Call offlce. .
A MAN wishes a position as a night watch-
man. ' Address 1517 Dupont at
MAN with references wlahes position of any
kind; handy around farm; willing to work;
referencea. Box 2027. Call offlce.
YOUNG man of .good habits and graduate of
university wanta aituation aa bookkeeper in
dry gooda house. Box 2028. Call offlce.
STRONG man wants situation in hotel, city
or country; good references If desired. Box
2029. Call office. '
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper or entry
clerk. Box 1603. Call offlce.
A TEAMSTER wants a place to drive furniture
wagon; knows city well. 894 Geary et
YOUNG bartender wishes position, city or
country. Address box 2011, Call offloe.
BOSS barbers — A steady man wants Wednes-
day. Saturday and Sunday place. Box 2910,
Call offlca. _ »
GOOD bookkeeper wanta position; references.
Box 2006, Call office.
POSITION >a waiter. 228 Oct*Tl* at.
A BOY wanta to drive team. Call at 672ft
Natoma at, between Seventh and Eighth.
BRICKLAYER wanta Job; competent man.
Box 2030. Call offlca.
BOY of 14 years wanta Job. 812 Webster at
A MAN of invincible Integrity and abaolute
honesty would like employment aa a collector
or in lome. similar capacity. Addresa Fi-
delity. 069 Hayes st. San Francisco, care
of Kamp Lelbra Genius, box 2869. Call.
A SOBER, steady man wanta coachman's po-
altlon; can milk; reference. Box 2949, Call.
A YOUNG, aober, steady . man wants position
at private place: good driver; can milk; beat
of reference. .Box 2950. Call.
COMPETENT bookkeeper will aoon b« open
for engagement: at present engaged; best of
reasons for changing; character can bear
strict Investigation. Box 2S66, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as collector; references.
Box 2851. Call offlca.
WANTED — Position as errand boy in atore:
. referencea. Box 2S67. .Call.
TRAVELING salesman wants position: 3
years' experience on coast. Box 2S71, CalL
HONEST boy wishes position In Jewelry store.
Address box 2054. Call offlca. _^
EDUCATED boy. aged 19. and willing to work,
wishes position evenings in some store dur-
ing the holiday season. Addreaa box 2950,
Call offlce. .
STEADY young man wishes to run errands
from 7 to 10 a. m. and between 9:30 and 11
p. ra.: best of referencea. Addreaa box 2832,
Call office.
WANTED— Position aa bellboy; living at home.
Box 2835. Call offlce.
WANTED— A position as barkeeper. Box 2833,
Call offlce.
SALOON porter wishes situation. S. K., 630
Howard st.
TOUNG man desires position in Jewelry stor*.
444 Taylor st. ~. ;:' ; ;
CLOTHES pressed. 883 Halght at
MAN with experience wanta position aa trav-
eling salesman. Box 2330. Call offlce.
BOY would ilk* to learn a trade. 1118 Elm
avenue.
MARRIED man wants work of any kind. F.
WICK. COO Dupont at.
MIDDLE-'AGED man wanta permanent situa-
tion on ranch; jrood worker. J. STEWART,
20 West Mission at
COMPETENT and experienced bookkeeper
want? a position, city or country; beat of ref-
erencea. Box 2843, Call offlce.
WILSON & CO., roofers, want work. 42-44
Natttna st
BOY would like a position aa errand boy; beat
of referencea. Box 2941, Call offlce.
MAN and wlfo want work in country; wife
good . cook and housekeeper; man general
farmer and Al vineyard man ; can take full
charge: references. Box 2932. Call office.
YOUNG man wanta work on farm. Box 2033,
Call office. .. ■ |
YOUNG man would like to carry morning
paper route; 4 years' experience; good work-
er. S. BLUME. 22 Steiner at.
MARRIED man desires a position as collector
ter clerk. Box 2940. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wanta position aa hat salesman.
Box 2060. Call offlce. .^
SITUATION wanted as clerk; best of refer-
ences. Box 2'J*>7, Call office.
WANTED — A position as bartender. Address
box 20S4, Call olflce. I
YOUNG man wants work of any kind from
10 to 4 p. ra. Box 2847. Call.
WANT a position as night clerk. Box 2S4S,
Call offlce. . j
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife want work in
the country; best of referencea. Box 2815,
Call offlce.
A BOY. 14 years old. wishes a steady Jok.
8136 Pierce at . f
POSITION as gardener wanted; best recom-
mendation. 913 Howard at ,
GOOD cook wishes situation. Apply 166 First
street." '__"
A MAN and wife, both first-class French!
cooks, desires aituation In family, club or
hotel; city or country; references. CHAB.
S.. 11 Hopeton terrace.
ELECTRICIAN wishes a position; best of ref-
erencea. Box 2844. Call. <'
YOUNG man wishes position as rubber- In for
gratner. C. BURROVys. 117 Germanla ave.
A GOOD sober young man who understands
the care of horses. • 212 Hyde st .
SITUATION wanted by young man as porter,
wholesale house. Addreas 237 Minna st
A YOUNG German boy would like a steady
position. Address 163 Fourth at.
WANTED — A Job aa Janitor. Boat 2840. Call
■ office. !
WANTED— A Job aa porter. Box 2839, Call
offlce. '
YOUNG man having horse .and , buggy would
Ilka a position as collector for three days of
the week;" best of references. Box 2S37.
Call Office.;
WANTED— Set of books to keep evenings. Box \
2872. Call.- ' j
AN elderly man wishes situation as Janitor.
L. NATHAN. 329 Laguna at.
WANTED — A position aa foreman of vineyard j
or superintendent winery. Address box 2373.
Call office./ • .. /..,'■
A YOUNG man (language student) who under-
stands both single entry ■ and double entry
bookkeeping and ia a good, plain writer, de-
sires evening work. 3 or 4 hours dally, for. a.
period of 0 months at a pay of not less
than $30 per. month. Address box 2907, Call.
SITUATION wanted as porter In furniture
hou«c" Box 2098. Call olflce. __
W \NTED— A " position as bookkeeper. Box
29S3. Call olflce.
PIANO tuner wants position. Box 1208, Call
office.';'. . ■ " ' / . "■*'.." ..
FIRST-CLASS cook for- boarding-house. Ger-
man, wishes situation; city or country.
Phone, Main 1304. ., N
POSITION as" night watchman or Janitor; is a >
good engineer. : Box 2080, Call offlce. i
HAT ; ralesman wants position. C. B.. . 851 '
yeary.st. '■ : ■ '. - ' ■■.-:,.--'■ I
RELIABLE young man would like a position as i
■ clerk in grocery; • flrst-class references. Box '
2960. Call offlce. ; v ;
WANTED-f Work for boy. 226 Shipley st.
FIRST-CLASS 'experienced bartender .wishes a i
place, city or • country: four years In «ast
Dlace. • Box 2078. Call office I
_ antpi 'O'*Ttf-'Eirr WAirrEz? — aiaio— con. |
FIRST-CLASS bookkeeper desires position; has I
had exDerience in life insuranca business.
Box 2076. -Call. • »
POSITION as waiter. 227 Octavla at
WANTED — A position as porter. Box 2137,
Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man would Ilka a place wher«
he can work 4 or 5 hours dally. J. T.. 16
Jensen st. '
LUNCH cook for lunch counter wants position.
F. BEKER. 76 Natoma st.
WOULD like position as office boy: 16 years.
RAY MURLEY. 132A Valencia st
WANTED — Position as sausagemaker; best of
references. 4 CO Ninth st.
YOUNG man, aome experience- cooking, baking,
general work, wants work for his board and
lodging. Box 2404. Call.
BOY wants work after school. Box 2315. Call
offlc*.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wishes situation in hotel
or restaurant. A. J. PETERSEN, 621 Minna, j
BOY wants work after school hours. Box 2990,
Call offlca. '
EXPERIENCED man deslrea situation aa valet I
or butler; good correspondent; speaks Ger- j
man: references. Box 28S3. Call. I
WANTED— Position - aa ' cashier. Box 23S7.
Call offlce. ,
WANTED— Job aa bartender. Box 2033, Call
olflce.
MIDDLE-AGED ' man wanta painting, atage
work; can run a Job. Address Painter, 711
Grafton avc
EXPERIENCED clothing salesman wants po-
sition. Box 2SS3, Call.
YOUNG man wants a position during holidays.
Box 150. Call.
EXPERIENCED ship Joiner requires position.
Call at 253 Fall at.
WANTED — Positlcn as errand boy. Address
710 Oak st
POSITION aa offlc* boy. Addreaa 701 Fell
street.
WANTED — Position aa cash boy. Addreas 716
Fell at
MAN wants work at gardening. 2S30 Mission
street.
YOUNG man would Ilka to drive team In city.
Box 2306. Call.
WANTED — Position aa errand boy. 511 Na-
toma at.'
WANTED — Copying or email set of books to
post up evenings. Box 2393, Call.
YOUNG man desires a position as porter in
wholesale house. Box 2399, Call.
BOY of 16 wants to work in a machine shop.
Box 2451. Call.
LADIES' cloak cutter would like position in »
large establishment; Just from New York, j
Apply 360 Sutter at.
WANTED— Position as cigar clerk. Box 2355.
Call office.
A SITUATION as a shoemaker. JACK BLOCK,
411 Greenwich st
FIRST-CLASS pastry cook confectioner, Ger-
man, wishea position In country hotel. Box
2432, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man wants position aa atock clerk*.
2620 Mission st
A BOY, 13 years, wants to work In store at
night during the holidays. 631 York st
WANTS a Job as porter. The Perry, 810
Powall at. .
WANTED — Position as porter. Address F.
MILLER, 1351 Howard at.
KNIFE cutter wishea a position cutting shirts,
pants and overalls. Box 23=4, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as clerk In store. Box
2340, Call office.
A YOUNG man desires a position as clerk or
assistant In wholesale house. Address 2243
Folsom at.
STEADY positUm; Al barber. Box — v». Call
offlce.
SITUATION by competent cook In private fam-
ily. Address MARTIN, box 1713. CalL ;
WANTED — Place as porter or general work of i
any kind. C. E. BROADUS. 1605% Fifth at,
Oakland. •'
WANTED— Position aa porter. 233 Third at
YOUNG man wishes Job as cook in email res- j
taurant Tel. Red 251.
A BOY wishes a position to learn a trade. Box
2S22. Call offlce.
COPYIST to work afternoons -t>r evenings. 1404
/ Market st, room 23.
YOUNG man wishes Job as bookbinder. Tel.
2561 Sutter.
STENOGRAPHER — Competent. eexperienced,
reliable, excellent references; thorough knowl-
edge of general offlce work and bookkeeping.
LEDERER. 223 Pierce at
BOY wants position In wholesale house. Box
2352. Call offlce.
HATMAKER. Just arrived from the East
wants position. Box 2351. CalL
YOUNG man wishes position as collector. 117
. Jones at >•■
JAPANESE wants any kind of work In family,
atore or office; room out. 1253 California st.
BUTLER and valet wishes position. Box 2415,
Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as barber; flrst-clasa ref-
erences. Address T. A. G., 227 Third st.
POSITION wanted as elevator operator; At
references. J. F. LORAIN, 703 Howard st
PAINTER, paperTianger and tlnter, with tools,
wants work. Box 2434. Call.
WANTED — A Job as carpenter's helper; good
references. Pbone Red 154<J.
GOOD uroof reader wants work. 704 Mission
street. .
SITUATION as Janitor by a capable party.
Address box 2141. Call office.
POSITION as laundry driver. CLARK. 671
Harrison st.
CARPENTER wants work. Address 1013 Clay
street. ,
WANTED — A position aa baker's helper. Box
2431. Call offlce.
DISHWASHER desires position. 653 Stevenson
~ "Street
CARPENTER (non-union 1 ), can plan building,
wants work.' Box 2356. Call office. ;
BOY wants to drive wagon. Box 2T.53, Call of-
flce. -"
A BOY wants to drive. wagon! Box 2333, Call
office.
POSITION as stenographer. 83 Eighth at.
POSITION aa bookkeeper. 30 Eighth st.
WANTED— Position as cock. Address 65 Te-
harr.a st (
A CLERK and bookkeeper, speaks German, !
French, Italian, some English, wants light i
work. H. R.. 3 New Montgomery st.
WAITER — First-class I lunch waiter wants :
work. Box 2423, Call offlce. i
WANTED — Position as first-claas bartender. !
HENRY G. MEYER. 237 Minna st. room I
21. S. F.. CaK , J
WANTED — Position as porter in wholesale
chouse. 237 Minna at
COOK— First-class French chef, good cook and I
' pastry cook, -wants situation; city or coun- j
try; best references. Address box 2144, Call. I
— . . — . .. - . |
WANTED— Position as clerk. Box 2401. Call.
WANTED — Position as collector. Box 216S,
. Call offles^
EDUCATED German wants position as cashier
in any business; understands ■ tending- bar
and wholesale business. Address bok il42,
; Call " offlce. . . ■ ■ '."jr j
SITUATION as lanitor in wholesale hous». Eox t
2390. Cnll offlce. . ' j
A YOUNG mrtn wants situation in stationery'
.store; 3 year£* experience. Box 2433, Call.
COOK wants Hob. ".. second cr third camp or
" steamboat. Address box 2411. Call offlce.
A GOOD furniture handler, wants, v/ork at,
packing. Address box 2417, Call offlce. ;
A "GOOD teamster wishes work; 2 or -i horses. I
■Eox 2430, Call office. .
UPHOLSTERER and all round man in hotel or
" rooming-house. Address H. W., 32:> Minna, j
JOB as waiter in "non-union"' restaurant. Box
2202. Call office.
YOUNG., man, experienced whisky salesman;
good references: salary cr commission. Box
23S2. Call office.
EaraxOYaCTir? WASTIP — Mala — Con.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position. Box 2391.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted as porter in fumltur*
house. Box 23y4, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position to work nights.
400 Pine st.
WAXTED^ — Situation as stationary engineer.
2C3 Third St.. room 23.
COOPER wishes position in wholesale hous«Z
222H Rltch at
WOULD like a job aa candy maker* a helper:
coed references. Phcne Larkin 4506.
WANTED— Position as barber. 3374 Eight-
eenth at.
POSITION wanted as engraver. Box 2373,
Call office.
POSITION wanted as bartender. Address W.
B.. 71 Third st.
WANTED — Position as porter. 73 Third st
WANTED— Position as blacksmith. 431 Third.
POSITION wanted as bartender; good refer-
ence. Apply 232 Third st
POSITION wanted as night watchman; good
reference. Apply at 232 Third st.
GOOD short-order cook wishes position. W.
GAFFNET, 710 Kearny gt.
A YOUNG boy wishes a position aa errand
boy. Inquire 1632 Folsom st
WANTED— Position aa night watchman. 323
Ellis st.
WANTED — A situation In a wholesale house
by a youce man. Box 2004, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants Job as carpenter* a
laborer. Box 2002. Call.
BUTCHER wanta position. Box 2072. Call.
WANTED — To travel with a nice gentleman aa
companion; wages no object. Address K.
L. C. 458 Geary st
YOUNG man wlshea position aa milker and
run separator; beat of references furnished.
1310 Buchanan st
POSITION wanted by young man as store-
keeper. M. O.. 1010 Mission St.. city.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
2'JtO, Call office.
WANTED — A position as rough carpenter. Ad-
dresa Carpenter. 1223 Market at.
WANTED — Job as blackamlth's helper. Phono
Church 6413.
MIDDLE-AGED watchman desires position.
764A Harrison at.
BARKEEPER wants work. 211 Stevensoa
street
BARBER wants work. 219 Stevenson st
WANTED — By a young man, light work. 40O
Preclta ave.
RELIABLE man wants wcrk aa stableman or
teamster; city or country: references. Box
2423. Call office.
GOOD barber wants position. 141 Ellis at
EXPERIENCED bartender would like position;
good references, box 2421. Call office.
A CARPENTER, first-class, wants wcrk re-
pairing of any kind. Address Carpenter, box
2431. Cail office.
COAT cutter from East wanta position in Job
houae. Box 2383. Call office.
DRIVER milk, bakery or delivery wtgon;
know city well: best of references; married.
Box 296S. Call office.
WANTED— rPositlon aa errand boy. 141 Thir-
teenth at
OFFICE work by middle-aged attorney: 20
years* practice;. law, insurance or real es-
tate; satisfactory references. Box 1565, Call
office, Oakland.
EDUCATED business man desires employment
aa solicitor or collector; would Invest some
capital in business If satisfactory. Box 1560.
Call office. Oakland.
WELL educated, middle-aged man and wtf*
apendln? winter in California deslr* employ-
ment; care of house and grounds, nurse and
companion, or entire charge of household.
Box 1567. Call, offlca. Oakland.
WANT position, as gardener: practical in all
branches; first-class landscaper; references.
10C3 Webster st. Oakland.
ENGINEER (noti-union) wants position; good
references. Address box 15*0. Call office.
Oakland.
A FIRST-CLASS_retan candy-maker wishes
position, city or country. Box 1363. Call of-
fice. Oakland.
JAPANESE schoolboy wanta a position in Osic.
land or Berkeley. NAGA. box 1374. Call.
A YOUNG man wishes a Job to drtva ■•"deliv-
ery wagon. Box 2445. Call office.
POSITION wanted as waiter. S01 Kearny st
BAP.TENDER wants position In city or coun-
try. Box 2307, Call office.
PORTER wants position In saloon. Box 2307.
Call offlc*.
PAINTER, paper hanger, aign writer wanta
work: too! 3 furnished. 1272 Folsom at;
phona Mint 131. ♦ *
SITUATION In grocery or general merchan-
dise; speaka French and English; references.
Room 4, 522 Polk at
WANTED — Position aa collector. Box 2363,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted, cooking, general house-
work; wages $23. Box 2964, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS chef wishes position in restaur-
ant or cafe. Box 20G7. Call. office. *
GARDENER wishes situation; competent la
all branches; greenhouses, orchard, vegeta-
bles and landscape gardening; references.
Box 2308. Call office.
POSITION wanted by. strong young man; la a
willinsr worker; has best of references aa
to character, .etc. Box 2893, Call of fleet
EXPERIENCED tinsmith helper would Ilka
steady position. Box 1506. Call.
WANTED — Position as night watchman;
steady, sober man; bonds furnished. Box
2TUJ1. Call office.
YOUNG man. aged 17. stronsr and willing,
* would accept any kind of employment; faith-
ful worker. Box 2303, Call.
SITUATION by experienced hardware aales.
man. Box 2AC6. Call.
WANTED — A Job as porter: best of references.
Box 21SS. Cail.
"WANTED — A Job as Janitor; best of refer*
ences. Box 2 ISO, Call.
PAINTER and paperhanger; has tools: work
1 guaranteed. Address Painter, 1620 Eddy st;
phonq West 23S3.
MECHANICAL engineer, capable of taking Tall
charpre any kind of manufg. concern; built
. the first linotype maehlna In ths Unit*i
States. For an. Interview adiress box 2331.
Cell office. . m
MARRIED man. with a child 2& years old.
would like steady work where wife would
have llzht work. Box 2333. CalL
WAITER wants a position. Box 2333. Call of-
fice^ _
WANTED — Po.«ltlqn as bartender: best of ref-
erences. 80 Third at.
WANTED — By a reliable and Industrious
young roan who Is attending college in th*
city, an opportunity ta earn his beard and
lodging working mornings, evenings and Sat-
urdays. ERNE3T. box 2327. Call office.
A MAN wishes position around gentleman's
place care of horses and garden. Address
J. H.. 23S& Tehama st. <
SITUATION wanted as shipping clerk. Ad-
dress 733 Union st.
WAITER wants position. Box 23C6, Call of-
fice. *.
BELLBOY wishes position In some good hotel:
can give the best of references and bond if
necessary. Address box 2303. Call office.
COOK wish*?* a iilac« In hotel or restaurant
Phcne Hyde 3401.
ALL round Job carpenter wants work. 323
Se.enth St.: phonw Howard. 3490.
DRUGGIST. Eastern "youas man. wants posi-
tion, city or. country: best of references:
wages moderate to begin; will register here.
Box 233V Call office.
MARBIKD man hamly with tools, wants work
of any kin.l. Box 2T523. Call office.
EY strong bey. . ajte 17 knows city, to drive
retail delivery. Hex 2.'ljT, Call office.
WANTED — A v o 3'tl° n aa shipping clerk; refer-
ences. Box 2ttM. Call office.
A BOY wants to learn plumbing trade. D.
LAWSON. ~1 Bryant st.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Forty-Six.
4546
r_trXOT-~-~rT W'A-rTEP— Male r:: Con JL
A BRIGHT young nun of 17 rears wishes to
work In wholesale house where advancement
could be had; best of references. Address
bcx 2449. Call office. _______
WANTED— Position as first butcher in f.rsl-
cla«s hotel. Box 2330. Call. ■-
E'JTLE It. good valet, best references. wi_h5*
ettu-tion. ANDItE'S. phone Main 1->O4.
WANTED— Position as errand boy. 13OT Polk
Hreet.
WANT position as camp waiter. W. BAR-
TINE. 744 Howard ct.
W ANTED — A position keeping eet of books at
home. Box _3tP. Call.
WANTED— A position as shipping clerk. Box
_3S4. Call office.
A YOUNG man, 27, good horseman and driver;
city or country; references. Box 23S7. Call.
WANTED — Situation as meat cutter. Box
_L%0. Call office.
POSITION as tinsmith. Dcx 23S3, Call.
ELDERLY real chorer wants employment, es-
pecially carpentering; tools and recom-
mendations on hand. Address Reliable, 222
Moutgo— :erj- ave.
SITUATION wcr.tcd p.b man around place;
good gardener; can handle horses and handy
with tools. H. B.. C13 Montgomery et.
A RELIABLE and sober man wishes position
as Janitor or pomr. or work of any kind;
references. Address box 2S&3 Call.
— REKC1I, fl— rt-class barber; do not speok
EnrliEh'; would accept ptnnll place in city or
country. Address bcx 2009 Call.
A GOOD w.ber young man who understands
the care of horses and horse clipping wishes
a position. Call C73 Minna tt.
WANTED t situation in a wholesale house
by a youn: man. Box 31" 4 Call.
TWO *nb«r young rr .en wish work oT any kind.
Hox 2021. Call.
BTT'I>ENT. experienced porter and all-around
servant, wishes work lot board. Ucx 1138.
Call office. /
TOUNO man. S~. with 3 years' experience In
the bardw mre business, wishes position fiitlns
cr_er» vt ffllins jtooJi: efty or country: best
of references. AJirc&s Hardware, box 11S3.
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Ge»-msn wants position; un-
demand* K_rden:ng, pruning, etc.: handy
with c-rpenicr tools and horses. Box 11S5.
Call efflre.
YOl'Nu tr.ar.. well recctr tmerdrd. wishes po-
sition !n prlvnte family; S years last place.
Jlox 1123. Call orflce.
FTRPT-CLASS cook (colored) wishes petition
In a private family or boardine-hcuse: city
or countrv; good references. 1202 Powell *t.
WORK dene up m flrst-clsss style, tiling for
ncantets. s!nks, floors, walls and vestibules.
JV-x 11 IS. Call.
HOTE-L r_n, experienced, popular, wants po-
Kitkn tf manager of hotel or apartrr lent-
hcu»e. Box 11SS. Call.
GRADUATE civil engineer wants position with
railroad or mining company. Box 1160. Call.
OIL fireman wishes a position; best of refer-
ence. Address J. C. room 3. 114 Fourth st.
CAHPENTEH wants work by the Job; city or
country towns. Box 1146. Call.
JAPANEFE your.g. honest boy wants position
_« Kfhriol boy. good family, -in city. M. I.,
6u7 I.srkin St.; telephone Larkin 14M.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as sehool-
hr»y cr housework. Willie Kushlno. phone
Page 2103. 442 Devisadero st.
GOOD Jspsnece green boy . wants position,
hounemork or cook's help. TOYAMADA. 35S
JecFte Ft.
JAPANESE young man desire* a position In
family for reneral work: understands cook-
1r.g. AddreM box 1136. Call office.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy, fl week or help any family work. F.
NALA. 130314 Castro st.
A JAPANESE laundryman wants work: city
or country: wage? M> week up. Address S.
SAITO. r.22 Pine rt.. S. F.. Cal.
AN henert. strong Japanese boy wants a posi-
tion a» honsewerker in good family. S. ABE,
J. G. S.. 723 Geary st.
BEST Japanese cook wants situation; wages
J_5. K. Tooya. 516 Dupont St.. S. F.
ECZEMA CD-tE.
1100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
. or barber Itch that I csn't cure: a trial treat-
ment free DR. BROWN.»S>4 Sixth st.'
EXC-tABTGB.
FOR exchange for real estate, one automobile
(runabout) rood condition. Address box
2447. rail office.
WATSTQ tET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this depsrtment; tt will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-58 Geary
*_. on the -quare.
__==
WALLER. 1378. near Ashbury— Flat 4 rocms
and bath: new, sunny and strictly modern;
rent 127 50.
1642 Waller st., near Cole — A sunny upper
flat of C rooms and bath, etc.: modern in
every particular: key KU4: rent $32 50.'
WILLIAM CRANSTON CO.,
114 Montgomeo' st.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
sirable vacant place in San Francisco oa
cur lists: service absolutely free; let us fled
you a place; come in and let u« know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; '-we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market tt.. cpp. McAllister.
XEW. elegant 7-room bay-window flat: latest
Improvements: sun in every room: grand
marine view; must be seen to be appreciated;
t«rk panhandle. J. STRAUB. C30 Market
slreet.
OAK *t.. 644. near Flllmore — Elegant upper
flat. 7 rooms end bath; sun and light all
day: rent $33; owner en the premises from
1G to 1- s. nr 1. and bet. 2 and 4 p. m.
?27 50— NEW, Bunny, modern, upper flat. 6
room* and bath; large separate yard: flno
marine view; near .1 lines of cars. 2S1 Tenth
*ve., Richmond District.
ELEGANT, new upper flat. S rooms with attic
beam«d celltnc. paneled dining-rocm; rent
low. ions McAllister st.
MODERN upner flat. 5 rooms r.nd bath- nfwly
tinted: T.S2S Twenty -fourth st. ; cheap rent
See O'CONNOR BROS.. 132 Oth. or 242 Cth!
NOE. 1032. corner Elizabeth— Sunny corner up-
lirr flat: new; (i rooms and bath; modern im-
provements; convenient to _4th-Castro cars.
GOLDEN GATE. 1111. nr. Buchanan— D»slr-
nblfc upper flat. 7 rocms and bath; rent rea-
son&ble.
TURK. 113.-.. comer Buchanan— New sunny
fist, 7 roo— is and bath; latest improvemc-u-
recsonable to good tenant. '
MIDDLE flat of three large beautiful sunny
rooms: bath, gas: gas range; laundry; warm
belt; rent J15. 50a C_fP st.
VAN NESS. 2:_7-29. nr. Unicn-2 new modem
upper flats. S rocinr. and both each- marine
view; rents reasonable.
6 nOOMR. bath and laundry- fumi«hed or un-
furnished; wcrrj belt. 1232 Valencia et 1
to 6 p. m.
TWENTIETH and Eureka— .1 modern f..it« 4
and 5 rooms; rer.t $12. ?17. $_0 Ca 1 and
see them.
EIGHTH svc. 74S — fl rocrr-s; top fist; owl c_r
ten rice; Mukuw entrance. Illch— iond; $2u.
ELEGANT r.il_dlc 7-roc-j and bath flat- sun
-very rccm; large garden. 1357 McAllister.
EXQO-JbT now flat. « Jarre sunny rooms Tnd
Lain. 17"7 i'ace St., near Golden Gate Park.
n.AT. 5 rooms and Lath; $21 50. 49 Sanchcx
«t.. bet. Thirteenth And Fourteenth.
rtN'E sunny flat, 7 roomr. bath"! 2 attic
rooms and basj— tent. 1423 Green st.
FLAT, eouthwert cor. of Buchanan and~F_l-
ton «ts.: 7 rooir .t: modern; rent $35.
FLAT r>f 7 sunny room*, hath. ."1J5 Twentieth
st., Urt. Car: 1 and Howard.
FLAT. CSS Oak st., 5 rocms and bath; station-
ary wash tray*; larre basement.
FRANKLIN. 2350. bet. Broaiwey and Val-
lojo— New upper flat; marine view; rent mod.
W>T*Il large sunny rooms: laundry: yard; $10.
7S El;1n Park, near Valencia st. '
HATES. 1747. nr. park entrance — Sunny mod-
ern flats, 4-3 rm... bath; rent $10 to $22 50.
Jl RT finlffced. elecant lowrr nnd middle sunny
fiats. M0 r.nd $45. lC8t Ellis st.
LAitGKFT list of houses nn«l flats to let. Call
_«r. LYON & IIOAO. 110 Montgomery st.'
LEAVENWORTH. TolfTiT— FUt Of 4. Tooms;
y-.rd and gas; rent $12.
LOWER (Ut. 6 rooms and bath: rent reason-
able. 824 Fell st.. near Laguna.
ri-VTS TO MT— Continued.
MARY. 20, near Fifth — Two flats; rent cheap
to good tenants.
MODERN upper flat. 200 Fourteenth si., nr.
Mlsj-lon; 5 rooms und bath; rent $25.
NATOMA. C14>i-<U<5. ~m\ 7th— 2 desirable
lower flatF, 4 rooms and bath; rent $12.
NEARLY new upper flat. 4 rooms and bath.
23G Tehama ct.
IPAGE, 1C21 — Modern upper flat, 7 rooms and
bath; JSu.
SUNNY corner flat. 6 ro3~ ;s; yard. 2C51 Fif-
teenth st., near Market. r_"r
TURK. cor. Brodcrick — Lower flat. 5 large
rooms and bath; sun and light all round.
j TWENTY-FIFTH. 4150. nr. Castro— New mod-
. «rn upper Hat; C rooms and bath; $22.
I VERY sunny 4-room middle flat: rent $14.
.12S4 Sacrcmcnto St., near Central ave.
UPPER flat of 7 rooms; rent $18. 1108 Fol-
eom st. .
7-ROOM flat; newly painted; electric light and
gas; reasonable. 2165 Sacramento Et.
?25— NEW »unny flat. 0 rooms and bath.
Northwest corner Noe and 24th sts.
\ PLATS TO LET — -"J-tMlBK-iP.
WILL rent my furnished flat for winter. Par- !
tlculars office JULIEN SMITH, 420 Mont- j
gomcry st. |
CLAYTON. Oil — Furnished lower flat: 0 rooms,
hath: adults. Call Funday or Monday.
PtATSPOBSALE— rU-t-TZSIIED.
j A— MODERN sunny upper flat, 7 Urge rooms;
1 completely fur. Hi weeks ago. 017 Jone* st.
I $200 — A PNAP downtown; 5-room flat: $18 j
ever rent. Address bcx 28S5. Call office. |
I FLAT of 6 hs'k'g rms.. nr. Jefferson eq.; rent
, ?2T.; J2O over rent; SI 75. Call 10O4 Larkln.
NEWLY furnished funny 4-room flat: must .
sell nt once. 1029 Sanchez St.. near 24th.
I FURNITURE fi-ronm- flat; all new; flat for |
i rent. 740 Seventh ave., near Fulton st. ■
: 0 SUNNY rooms; well furnished; good tran- I
1 Fient trade; $30 over rent: $350. lOS-% Turk. 1
j NEWLY furnished C-room flat for sale cheap; 1
downtown. Box 240O. Call office. j
! FOR sale chear — 5-roim flat; 2 room* rented;
rrnt $14. v 219'.^ Tehama Ft.
' SANCHEZ. 1211 — Furnished 4-room. sunny up-
per flat; going East: must tell: low rent.
rLATS WANTED.
i WANTED — Twelve or fourteen room modern
flat. Address ZiZS Eighteenth st.
i WANTED — Modern 4-room flat; rent $15. Box
2437. Call office.
I ~— — —— —-—-——■ -—»—————*
> FLATS WANTED— FURNISHED.
j WANTED— A fiat of about 7 rooms; complete-
1 ly furnished for winter months or longer;
I adults: references. Box 2876. Call.
j FURNISHED flat of 4 rooms; state rent. Ad-
drees box 2947, Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ABE LEV1% Lv
Salesroom. I13b Market st. Tel. Jess!* 7S1.
Don't tell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
1 nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
I WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealer* or will sell on commission. L, H.
j BURP, sue. 1636 Market: phone Jessie 2"3«.
j CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mellon st.. be-
for* selling your furnltur*. Phone RM 44A2.
: gU-Hrt-TTBE rOB SAXE.
; FURNISHED C-room flat; ideal house for lov-
er« of sunshine and cleanliness; price $125,
rent $25. Call 3542 Seventeenth st.. between
Guerrero and Dolores.
' ALMOST given away: storage pianos and fur-
niture; dirt cheap to pay storage. WHITE-
i HEAD'S Storage; open evenings. 1036 Mar-
j ket _t.
j HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
• nlture. carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush S13
) XTNANCIAX.
: THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid lr. $4,600.000 00
-urplus 940,901 80
Six per 'cent ,V ;..
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office— No. 14 ; Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
I COMPANIES formed; mining or patents; stock
•■old: strong Eastern connections: advice free.
W rite A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg.
STOCK companies Incorporated; lowest rates,
i Corporation Trust. 613 Mills building.
I ' ' '■
j
GIRL for housework. 4 in family, no washing,
for Oakland. *30; cook, plain, wash. 3 In
family, Stanislaus, see lady in city, $30:
second cook. ?1O week, small cafe; second
girl. Frultvale, >25; housework, 3 in family,
Sausalito. &J0; San Rafael. $23: Mare. Island.
$30; typewriter for lawyer's office, country;
nurse. $20: second girl. $20: head waitress,
1 hotel, city. *30: 3 waitresses, no Sunday
j work, *G, ?7. ?8 week; nurse girl, child 2
years; cook and second girl, same house.
Palo Alto. $30 and $25. and 19 girls for
housework of different nationalities, to fill
Eituattcns in nice families In city at $20,
$25. 530; very nice places on Monday.
Apply to J. F. CROPETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
A. A. — GEORGE DAVIS & CO.,
Employment Agency. 130 Sansome St., r. 9.
Girls, pack candy, $6 week.
Salesladies, fancy goads department, $9 wk.
2 demonstrators. *9 week.
; 2 salesladies, underwear, etc.,- $9 week.
A COOK, small American family. $30; 4 house-
work girls ?ru> each'; nurse girl, $15- girl
light work. $20; 10 housework girls, $25 each
i . MRS NORTON. 5CS Mason st.
I A— WANTED — Girls {o learn halrdresslng.1
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z j
in 2 wks; tuition $5 to those entering now; 3 j
I positions to fill Immediately; positions guar- 1
; anteed at $10 wk. up: only recognized school
of it* kind on coast: day and eve. classes. I
233 Geary «t.. room 13. I
! WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
! spring s*_-on; both reasons taught from start
i to finish In one menth for $5; positions as
I trimmers, ralesladie*. maker*, guaranteed at
' $10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
j first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
1 A— PACIFIC College teaches ha lrd reusing,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
reccgnized college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell »t. •
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings cr spare time and return to
us. No mailing cr canvassing; $9 weekly
earned: materials, free; enclose sclf-ad-
dnseed envelope 'tor particulars. Guarantee
Co.. No. S 12. Ninth St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
: . — — — _
• ——
OPERATORS ON COTTONADE PANTS AND
FANCY SHIRTS. STANDARD FACTORY
<X)RNER GOUGII AND GROVE STS.
LADIES. $7 to $10 weekly earned doing plain
sev.lns at home; material sent free every-
where prepaid: stamped addressed envelope
bring- particulars; UNION CO., 1215 Fil-
bert -t.. Philadelphia. Pa.
' A FEW more ladles may make their Christmas
pin money arsliting with our new lines deco-
rative work: no experience or talent re-
quired: pay by the piece; about 10c for piece
i at fl— it. Call from 9 to 5. 1344 Market tt.
LADIES can «arn ?9 weekly copying short
letters home; everything sent free. Send
addressed' envelope to Working Supply Co..
San P«lro. Cal.
LADIES to do Dlccework'at home; we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stair ii*d envelope. Royal Co., 34 E. Monroe
St., Chicago.
LADY literary ability and some means, secre-
tary publishing firm. P. O. box 1314 San
Jose.
I ■ <
I LADY to travel: references; salary $21 weekly; 1
expenses advanced. J. S. ZIEGLER & CO
S23 l*:arborn St., Chicago. J
LADIES having embroideries. Battenbcrg. '
<lrawnwork to sell, also order work; stamped '
envelope. Logics' Ex'ge. 3t Monroe. Chicago.
LADIES— Earn $20 per 100 writing »hort let-
i ters; send start :p-_ envelope. BEST MFG
CO.. Valparaiso. Ind. . tu '
WANTED — By wholesales house, young lady
as Bs*!rtant bill clerk: must be neat' writer
quick and accurate at figures. Box 29C5, Call!
REFINED and ' well-educated woman of good
appearance; must be competent. Box 149''
Call of flee. . ■ .j. '
LADIES for steady home employment: *S and
S12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg., 327 Ma r-
krt rt.. rocm 01S. .
WANTED— Chocolate dipper: $10 to $12 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak-
land,' office 477 Seventh; st. ' 4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY. DECEMBER 11, 1904.
HELP WAiraSD — FEMALE — Continued.
* _____ _ ■ ■■'■•/■
20 HANDSOME BRUNETTES
to appedr as extra girls in
"THE DAKLING OF THE GODS"
during
BLANCHE HATES'
forthcoming enpasem tent at the
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Apply to M. B. KIRBY,
Grand Opera-house,
to-morrow afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.
LADIES— $30 1000 copying letters; no mailing
to friends. U. S. Advertising Co.. Dept. 102,
Chicago.
NEAT youn_ _!rl to assist with housework
and learn dressmaking; sleep home; $12. 904
irddy Et.
GIRL for housework; no cooking or washing;
sleep home; wages ?12. Call at 1810 Sut-
ter street.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' waists; good wages.
65G Mlrelon St.. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
wages. C5C Mission st.. third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' wash skirts. C5S
Mission St., third floor; good wages.
A— OPERATORS wanted to take work home;
good wages. C56 11 lesion 6t., third floor.
FIRST-CLASS operator on custom pants, who
can finish; also finishers. 411^4 Kearny st.
BRIGHT young lady to assist in office and
salesroom. Siberian Fur Co., 121 Post st.
A FINISHER wanted on custom coats; steady
work; good pay. 533 Natoma st.
NEAT, reliable girl; plain cooking; good pay
to richt party. 483 Fourteenth st-
WOMAN to do plain dressmaking exchange for
vocal, piano, mandolin lessons. 2905, Call.
A GIRL wanted to take care of baby. 40V.
Twelfth st.
STRONG, reliable woman, general housework,
cooking; assist with children; $20. 821 Fell.
WANTED— Two working girls to occupy front
room; reasonable. 305 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— First-class dressmakers. MRS. R.
J. STACY. 116 Stockton st.
CROCHETERS on ladles', misses' and Infants'
skirts. Box 2U77, Call offloe.
WANTED — A girl to "do general housework;
German preferred. 882 Halght at.
A LADY wants dressmaking by the day. 735
Filbert St.. Oakland.
A WIDOW, not under 60 years, as working
housekeeper, to a single man. Box 243S, Call.
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
LADIES— Earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
ters; send stamped envelope for particulars.
Ideal Mfg. Co.. Cewopolln, Mich.
LADIES for steady home employment: $8 and
S12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar.
ket et.. room 618.
HELP WANTED— MA-.E.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO*
Experienced checkers, meat,- $50 and meals.
Le^al office assistant, accurate at fig-
ures, $40.
Youni man for grocery store.
Stenographer with R. R. experience. $50.
Salesman, can earn $2500 in 60 days.
Buyers for good cigar stands In city.
Printer solicitor, city. $10 and commission.
Young man. collect and deliver, $17 60.
Other positions open;, call at office.
Open Sunday. 9 a. m. until 3 p. m.
51 Third St., rooms 9-10.
AA— GEORGE DAVIS & CO..
Employment Agency, 130 Sansome, room 9.
Shoe clerk, $60.
Haberdasher clerk, $75. s
Clothing salesman, K75. t
Order clerk and collector, $60. _
Millinery man. city. $150. \ 1
2 Jewelry clerks, $20 week. "3
All-around tailor, $3 day.
Pantsmaker, {3 day.
a Stenocrajpher and office assistant, $40.
Stenocr apher. $50 and found.
F. O. CLARK and wife, please call; cook and
wife. £00 and found: elevator boy, $25 and
room; shift boss for quicksilver mine, $3
day; fanner and wife. $35 and found; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/8....439 Bush st.
Flannel washer, first-class country hotel
laundry, free fare. $30 found.
Oysterman, first-class country hotel, South-
ern California. $35 found, rate fare.
Janitor who can run engine and boiler, in-
stitution, city, $30 found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
042 Commercial st.. near Kearny.
Phone Bush 833. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
SPECIAL TO-DAY— SUNDAY.
CARPENTERS— CARPENTERS.
10 carpenters. Fhlp to-night, $80 found.
Carpenters, office open 10 a. m.
WANTED — 10 men in each State to travel,
tack signs and distribute samples and circu-
lars of our goods; salary, $75 per month; $3
per . day for expenses. KUHLMAN CO.,
Dept. 1-6. Atlas block. Chicago.
ALL young men can learn the barber trade In
fi weeks at the ORIGINAL JNO. A. MO-
LER' S Barber College, 644 Clay st.: tuition.'
earned while learning; positions guaranteed;
only college in San Francisco with constant
practice and expert instructions. Call or
address C14 Clay st.
WANTED — In the office of large wholesale
houf*\ young man as assistant bookkeeper;
must be thoroughly experienced; references
required. Box 2409, Call.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters home
evenlngn; $0 60 week. Send' addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. S 12,
box 1411. Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED — Young man to prepare for railway
mall and custom-house examinations soon to
take place:, excellent opportunities. Particu-
lars, box 2939. Call.
ENERGETIC • man, with knowledge of office
work, to take interest In established busi-
ness;' prospects not equaled on coast: $500
and reference required. Box 2342. Call.
YOUNG man to manage office for.. Eastern
corporation, $75 to $100 month; references
and small capital required. Apply 302 Starr
Kinir building, 121 Geary st.
TREASURER for first-class traveling theat-
rical company; one willing to Invest some
capital; good salary; unusual opportunity.
Box 2404. Call.
1 . _4
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under first-class Instructor; only 8
weeks required at GILLETTS SCHOOL, 611
Commercial st. .
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples. ' etc. ; no. can.
vasslng; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chi-
cago.
BRIGHT boy; good arithmetician and penman;
work 11 to 7; wages $■"..* to begin. Address
in own writing, box 2S61, Call office."
SALESMAN wanted; second-hand furniture
store; experienced one only need apply. Cor.
Eleventh and Franklin sts.. Oakland. .
STRONG willing boy; general work about
candy stdVe; $6 week; apply Sunday 8 p. m.
1685 Hal_ht st.
-— 4
A RAPID typewriter for medical advertising
institution; experience necessary. Box 2401,
Call office.
A LIVE real estate agent to sell property on
Installment*. Apply at room 1005, Mutual
Bank bulldinc.
MAN or woman to take charge of large bath
and massage parlors. .HOOVER, 1881 Fill-
more st.
HANDY young /man to work In grocery" and
saloon. WM. 8TAUTZ. 721 Folsom st. " *
AN experienced mechanic and one thoroughly
understanding electricity; ref. req., 2915, Call.
CLEVER men, steady work guaranteed; ■ no
experience. Amer. Detec. Agcy.; Milwaukee.
SINGERS wanted for amateur opera club. R.
KELLOG. 1100 Franklin st.
WANTED— Modeler In clay for ■ ornamental
patterns. A. MERLE CO.. 617 Mission st.
WANTED— Experienced salesman for family
wines. Napa Winery. 760 Larkln.st. '
WANTED — A young butcher to drive wagon
and work In shop. 392 Valencia st.
GROCERY clerk wanted. 444 Van Ness ave.
JAPANESE boy for housework. S^O.Van^Ness !
avenue. . - • v, v r , j
SALESMAN for. wholesale drug house; must be !
acquainted on this coast. Box 2990. Call. v . -.•.
RETOUCHER wanted . at • once. 368 Twelfth
St., Oakland. • ■ : , . ,
SINGLE man with wagon and team for the
.road; country. Box 2422, Call ; office.
ERRAND boy and to make: himself useful In
store. ROGERSON'S. 505 Valencia st.
_ HrLP W ANTED— M A.X.T!— -Conti-tneg. ; |
A— MURRAY & READY. C34-630 CLAY ST.
Phone Main 5M8.
•Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
we gave . 19^ we nope to
» C0.0W men work In 1003. increase 60,000.
;-■• . ■ MISCELLANEOUS.
- Tinsmith, city Job, *3 to $4 day.
o gallmakers, city Job, ?3 to $4 day.
Milker and wife, Portuguese, near city;
•40 fd.
Cook and wife, mine Nayada; 20 men; $55 fd.
K farmhands, plow teabisters. • •
11 choremen and choreboys, private and
ranches.
■ , HOTEL HELP./
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, porters, bell
and elevator boys. - >
Dyer and cleaner, good Job, country.
Dairyman, , north $35 to $40 and found.
Boy for grocery store, city. ?8 week.
Marker and distributer, country laundry,
south. $15 week.
_ ' LEVERMAN.
I-everman for small steam clam shell dredg-
er, see boss here, $60 to $75 nnd found.
_. FARMER AND WIFB.
Karroer and wife, stock farm, C. C. Co.. $40
• and found.
0 pruners, vineyard, Santa Cruz Co., $40.
Harncssmaker, ranch C. C. Co., $40 and fd. [
_ FOREMAN.
Foreman for general construction work, con-
creto rock powder and grading, $100 fd; see '
boss here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay »t.
A — SHORT order cook and waiter, city res- !
taurant. $12 week- C laborers, near city, ;
$2 day. MURRAY & READY, 034-636 Clay. 1
AT HORD & SMITH'S. j
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st.
Teamiters, bay shore. $2. j
Solicitor, tea and coffee big Inducements. [
Amador County, teamsters. $2.
Man for dye works. $15 to $20, experienced. !
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 Third St.; phone Bush 405.
Supplies at a moment's notice: skilled or
unskilled workmen to contractors or others; 1
city or country. Help secured free. .
A BRIGHT bov about 17 to assist in photo- !
graphic work; experienced preferred. Call 1
photo studio, 1312 Market st.
WANTED — Assistant drug clerk; state salary; :
must come recommended. Box 2429, Call. '
. -*l
BOY wanted. 1205 Stockton st.
JAPANESE boy at 1011 Harrison st
WANTED— An errand boy for H. L. ROTBR-
MUNDTS. 403 Sacramento st.
BARBER trade taught absolutely free.
HAIGHT'S, 761 Mission st.; see him.
GOVERNMENT positions; more than 30.000 ap-
pointments last year; chances better than j
fver; wo have prepared have been !
appointed; write for free circular J-l. giving
list of positions, salaries, examinations,
sample questions, etc., to National Cor-
respondence Institute, Pacific Coast office, 927
Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
EVERY capables salesman, executive, clerical
and technical man will be Interested In posi-
tions now en our lists; not enough right men
to meet demand; write ror booklet and state
position desired. .HAPGOOD'S, Brain Brok-
ers, U17 Chemical bldg.. St. Louis.
STENOGRAPHER, railroad experience re-
quired. $50. Call before 11 to-day, room 9,
51 Third st. .
2-CHAIR barber shop and cigar stand; good [
reasons for selling; cheap rent; lease. CSS
Post at. .
BOOKKEEPER — Competent, accurate, quick;
none other need apply; state age. former po-
sition and references; salary $75. Box 2S49,
Call office. f
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 204 Battery
street.
WANTED — Young man with $75; steady, pay-
ing work. Box 674. Call office.
MUSICIANS to Join brass band. 328 Bush St..
third floor, room 4.
BARBERS— I wish to buy paying shop; not
over $400. Address 703 Howard st.
WANTED — To rent or buy barber «hop; price
must be moderate. Box 1165. Call.
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN. *
If you are a competent man, unemployed
or dissatisfied with your position, we can
place you. Investigate our plan of securing
positions in clerical, technical and mercantile
3 lines, paying from $1000 to $5000 year. In-
terviews strictly confidential. Offices and
. representatives in many cities. Commercial
Clearance Company, suite 415-16 Starr King
bldg.. 117 Geary st.
MEN — The only original Moler Barber Colleg*
teaches barber trade ln> 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Csll or write for illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber' College. 849 Bacramento st.
Lately moved from Clay st
MAN, under 35, from San Francisco or vicini-
ty, to prepare for good position as railway
mall clerk; experience in postofflce not neces-
jj sary; entrance salary $S00 per annum, grad-
ual promotion; an exceptional opening; ex-
amination soon. Call morning, W. L. COF-
FEY, 465 Parrott bldg.
WANTED— Few high-class solicitors to sell
certificates of deposit In a banking corpora-
tion; some financial assistance to those with
ability and Al references; none other needy
apply; opportunity to realize $5 to $10 per
day. Address box 1046. Call office.
WANTED — By a large soap manufacturer, 3
farmer's sons In each State, with rigs, to
call on the country merchants; salary $100 a
month and expenses ana contract for one
year. < Buffalo Chemical Co.. Buffalo. N. Y.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon: must be quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall,
internal revenue and custom-house positions:
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute, Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evgs.
.WANTED— Ut borers and mechanics to 'know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
WANTED — Educated gentleman for encyclope-
dia work; $1000 per year; references required.
Box 1190. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced solicitors" for sale of
gilt-edged Investment; refs. required. Box
1141. Call. ■,
UP-TO-DATE barber shop for sale; Market
and Sixth sts. See COLEMAN. 806 Mutual
Bank bldg.
UET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
10 6<>c. C71 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts..
or 11 Third tt.. Examiner building.
WANTED — Men to fill S5O rooms ct 20e per
night; clothea closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 34
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 1] 3d st.. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply CHAS. LYONS.
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
MUST s*ll 2-chalr barber shop; 4 living rooms.
Mission, at Twenty-first. -^
FOR sale— Half interest in 4-chalr barber shop.
122 Third st,
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 0S7 Market St.. room 104.
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st. ;
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 min.. 70c.
. SAILORS and young men ■ (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy.. r.415.
PENSION atty., E. A. BuIUs. r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.. Q. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
j^^ B-J-EBMEIT WAHTED^^
WANTED — Men who are now successfully en-
gaged In representing wholesale tailoring
firms. The best wholesale tailoring house in
the United States will give such men an op-
portunity to make 'more money. The very
best sample equipment, such as woolens, on
consignment, swatches, unlimited advertising
matter, - etc.. - will be furnished. -Branch
' stores will be opened without requiring in-
vestment. Sure Income assured to right par-
ties. Good salesmen' will find this their op-
portunity. Address F. K. NICHOL, lock
box 629. Chlcaso. 111. ■
WANTED — Experienced dry goods salesmen to
sell our buttons on the road as side line In
California, Washlngt6n. Montana. Oregon
and adjacent States; easily rarried; sell
quickly: spring line . ready; liberal commis-
sion; the only exclusive button house In the
'West; give full- particulars and references.
CHAS. RUBENS & CO., 207-200 Franklin
et., Chicago. . r , [
TRAVELING salesman by wholesale house to
.sell ■ general stores ;in California : ■' permanent.
I Watson; Sales Manager. 56 5th ave., Chicago.
WHY not travel with pocket sample only and
'make $200 to $400 weekly selling staple artl-
clt. requiring no experience? E. L. BROWN,
; Equitable bldg.. St/ Louis/ Mo. ; ;i >
WE want 3 first-class salesmen, who can "earn
$3000 annually selling -Weir's White Lead.
. D. T.',Wetr;Whlte Lead Company St Louis,
,. Ma - ■ ■ - ■ ■■■&"*|.'»a_*w83:-.-'- ■ '
EO-.IC.TOB3 WA-TTXP.
THREE good building and loan men to do spe-
cial work in Oakland Alameda and Berke-
ley. Box 1564. Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG men to travel. Inquire PIERCE,
Winchester Hotel, Monday.
A HUSTLER to sell the retail trade from
wagon. Box 2452. Call.
____JBC0BSE3 AUTD WAOOWS. r
CARLOAD gentle-driving and business horses,
r.lso heavy wagon and truck horses. WEST-
ERN HORSK MARKET, E. STEWART £
CO., 220 Valencia st.
FOR sale — Saddle horse, single footer: lady or
gentleman's gentle riding horse; price $1CO.
Call 3547 Twenty-third St., near Guerrero,
after 12.
TWO /carloads broke horses, weighing from
1000 to lCOt) pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket: E. STEWART & CO., 220 Valencia.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to PH. E. J. CREELY. Pres.. 610 Golden Gate
TEAM for delivery wagon to be sold on ac-
count of sickness. 2040 Mission st. ; call at
10 a. m
FOR SALE — One-horse wagon In good condi-
tion: price $20. 14C0 Twenty-second ave.
South.
3 DOUBLE teams for sale. Just from country,
at 1523 Howard st.
NEW and second-hand wagons for saJe at
ROBERTS', 1615 Market st.
A STYLISH, gentle horse for sale: 7 years
old; trots or paces. Box 1497, Call office.
SPONGES are advancing" In price: order now.
STANLEY ADDERLEY, 307 Market st.
FOR sale — Dry goods . delivery wagon; also
business buggy; cheap. 523 Fulton st.
$20 HORSE; milk or grocery wagon. $23;
blacksmith tools; must sell. 272S Bryant st.
SINGLE express wagon for sale; $50. 1623
Powell st.
BUGGY for sale; fine running order.' Address
box 1238. Call office.
WAGON and cart for sale cheap. Apply
RING BROS.. 549 Castro st. . .
FAST pacer, 5 years old, sired by Eros, dam
Lulu C. SC8 Montgomery at.
NICE black hack team; young, gentle horses.
1523 Howard Ft.; price $300.
PONY, cart, harness and saddle. 841 Eighth
ave., Richmond District.
CHEAP; one single and one double pendle top
wagon and 5 business wagons. 1503 Folsom.
FOR sale — 10 second-hand express wagons, on*
single truck. 233 Beale st.
AUCTION- vale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. -16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOUSES^TO JEEJT.
A— PRINTED list of houses toTeT; send .or^ctr^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
GROVE, 817, near Flllmore — House of 11 large
sunny, rooms and bath: garden front and
rear; Just renovated throughout.
WILLIAM CRANSTON CO.,
114 Montgomery st. ,
FOR rent — Two-story and basement 8-room
residence; bath; 2 toilets; large yard; flow-
er?, trees, etc.; modern; references. 221
Thirtieth st.
STEINER. 2112, bet. California and Bacra-
mento— House 9 rooms, attic, basement, with
heater, etc.; very sunny; rent reduced.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office.
HOUSE — 7 eunny rooms, bath and basement;
1748 Hyde et.: rent $25. F. L. JONES,
Mills bldg.
SUNNY 11-room residence: marine view; gar-
den. 1316 Green st.; $65; elegant.
POST, 1018 — Cozy home; 9 rooms; rent only
$35; to private family of adults.
$12— HOUSE with 6 rooms, closets and cellar.
. 1311 York St.. between 25th and 26th.
FURNITURE and carpets, 5 rooms. 341
Eighth ave., Richmond District.
HOUSE, , 8 rooms and bath. Inquire 128
Eddy st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET — PP-t-TIS-tXP.
NICELY, furnished house of 12 rooms; any one
desiring to purchase will find this a rare op-
portunity to get fine quality of furniture and
carpets at a bargain; no agents. Inquire at
premises, 358 Golden Gate ave.
PINE. 2786 — Cozy, sunny 8 r. and b.; complete-
ly fur.; larze yard; basement; fine locality.
HOUSES PURNISHED — FOB SALE.
JONES, 919A — Well-furnished' 7-room house;
few rooms rented; covers all expenses; rent
$35; must be sold this week.
6 ROOMS, complete for housekeeping: nice car-
pets and oak furniture; cheap. 306 Sixth st.
16-ROOM house, well furnished; location cen-
tral; bargain. Room 708. 1281 Market st.
COTTAOESTO _3MBT.
$25 — EIGHT rooms and bath cottage; large
storeroom; large yard and garden; only half
block from Sutrp cars. 349 Eleventh ave.,
Richmond.
TO let — Cottage In Mlllbrae. Address E MA-
GEE, Mlllbrae.
COTTAGE of four rooms and bath; rent $15.
Apply 250 Precita ave.
$11— COTTAGE. 5 r. 17 Roscoe; Mlsslon-st.
cars to Crescent ave., on to 1st st. to right.
$16 — 6-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, nr. Web-
«ter. bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire No. 7.
HOUSES WANTED.
COTTAGE or unfurnished housekeeping room*
near Seventeenth and Mission. Box 1173*
Call office.
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 "vaV^^ewTTve?^
This first-clRss hotel, now being conducted "en
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern with every con-
'venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable: superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest Order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham.
N. Y.. and Moana Hotel. Honolulu. ~
CTVESTMEKTSJ
MARCONI— I must sell 200 or any part of 200
shares of American Marconi Wireless stock
at $3 50 per share; are worth $'J each. Ad-
dress A. G., box _D13, Coll.
HAKS bargain; American ■ Marconi Wireless
stock at $3 U0 per share; transfer and quick
delivery guaranteed; can supply any unlisted
stock at bargain price: write me your wants.
E. COWPER-THWAITE. Stockton, Cal.
LIMITED number shares of Incorporated com-
pany's treasury stock 1_ privately offered for
sale l>'\ the. company at par value of $100;
■will pay 40 per cent. Address box 2971. Call.
IHSTALL1IENT BU3XDINO. ■
BUlLDING~a3NSTR_CTION COMPANY.
' Installment homes. 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot:'
$S a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your ln-
Ktallments le»y than rent: -end for circular
LOST AND rOUHP.
LOST — Friday evening, a pearl brooch sur-
. rounded by diamonds; probably dropped from
dress In walking from Alcazar Theater " to"
Techau Tavern. A reward of seventy-five
dollars ($75) will be paid to person returning
\ it to owner at 1029 Broadway.
LOST— On Saturday, December 10,- letter con-
taining mining deed of Alaska and letter
partly In French. Reward for return to J.
: -. D./ 42 Broderlck st., San Francisco.
LOST— Pursed containing $3140, on Pacific
ave., between La_una and Webster to Jack-
S3n st. Plecae . return to 2100 Pacific ave.
side door: reward.
LOST— At Columbia Theater, Friday evening
silver nounted umbrella; "L. H. C." en-
praved en handle; reward. L. 11. COX, 300
Baker st. ■ ;
CHIP diamond and ruby rings left in lavatory
of White House. Please return to office of
same. ,
LOST — Gold chain bracelet' with locket; $10 re-
ward, no questions asked. Box 2412. Call.
LOST— Saturday, December 10.' old fashioned
■ I gold locket and chain. 1619 Page st. ; reward.
FOUND — A" bunch of keys. Apply 40 Sanchez
street. , ■ . / •
LOST— Small foxterrier dog. answers name of
Foxey; reward; 7. 210 . Bartlett st..
BROWN hunting dog;, right lip" and chest
:•; white: reward. 801 Scott st.or 1141 Polk st.
I LOST __9TI>
LOST— On an Ellis- st. car. by a conductor,
pocket-book with $UO In golJ. Address Oak
and Brodcrlck carhouse.
LOST— Third and Market sts.. diamond snake
ring. Return to 1214 Fulton St.; reward.
LOST — White dog. long hair, like poodle; re-
turn 849 Chestnut St.: reward.
LOST — Purse containing two rings; please re-
turn to 207 Mason St.. reward.
LOST— Green parrot, from 7C5 Guerrero st.
Return same and receive reward.
LOST — A green enameled lady's watch. Finder
kindly return to J. BAER. 12C0 Geary at.
I LOST — Collie dog. white and tan. Notify I*
j A. CON KLIN. 2920 Pierce St.; reward.
U-P-TC-LES TOB H-BE.
C. "A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush' 634.
LOfTS TO I_-T.
i LOFT. 243 First st.
MAT-UMOHIAJ..
NOTICE — Wish to form the acquaintance of a
young lady between the age 17 and 21; not
above & feet 4 inches In height: no agents
or trJflers need answer. Box 2372. Call.
"WIDOW, 40, having a good home, but Is lone-
some, would like to correspond with a
kind and elderly gentleman; no agents; ob-
• Ject matrimony. Box 1397, Call office. -
BUSINESS man. bright future and ability,
wishes to meet lady or widow with means;
object, matrimony; strictly private. Box
2343, Call office. :- ,_• ■',-.-
LADY, well. educated, sqme means, seeks ac-
quaintance with refined gentleman; object
matrimony. Box 4110, Call office.
A GENTLEMAN wishes to correspond with a
lady, kind and good housekeeper; object mat-
rlraony. Box 1408. Call office.
MARRIAGE paper with photos and P. O. ad-
dresses free. Address P. O. box 121, Oak-
land. Cal.
MAN with property wishes to marry lady of
means to Increase their Income. Box 1407,
Call office.
MATTBESSES AND PXX.X.OWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehydt
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 218.
-EEPIOAXfc.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years'. experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
Dr!* WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the eldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When in
trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger: I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 306 Kearny St.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
estab. 18S4 In 8. F.; 26 years' experience;
female complaints only: Drs. Goodwin is well
known to enjoy the Implicit confidence of
ladies suffering from Irregularities or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; hours 2 to ♦ and 6:39 to 8:30
p. m. 860 Market et., second floor, room 37.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SH Market st., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
VALPEAU'S remale pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS.
whole-rale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles specialist, removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mission St.. near
Fourth; home in confinement; 25 years' ex-
perience; best medical attention; low fees.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
st.-; relief guaranteed; no drugs.no operations.
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve Spec-
ialist, has arrived; limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth St., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny St Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St.. corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
-XX2T_8 AND MIMIHO.
WE want a party with a little money to Join
a company now being formed that owns val-
uable mining claims In Goldfleld. Nev. Room
10B. 819 Market at, ■
MISCELLANEOUS— TOR SALE.
60 IN. by 1C ft. return tubular boiler,
complete, with all fittings; Al $500
30 HP. boiler, engine, pump, oil burner
and pumps, complete; Al $293
35 HP. Daniel Best gas engine, com-
plete; ready to run $225
8x12 Chandler <t Taylor engine, com-
plete; lubricator; running $100
54 in. by 14 ft. return tubular boiler, all
complete; tested till It breaks $150
54- In. by 16 ft. boiler, all complete.;
Hartford boiler certificate $375
2 HP. Fairbanks -Morse engine for small
boat; "all right" $90
700 light dynamos, new; Al $375
4S-ln. Pelton water wheels, casing, noz-
zles; everything complete $100
2500 gal. Vi-ln. plate oil tank $150
1500 gal. 3-10-ln. plate oil tank $100
6-in screw casing, tested to 500 lbs... 25c ft
50 in. by 16 ft. air receiver $125
50 HP. marine boiler and fore and aft
compound engine, complete $500
H. S. WHITE Machinery Co.; "all over
Beale St.," S. F.; no agents.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-133 Beale st.
AN easy way to give Christmas presents with-
out straining your pursee; select anything In
our large stock of diamonds, watches, Jew-
elry, cut glass, silverware, gold and silver
umbrellas, etc.; we deliver you the goods on
first payment, the balance in small Install-
ments; no charge for engraving; call in and
examine our goods. PORTLAND JEWELRY
CO., 25 Stockton st.
FOR sale — Full stock of hunting dogs, broken,
unbroken; setters, spaniels, St. Bernard, col-
lies, cockers, bull and bull terriers; dachs-
hund, etc., shipped to alt parts C. O. D. at
half rates. COLLEGE KENNELS, largest In
the State. 115 Halght St.; phone Park 442.
Dogs boarded.
BOILERS engines. 2d-band machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
~ DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? *
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters
dtcks, balconies, etc. Mastic Root Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Writs
us about it. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first • payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
FOR sale — Formula cures headache In S min-
utes, cold In head 15 to 30 mlntes. catarrh
SO days; guaranteed. Address room 19, 25
Third st.
TRAVELERS* samples, Japanese curios, water
colors, cushion tops, embroideries, baskets,
toys, barbers' hones. Monday No. DO, 010
Market st.
A — BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place' to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace HoteL)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont?
gomery st.. room 12. upstairs.
ELASTIC stockings $2: trusses, abdominal
belts: factory 107 O'Farrell st. JOHN W.
HOPEWELL.
LATEST Improved No. 9 Wheeler- Wilson ma-
chine; perfect order; all attachments; $20.
S3G O'Farrell st.
FOR sale — A brand-new baby ■ go-cart: very
cheap: never been used. Call Monday at
.421, Hyde St., upstairs.
ONE fine thoroughbred silver Wyandotte
cockerel. 7 months old. 1907 Tenth ave..
Sunset district.
ALL kinds of Xmas goods at SMITH'S Cash
Bakery. Twenty-fourth st. and San Bruno
avenue.
FOR sale— Good fresh Jersey cow with calf.
I Holloway st., Ingleside, opp. IngUaide
Coursing Park. .
C. O. and W. Homebullders' contracts. Issue
of 1902. cell for cest. 1721 Sacramento st.
_rcscrT.--A-fEOtr8 — roa bai.ii — cwu
FOR sale — Thoroughbred white bull terrier
I pups. Inquire "!'>'.> Harrison st.
NEW gasoline and steam engines for autos
and launches; *i cost. 2120 Eagle ave..
Alameda.
S HIT. gasoline engine fcr sale; $100: Just the
' thing for an auto or pumping plant, 2920
Sixteenth st.
A BOY"S fine Christmas present; magic lan-
tern and slides;. bargain. Apply 534 Castro.
ALL kinds of talking machines and records at
LEVY'S, 415 Kearny St.; exchanges made.
FOR good, strong trunks go to J. K.
SMITH. 971 Mission St.. corner Sixth.
WHITE Leghorn pullets; high-class plgeonsi
Glenmore Pigeon Lofts. Elmhurst, Cal.
$160 W. W. GREENER hammer gun. 12-
j gauge, for $27 50. 1S33 Stockton st.
FLAT or roll top desk. Box 2303. Call office.
SOME fine young hen pigeons old enough to
breed at 474 Edwards St.. Oakland.
FOR sale — Pedigree cocker spaniel puppies at
23C0 Sutter st.. cor. Scott.
ORATIONS from Homer to McKlnley; 25 vols.,
tllus.; new; cheap. RUSSELL, 22 Seventh.
PAWN ticket of gent's new solid gold vest
chain. Box 2323, Call office.
INCUBATORS, brooders, pullets and pigeons
for sale. <M95 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
BIG bargains In unredeemed diamond pledges
at W. J. IIESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
$75— BARGAIN; fine upright piano; must be
sold. 3172 Twenty-third st.
TWO more thoroughbred English fox terrler-
for sale; $5 apiece. 1S2S Powell st.
FOR sale — Organ and buffalo robe; price $20.
Address box 2819. Call.
TRUNK for sale; $10: good condition. _••
CITY TRANSFER CO., 1CS Eddy St.
FOR sale— Plated ware cheap. 1438 Ellis st.
FOR sale — 430- gallon square Iron tanks. IV.
PERTING & CO.. 123 California st.
ENGINEER'S combined transit and ' level;
cheap. 411 Market st. ________
FOR sale— A No. 8 Universal rang* at 3391
Seventeenth st.
FOR sale — Three very fine paintings by cele-
brated European artists. 412 Butter st.
15- INCH band saw with all attachments I
price $45. Box 1153. Call office.
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. GARIN'S. 114 Batter at.
TOWETY'S furniture polish removes spots aad
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 523 Market st.
SAFES and cash registers; new and aecoad-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash.
Plumb: material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bcught. sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission it. ; tel. Skxith 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bui lard A Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont St.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 318 Third: tel. Main 413.
anSCELLA-TXJOTJS WANTS.
AAAAAA — BUYS any amount good 2d-band
clothing; special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 0_i: Folsom; tel. Folsom 3322.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis S25. «5O Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. r. 40S. Adam*
• bldg.. 206 Kearny St.; phone Black 3030.
WANTED — Small store or part of store, suit-
able for candy business; must be in gooil
location. Box 2407. Call.
Levy & Redler. highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. CIS Washington
WANTED — Female Japanese poodle "or Italian
greyhound: state price. Box 296«, Call.
WANTED— Incubatcr. 200 to 40O eggs. Addres*
D. L. HOWARD. Fifth and Berry sta., city.
WANTED — Paperhanglng in exchange for den-
tal work. 333 Guerrero st.
WANTED — Second-hand mimeograph. Box
2406. Call office.
FOR sale by private party — Large, handsome
German Protestant Bible at 522 Polk st.
WILL buy old gold. Jewelry or exchange new '.
The Milton Jewelry Co.. 257 Sixth st.
MONET TOIiOAJr.
—MANHATTAN LOAN ~ COMPANY ~<Inc>—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 6& AND tf PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND TOWN AND COUNTRT
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests la property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPA_r_. . . . .
Suite 107-103 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 503*.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner bulMlag.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided lats*-
ests. assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous, treatment. Strictly eonfldsatlaL
■When You Need Money.
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN~
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate. " v -
In city, town or country, 7
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars , • .
of property. ' . : : • •" .- *
Location, etc
Box 223. Call office.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st,.
loans money on diamonds, valuables, ate., at
2 per cent per month; fire and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault oa premises for free us*
of customers.
SALARY LOANS — ~ ~~ ~
Money loaned salaried peopl* without sect ir-
Uy or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 38 Geary, room 30.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain,
liberal advances oa diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
WOtt Market: tel. Main 1844. Branch 1» Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; essy payments: large business In 44
principal cities. TOLMAN. 653 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st..
near Market.
LOANS on personal notes, salaries, furniture
second mortgages!, etc.; easiest terms In city
United Service Credit Co.. 8 Taylor st.
$10,000 to loan on first mortgage: San Fran-
cisco Income property. Apply to W a.
HARLOW A CO., 95O Broadway. Oakland.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fe«; no
com.: cut rat*. Cal. Loan Co.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal -
no commission; no publicity; S_5 up* quick.
private, confidential. 28 Montgomery, rm. il.
MONEY to lean at low Interest; gold, stiver,
diamonds, pearls and crweious stones bought
st W. J. H-STHAL'S, 10 Sixth st. ° W * at
PRIVATE party will loan money on salaries
without security. Rooro, 73, 81fl Market st.
SALARIED people on note. 8. F. DISCOUNT
AQENCT. 12&-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONET loaned In suass from $10 upward: r«a-
sonable Interest. A. Q. Colton. 717 Mills hid.
MONEY loaned on diamond*, watches lewUi;
confd Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.." 722 Mkt.
TOaaUrted people without security. The Whit*
Co.. 420 CaUtornla st.. rooms 1* and li
DON'T borrow 4 nwn»v on salary until you se*
us. Huttcn Cr«dlt CQk. ttl3 Mutual Baak oMi.
STAR Lean Cm, ct Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. ' Hwm Hi, Mutual Sa*. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans o*. <Jla-.0n.te A >w«iry at 3 per cent
mo. 8. r. CoU*t«r»t L»a» W»nV_ya keara..
3% ON furniture * r>UlMw; tia M b; no removal:
no cum. V. THEM » IN, n*>w it, « K.j.ty ,£
CASH loaned p_!ari*4 t*«i>l» «n nct»s without
Indorser. MOnnKt.U *"•**'> K\Amtn<»r building.
MONET \~AKT_JDU
WANT to borrow $2"JOO «m» nr»t nu>rt«.-wc»: In-
terest 8 rer cent. A<U!r»s- K. l\ box 2D7H.
Call offU**.
____^ PATXNTS.
INVENTIONS p»t«Tled."~P. 1*. MCDRf A. all
tcrney-at-law. 6 Hobart blJ« . &32 Market *CmXSXCA.1. INSTRUMENTS. j
a KiMutrn or ikvugain's'in^uprights I
A *nii«:i U|>riirtit. a taep ; $;r» I
FtCHlert. mahopuny case, fine condition. .1135 !
GroveBteea & Fuller, full «ze concert. .$145
' Fischer, th<ir<iurhly repaired |160
Alto n CtUckcrtnc Vose, Steinway. "WVber.
Susoa &■• llsmUn. Sterling anQ many others.
Easy laynunts. U1ZSZ. CCKTAZ & BON.
IV OKarrcll E t. !
A tiEEAT opportunity— We are cloiinjf out !
cor trcmt Seattle «tock In S. F ;,t pr;ce» '
never heard at before; all make*; your j
■u-mif e.Tn our terms ; rents $'_' up; allowed I?
■ 'uri/hestrd. HKINE PIANO CO . ••.tri-2-'!:
Oary >t.. s. p.; Oakland. 1232 Dread way. I
PARTT must tell large b'telnway upright;
ocsi STui; price f2S5; uill accept payments; •
• :;<, reatcr.abVe cash effer refused 237 I
Otsry t. ■ j
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent $3 i
ix.r month; <ne year's rental allowed if pur- i
.. cb " < *- fcCOTT-CURTAZ. B60 Uaye* at
FINE modem downtown rooming-house; value i
$7C'.O; ell Improvements: long lease; exchange •
for good real estate. Sf,i Sutter st.
fir.— EASTERN piano. C o«t $400 for eale on $5 !
ir.sts:;:n»»r,tx. 1309 Cough «.. near Geary.
PIANO feir tsale. 810 Seventh st.. West Oak- :
land. Hldiey House.
■" — — . . j
OPEN ev.-r.ir.p5 until Christmas. Byron Mauzy j
Piano Wareroome. 3CS-312 Post st
A SMALL Sflcway upright; cost $500; $1SS j
takes it. 237 Geary rt.
F1SC1IEH upright: cost $350; will sell for $96. •
£37 Geary st. ;
FOR honest and fair dealing. Hornung Piano I
Hcune. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprights. new & 2d-handJ43 to $100. ■
Pierce' s Piano Factory. Market and 14th eta. '
SOHMER. Byrcn Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano ;
player. liYRON MAUZY. SOS-312 Po«t at
KEW uprlsl.t planoa sold on $3 monthly pay- !
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister at
S-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickerlng baby grand; i
Ehor.lr.ger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
_J5*PICES AgJ STOBE3 TO LET.
FIRST. 221 and 223 — Second floor, corner i
building, 41x72; well lighted for manuf. bus. j
OAK, cor. Broderick — Large store suitable for
grocery and saloon: opposite carhouse.
COLLECTOn can have desk room in return
for elight services. 717 Mllla building.
FMaLL office to let. 8 Sixth st
STORE. 1C3 First et.
gEHSOarAXJL
"R-E-X-n-A-D-I-O'-S B-U-L-L-E-T-I-N." :
"HUNDREDS RECENTLY HEALED."
"HE SAVED MY LIFE" LAST WEEK.— I
Through eating tainted meat I suffered the
most awful, excruciating torments from
PTOMAINE POISONING. Every moment
6eeraed as if it would be my LAST. ! I
; writhed In exQuislte anguish all the time.
There was constant violent vomiting and
purging, with inconeeU-able, Intolerable tor-
ture all over my body, especially in stom-
ach and bowels. I felt I must surely DIE 1
unless speedily helped, but nothing relieved j
me in the leaist. 1 was collapsing from the ;
xr.oet- cruel aeor.ies and exhaustion. Then j
carne Hexradlo, whse "first" treatment tin- j
stantly) gave me extraordinary rtllef. It was i
llk» parsing from hell to heaven. The second i
treatment fully and permanently etoj»ped all !
the dreadful pains, vomiting and purging. ;
with m« return since. That night I slept [
scur.d'.y and ever since have felt like a new
man. c-r.tirvly raJrilrss. easy and hearty, and i
able us usual to attend to my business. I :
e&nuct fcpeak too highly of Rexradlo tnd his ;
truly "mcrvelous" humanized radium treat- i
m< r.t. which 1 earnestly recommend to all j
ru:T?rers. Before I was a "skeptic," but now '
Hexra.Ho has not a more enthusiastic grate- j
fui advocate than I am. He healed me as ;
if by rr.atic, and undoubtedly naved my i
life. «~ail on me any time. — Richard J. I
Krr.er.ck. 7 Fourth et
"OSSIFIED LADY." — Mrs. Knowles. once sol-
' id Joint* continue to freely move. Call and
reed the marvelous details in "written" tes-
timony <!ic*ated and signed by her HUS-
* BANI>; lar MORE wonderful than previous
"brief" notices; also numerous WIT-
NESSES of the great benefit, who knew for
years her helo'.css condition, are willing to
be "interviewed." ,
•A MITLTITL'DE" of patients recently aue-
ceaatnlly ' treated for anchylosis, deef-
rr.utcism. paralysis, neuralgia, rheumatism.
lumitrfr^. V.ImdnesF. fever, cancer, ulcer, ca-
•. tarrh. l!>co:notor ataxla. contracted muscles,
feanritiw, i neumenia, tumor, sciatica, fit*.
*-ic. : «1.«<> numerous cases of FEMALE
WEAKNESSES quickly, wonderfully helped j
by R<xra<Siu. after all others had FAILED j
uttfrly. Call and see stacks of testimonials. [
"(DISTANT treatments given.) J
• P.EXrvADIOS' office hours, 2 to 7. DAILY !
"puKlc" hfalir.g, 2 and 8 p. m. Bring elck
poor. Call for WEEKLY CIRCULAR. 1
Fourth ft. <cor. Market).
MANY tr.tn who are feeble can add years of j
happiness to their lives by using the Cactus I
Lecithin Cure: it cures vital weakness, »
nervous dftllity, atrophy, %-arlcocele, etc. :' it I
Quickly builds up new tissue by stimulating !
the fc:c»d supply. An outwardly applied i
" salve. One application proves its merit. \
6end $1 for full eire box or write far fre* I
sample C«4 Slbley bldg.. Philadelphia. Pa. :
ONE OF OUR RECENT TESTIMONIALS: ,
Gentlemen: One box of your wonderful I
salve ht» entirely cured me. . I have tried !
nar.y ether remedies. E. LONG, Paterson, ;
W. J.
X FACE without a wrinkle may be the pos-
session of «.r.y one who takes the full treat-
ment for the removal of facial imperfections j
practiced by M. ELLA HARRIS; simple .
remedy, based upon scientific principles; per- |
•nener.t in effect: proofs shown; send for free [
bocklet "Hints on Beauty." M. ELLA HAR-
RIS. li8 Geary st
AA— WHY look old?
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM; a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and puffineas removed from one aide
of the face can be seen daily; write for book-
let 143 Stockton at., cor. Geary.
DR. AGNES WTNZELLk graduated Electro
Therapeutics, ha- returned from the East and
located at 2£S Ellis St.: a cordial invitation
to old friends; the public to Investigate new
method cf treatment.
TBS Btar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
prove* its rrowth. steps falling, cures dandraft
and itching scalp: no ptaln or stickiness;
cleanses t-ca]p;at drucrists'.hairdreseere*: ae-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1238 Po!k.
ROYALTY paid on acng poema and musical
compositions; we arrange and popularize;
ptrtlcu'.srs free. Pioneer Pub. Co.. 704 Bal-
timore bldg.. Chicago. I1L
MRS. LEGG, the noted mental scientist, has
opened offices at £214 Howard St.; all dis-
eases positively cured without medicine: to-
bacco tt llQUor habits specialty; consult free.
RAG carpeta wove to order and for sale; also
cben!l!e-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpet*: inersin. brus-
t< > , tapestry and moquette: chenille curtains
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory.
£62 Market St.. Oakland: take We?t Sth car.
NOTICE: — Any one dealring to become maater
of their own destiny and become an Initiate
In the Cabala for Information, The Philo-
sophical Pub. Co., 1429 Market st. .»; •.-
OXTGKX massage cures weakness and nervous
trouble* Office. 320 Starr King bldg.. 121
Geary at. MRS. HOLEHOUEER. m*gn*Uo
specialist; ladles and gentlemen.
CMXCEBB. floating kidney, rectal, spinal dis-
. f- ■ - cured painlessly. MRS. ADA. 1024 Mis-
•ton st. ■ -■
dETECT I VE— Private detective: all classes le-
ritlmaie work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGEH5. 816 O'Farrell. Phone Butter 2634.
FANcr and stlk drrsses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITB LAUNDRY, ettab.
1SOT. 2:22 Pi'lincre et; phone Geary M6X
AT len than cost; uncalled (or suits, overcoats
atsd trcusers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market rt.
YOU cen buy $75 worth or furniture for $7 30
ecm snd $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post et.. near Powell.
AFTHMA en<1 rheumatism ccred free. Tha
tilue Cross Medical Aid Specialists. 1033 Mkt
C. E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; country
crd'-'-s. .':C5 Larkln. r. 4». tel. South 318.
SUITS to order on Installments cf $1 per week,
NEUIIAUS CO.. the tailors. 723 Market st
EASY installments for Mrn and Youths. Salts
to order. Co-operstl\'e Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
tl a week; suits to order 115 up. LEMO3 1127
Market et.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dcllar weekly keeps you in fine c'.othln*.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
ELEGANT svlts to order, extra pants or fancy
vecte. for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eatcn.369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.38.
TAlLOr.-MADE rult $7 20; drees pants $2 50.
M.i£f!t Clothing Parlor. cpr. Bush and Dupont
JIAPQtTERADB costumo*. play books. wle»;
country orlera. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFnEDUM'S Egyptian Henna . restores gray
hair to its r.autral color.Jl at sll druggists'.
A ERANCH office of The Call for the recepT
tien of advertisements snd subscriptions has
teen cpened at 100S Market st; opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. n.
i\ PABT3TEBS WAHTEfl. • j
PARTNEU wantrd in good real estate busi-
ness; fine opportunity to right , party. Ad- J
•lrrps box 2U47, Call office. .- .' j
PHYSICIANS AND SUEGEOKS. I
Dr.. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residency
K"J1 "^ Market «t.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to <il?eaira of women.
BLOOD, skin nr.il rectal diseases a specialty.
l:l:. HALL. ICTo-, Market «t.
I'.EMOVKP— nit. WONG HIM. h*rb doctor, j
treats all di^-ai- -s of the human body; for
part four y«-ar» at ll.S-117 Ma»on rt.. now lo- !
cated at 007 Geary «t.. near Leavenworth. j
WONG WOO. the famous herl> d>ttor- All dls- j
eates cured by Chinese herb*. «.
CATAItP.H. DEAFNESS and NOISES In BARS
positively cured: new methods; 1 week's I
treatment free. Dr. Cottlncham. 20* Putter. ;
PURCHASING AGENCIES. i
CLARA E. JEWKTT. purchasing agenl;coun- (
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit- ;
ed. 3C3 Larkln st. room *'J: tel. South :ilO. I
BOOMS FOB HOpSKEEPINO. j
AT 305 Sutter St., rooms for housekeeping; also j
single rooms; reasonable; strictly respectable, j
BRYANT. 421— Two sunny rooms nicely fur- j
nlshed for housekeeping; cas^ 1
UVSH. 1G32— Sunny furnished housekeeping |
rooms or single; reasonable. ' i
BRYANT, 706 — Housakeeping rooms; sunny (
and desirable; coal and gas Btoves. • j
BUSH. 16S5— FurnUhed room for housekeep- j
Ing; runnins water; rent, $10. j
CALIFORNIA, 1217— Private part of flat of 2-3 |
rooms; gas range. ■ ■ j
CAPP. ~CS — 2 neatly fur. housekeeping rooms; 1
bath; cas; laundry; phone; sunny yard.
DIAMOND. 610—3 furnished rooms for house- j
kteping.
EDDY. 1020 — Housekeeping roomik
ELLIS. 736 — Large room; grate; 2 closeU; run- 1
nlng water: also double r>ar. fur, or unfur.
EDDY. 617 — Nice furnished rooms, suitable for
light housekeeping. ' ■ ■
ESSEX. 11, between 1st and 3d. off Foleom —
3 unfurnished and 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; $12 60 each. .
ELLIS. 874^ — Two connectins rooms: piano;
telephone.
FIFTH. 853— 3 furnished housekeeping. $15;
also 2, $10 00; one single hall. $5.
FELL. 112% — Housekeeping room to let.
FIRST. 319 — Double., single and housekeeping
rooms. '■"■'■'r'j^
FULTON, 124— Housekeeping rooms; nicely
furnished. .
FOURTH. 491 — 2 rooms furnished tor house-
keeping; gas stove; no children. I
FIFTH. 300 — Housekeeping and other rooms;
reasonable. -
FIFTH 353 — 3 furntshed housekeeping, $15;
also 2. $10 50; one single hall. $5. .
FRANKLIN. 529 — Two sunny unfurnished con-
necting ' rooms. -
FREMONT. 692— Housekeeping rooms.
FELL. 0T.7— Housekeeping rooms; 6un all day;
other rooms; gas range.
FREMONT. 328 — Furnished room to let; also
for housekeeping.
FELL. 222 — 2 housekeeping rooms; also single
rocni.
FRANKLIN. 1459. corner Bush — 3 partly fur-
nlehed rooms for housekeeping. $10.
GEARY. 1225 — Fine front sunny, bay-window
suite: all conveniences; location of the best;
marine view; terms reasonable. -
GROVE. 82 — Unfurnished rooms for house-
keeplng.
GOUGH. 437 — Housekeeping rooms ot let
GEARY, 5C7 — Furnished housekeeping rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C57— 2 newly furnished
sunny rooms; gas rar.ge; hot and cold water.
GEARY. 756—2 furnished housekeeping roomi
to let. '
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1501— Two sunny front
housekeeping rooms; grate; closets; bath;
adults. I - ■ •
GOLDEN GATE ave., 631 — Nice rooms ' for
housekeeping; all conveniences. "
GOLDEN ' GATE ave., 637— Housekeeping
rooms to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1010— Housekeeping
room .for gentleman.
1IAURIEON, 748 — $10 suite; single housekeep-
ing rooms front, sunny, $6 to $10; gas, laun-
dry.
HOWARD. 719%— Housekeeping. 3 large sun-
ny rooms, suitable for 3 or 4 adults; respect-
able; no transient.
HAIGHT 1425 — Within two blocks of Park
panhandle; three beautifully furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping. Phone 3457 Page.
HAIGHT, 232 — Beautiful unfurnished sunny
frcr.t room; 6eparate kitchen; couple or gen-
tleacn. Tel. Fell 2372.
HOWARD, C13— Housekeeping and single
rooms; yard; very reasonable; cheap.
HOWARD. 6&4V4 — 2 connecting rooms for
housekeeping; no objection to cne child.
HOWARD. I68S — Housekeeping rooms with
gas range, bath and phone; als> single room.
HAYES, 332 — Two light nice rooms complete
for housekeeping, with private bath; $17.
HAYES. 481 — Sunny fur. rooms for 2 gentle-
men or young couple; bath; gas.
HOWARD. 829 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 822 — 2 front housekeeping rooms;
rent $4 week; gas and coal stove.
HOWARD, 1056 — Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $13, $15 and $18.
HOWARD. 1206 — Housekeeping room to let
HARRISON. 405 — Furnished and light house-
keeping rooms; new house; electric lights;
hot and cold water; bath.
HOWARD. 822 — 2 front housekeenlnjr rooms;
rent $4 week; gas and coal stove-.
HARRISON 2408% — 2 front roorrji for house-
keeplng. gas, bath. :.
HOWARD. 73714. Manilla. — Two fine front
suites; housekeeping rooms; very reasonable;
central.
JESSIE, 323 — sunny front room; gas ranga,
sink; good bed and cot; $3 25 week.
JONES, 207 — Sunny front rooms, en suite and
single; light housekeeping. ■ •
KKNILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
rooro aunny apartments: steam h^eat; cen. loe.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
Eunny furnished 3-rooni suites; steam heated.
»lectric lighted: free baths; rates reasonable.
LAGUNA, 1211 — Sunny housekeeping rooms.
LAGUNA. 15C7. cor. Geary — Newly furnished
. sunny rooms; new flat; private family; reas.
LARKIN, 614 — Housekeeping room to let.
LARKIN. 819%— Nice, large, housekeeping
room; £>■ etove and bath; $12 per month.
MCALLISTER, 14^ — Large, sunny, unfumlshea
rooms, suitable light hskpg.; reas.; elevator.
MINNA. 646 — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping. ■•
MONTGOMERY. 109 (Tel. Black 6713)— House-
keeulng rooms. t
MONTGOMERY. 109— Furnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping.
MARKET^ 1824— Nicely furnished roooros,
complete for housekeeping. , . '
MCALLISTER, 1671 — Three aunny . connecting
furnishd rooms; all conveniences; - bath;
adults. '
MONTGOMERY, 109 — Housekeeping rooms; tel.
, Black C713. '■■ '
MISSION, 1013,' near Sixth — Front room for
couple; folding-bed, large closet; light house-
keeping; #3 week; quiet respectable house.
MISSION. 1061 — Housekeeping and Single
, rooms to let - ;
MISSION, 2256 — Housekeeping \ rooms; very
sunny; no objection to a baby; front bedroom.
MINNA. 140— Housekeeping rooms to let /~
MISSION. 2260 — 2 • furnished housekeeping
room a. •• ' '■
NOE. 483 — Cozy front parlor; gas ran«;e; $12.
NINETEENTH. SC23— 2 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. • ■" ■• ■
OAK/ 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
aooMS roa novsuKTiT.vrva— con. |
OCTAVIA, I 1 "— Four furnished housekeeping
rooms; use of bath and laundry ;; $25.
OCTAVIA. 1410, near Geary — Two completely
furnished sunny suites for housekeeping.
OAK, 407 — $4. per , month; room and (kitchen.
?:•; large; eunny. Call Sunday. •
OXi; or two housekeeping rooms: "nof to far
from Powell ft. car hcusp.Box 210S, Call.
OCTAVIA, 411 — Two housekeeping rooms; gas;
frort: $IS.
O'FARKELL. 1721 — Furnished rcoms for house-
keeping. •
OCTAVIA. 411— Sunny housekeeping room.
OAK GROVE ave., ID. between 5th and Cth,
oft Harrison— % 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms;
K3«. bath; alEO large front room, suitable
tor :t-.-i>. ■ • ■
O'FARRELL . K!C— 1, 2 and 3 sunny rooms;
furnished compete for housekeeping. .
PINE. 1 C9— Housekeeping rooms.
POLK, fi2'J— Ji!cely s fur. sunny front suite for
housekeeping. $18; isin^le room. $S.
POIITOLA, CS between Steiner and Pierce, off
Waller, near Duboce Park — Two or» three
sunny rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
POWELL, SIC— Elegantly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; grand marine view.
I'OST. «0j — Large, comfortable housekeeping j
room; *10. •
PF.ARL, 3, corner Market — 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; $18; no children. |
• I
SECOND. 434— Furnished rooms for housekeep- ;
ing. I
————— |
EHOTWELL. 224, near Sixteenth— Four fur- [
nlshed housekeeping rooms, parlor floor. ' J
SOUTH PARK ICO— Housekeeping rcoms to j
, let. -
SOUTH PARK. /178— Furnished rooms for
housekeeping. '
STOCKTON, 1701— Housekeeping rooms to let.
SIXTH. 125— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; charges reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 134— Housekeeping rooms.
TEHAMA, G25 — Large sunny housekeeping
rooms.
THIRD, 308 — New management; clean rooms |
for housekeeping; quiet, respectable; rates
reasonable.
TWELFTH. 10— Completely furnished house-
keeping;: $10, 2 rooms; clean and respectable.
TWELFTH. 232— Housekeeping . suite, 2 or 3
rooms; gas range; regular kitchen; $14,- $16 ;
cr $17; adults.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 8174— Two nice sunny
rooms for housekeeping.
THIRD, 444 Va — Housekeeping rooms to let
TURK, 816 — Lower floor of three rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; single room for
gentleman; private.
TURK, 1231—2 housekeeping rooms; furnished
or unfurnished.
TEHAMA 426 — Newly furnished housekeeping
suites; $10 up; also single. $5; private.
TWO furnished housekeeping rooms for rent;
reasonable. Apply at 546 Minna st.
VAN NESS, 35 — Rooms for light housekeeping
at reasonable rates.
WASHINGTON, 1323, near Jones — Three^ four
or six nicely furnished connecting rooms in
six-room cottage; . piano; everything flrst-
class; marine view; desirable location.
WEBSTER. 1229—3 or 4 rooms, furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. Phone and bath.
WALLER, 1628 — Housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms.
APARTMENTS TO LET.
GOLDEN WEST Apartments. 414 Golden Gate
ave.; cpen about December 12; unfurnished
apartments; rooms to let.
BOOMS TO MT— rnrn. and Tint nrn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 rooms; 83 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE- BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 50 TO $2 50 PER
DAY; EINGLB ROOMS. 75o TO $1; HOT
, WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
E20 Mason st.. bet. Geary and CFarreU.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; entire -tious*
newly renovated; sun in rooms all day.
ATKINS, cor. Third st and Park lane — Ntw
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water: electric lights: only first-class house
in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st— Rooms
25c to $1 per night $1 23 to $5 par week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. I
Fifth Et)— Rooms. 25c. 60c, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night
ARLINGTON, 104— Nicely furnished room to
rent.
AURORA. 608 Folsom, cor. Second — Nicely
furnished sunny rooms; running water; elec-
tric lights; $1 50 up week.
"THE ABBOTSFORD"— Rooms to let
ADELE pi., 10— Rooms to lat
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electrlo
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooma; 25c to 60c per night; $1 2fi to $3 weak.
BEAVER, 12— Large room for 1 or 1 gen-
tlemen; gas and bath. ■
BANK, 427 — Furnished rooms to lat
BUSH, 763 — Furnished rooms.
BIRCH ave., 637— Furnished rooms to let
BUSH, 1018— Furnished rooms.
BRYANT. 412 — Sunny furnished room.
BUSH. 8S3 — Large room, suitable for two.
BEAVER. 12— Rooms, single or en suite.
BUEH. 855— Fine housekeeping rooms to let
BUSH. 2444 — Sunny furnished room to let
BUCHANAN. 134C— Room to let
BROADWAY, 1416— Furnished rooms.
BUSH, 1423— Nicely furnished room.
BUSH. 2313 — Sunny furnlahed room to let
BUCHANAN. 1510— Sunny furnished room to
lef ■ ., \ ■ . ■' : •■ •. ■- .
B, C2S — Pleasant sunny room.
BRYANT. 2706. corner Sixteenth— Nice sunny
furnished front room.
BROADWAY, 1 702^ — Furnished room.
BRYANT, 667— Nice furnished room to let.
BRYANT, 768 — Furnished rooma to let ;
BUSH, 2444 — Sunny furnished • room to let
BROADWAY. 1123%— Furnished room to let.
BRYANT. 453H— A room to let.
BIRCH AVE., 30— Furnished room to let.
BRODERICK, 1611 — A large room to let. •<
BUSH. leCo— Roomers wanted. . '. '
BRYANT, CIS— 4. unfurnished sunny clean
rooms; porch; yard;. rent %9.~
BUCHANAN, 1503— Nlca front room for gen-
tleman. •. . : .
BALSER. ; 1505— Four unfurnished rooms;
-rent $9. - .
BUSH. 2608A, near . Devliadero— Newly fur-
nished room; {0.
BUSH. 1818— Furnished room!
. BOOMS TO LET — run. and^.TJnfurn.
CALIFORNIA. 720— Bay-window room to rent.
CROKE, 37— Furnished room to let.
CLINTON PARK, 2S3 — Furnished rooms to
let. , . „ - \
CALIFORNIA ave., 22J)^-Sunny front room to
r «nt. . . • ••'
CHELSEA. 0. Bush: and Powell — Large, sun-
ny room, enly $10.
CLARA, 61 — Furnished rooms '"to.: let >
CARL. 136— Sunny front room with grate and
running water: rent . reasonable.
CLAY. 2912 — Suite rooms.
CLARA.' 61 — Large furnished room. .
CLAY. 2012— Rooms' to let,
CALIFORNIA. 706— Rooms to let
CLARA, 247 — Furnished front room to let.
SUNNY rocm to let. Apply at 25 Carl . st
CLAY, 102$ — Furnished rcoms.
CALIFORNIA, 1263 — Sunny front room; fur-
nished.
CALIFORNIA, 623 — Sunny furnished rooms to
let.
CASTRO. 421 — Furnished rooms.
CLARA, 142—4 unfurnished rooms.
CAPP. 1010— Room to let.
CHATTANOOGA. 2407-Furnlshed room to let.
CLEMENTINA. 69— Furnished rooms to let-
CLEMENTINA, 73— Room to let
CEDAR ave., 119 — Furnished rooms.
CLEMENTINA, 430B— Nice furnished room to
let. . . - ...
CLARA, 61 — Nicely furnished room.
CLAHA. 61. near Fourth — Sunny furnished
room.
CAPP. 252— Furnlahed room.
CLAY, 239 — Room to let.
CITY HALL place, 3 — Furnished room to let.
DORLAND. 26 — Nice front room to let.
DALE place, 9*4 — Furnished room to. let.
DOLORES. 275— Room to let.
DORE, 26, near Ninth — A clean, light, room;
bath; gas; phone; $3 and $8 per month.
DEVISADERO, 1301A — Large eunny front
room.
DE LONG AVE.. 172 — Small furnished room.
DEVISADERO. 1734 — Furnished rooms, $6 50
to $10 per month; bath.
EDDY. 482— Nice, furnished rooms to > let;
good location; reasonable. ' ■ '
EDDY. 804 — Nice single room; also house-
keeping rooms to let
ELEVENTH, 117— FurnUhed rooms to let
EDDY. 1233 — Furnished room to let.
ELLIS, 801 — Elegantly furnished rooms to let.
EDDY. 1403 — Furnished rooms. ' *"
EDDY, , 127S— Newly furnished rooms; cheap.
EDDY. 512— rLarga room in .private family.
ELLIS, -450 — Eunpj;- tornlshed^suitjes .and . sln-
gles to let -o • ... - ' . "■'
ELLIS, 616 — Furnished rooms to let.
EIGHTH ave.. 574 — 3-4 sunny rooms;, new
house;. will fix them up to suit tenant .
ERIE. 33 — Front room to let
EDDY. 1233— Furnished room to let \
EDDY. SSS— Elegantly furnished rooms to let:
running water, hot .and cold: closets; plenty
of sun.
EDDY, SSS — Very large front room, suitable
for 3 or 4 young gentlemen; rent very rea-
sonable. '
ELLIS, 1142 — Furnished rooms to let
ELM ave.. 1126 — Furnished rooms.
"THE LAUNSTON.". HO.Eddy— Best transient
and regular rooming-house city; 50c, $1.
ELGIN PARK, 78 — Sunny front room. to let
ELLIS, 1436 — Choice rooms. 1 furnished,- unfur-
nished, -with or without board; private fam-
ily; every comfort obtainable; references ex-
changed; very moderate rates; if not rented
this week these rooms ' will be withdrawn
from the market
EDDY, 637— Furnished rooms.
ELLIS. 014 — Sunny room; good home for two
gentlemen. ■ :
ELLIS.^216 — Rooms to let
EDDY. 1233— Furnished room.
EDDY. 913— Elegant unfurnished . parlors;
other rooms, eh suite or single; modern con-
veniences; reasonable. /
EIGHTH ave.. 674, nr. Golden Gate Park— 3
sunny unfurnished rooms; reasonable,
EAST. 230— Bunny furnished rooms to let.
EDDY, 672— Furnished rooms to let.
EIGHTEENTH. 8230— Bunny furnlahed rooms.
ELLIS. 725 — Furnished rooms.
ELLIS. 1160— Nlcejy furnished rooms; gccxl
neighborhood. ; " ,
EDDY, 1796— Nicely furnished rooms.
EIGHTEENTH. 8C65 — Room to let /
EDDY. 173— Rooms to let.
ELM ave.. £17, between Turk and Golden
Gate, off Van Nee 1 *— Two furnished rooms
to let. reasonable. ' .'
EIGHTH. 120 A— Newly furnished rooms; ctTi-
trally located. : • ■ . j - ' ■ -
EDDY, 210 — Sunny front parlors; rent reason-
able; -two gentlemen.
ELLIS. 103S— Larcre, .-sunny room; modern;
v private family; phone; also small room; rent
cheap. ".!v • . . '
FOLSOM, 603— Furnished rooms to let; elec-
tric; ; water. ' " . - -
FURNISHED parlor suite, near Panhandle:
baths, ■ electric and gaa light; telephone: prl-
vate family : referencea. Box ' 3000. .Call..
FIRST. 371— Sunny ; furnished rooms to let.
FOURTEENTH, 84— Sunny furnished . front
: room; < reasonable. , . : #, : . - ...
FOLSOM, 775— Nice front room.
FOLSOM, : 850— Llcht sunny room. : newly fur-
. nlshed. cheap. ' • ■ ,- ■ •- -. -
FILLMORE, : 213— Furnished rooms, single or
,. • in gultee. • ■ .'
FREELON. 8-^-*.- unfurnished rooms.
FIFTEENTH, 1864— Furnished room.
FRANKLIN, ■ 1459 — Sunny furnished . rooms.
FRANKLIN. 1451— Handsomely v furnished
room "to "let-- ; /: ■ ' :• '.■:'■■
FIFTH, 381— Nicely furnished room to let
BOOMS TO LET— -rnra. "■ and / Uaf ttrn.
FORTY-SEVEXTH ave., 1428— Furnished room
to let.
FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 324 Fell st
FRANKLIN. : 1450— Sunny furnished rooms to
let. . . : ■
FIFTH, 3SJ— Large furnished room.
FOURTH, 166— RoomT*to let
FOLSOil, 1776— A small front room to let
m g
FULTON. 417— Nicely furnished room.
FULTON. 63(*— Furnished rcoms.
FOLSOM. 1800— 2 unfurnished rooms to let
FIFTH. 3S1— Large unfurnished room.
FIFTH. 1 — Furnished room.
FIFTH, 100 — Furnished rooms.
FIFTH. 33— Furnished rooms.
FOLSOM, 923% — Furnished rooms.
FOLSOM, 1013U — Sunny front room.
FOLSOil, 613 — Furnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 762 — Furnished__room to lat
FULTON, 636 — Furnished room to let
FOLSOM, 620— FurnUhed room to let
FOLSOM, 739 — Furnished room. . '
FOLSOM, 2S30 — Sunny inside room.
FULTON. 126S— FuririBhed rooms to let
FIRST. 221, second floor — Rooms to let
FOLSOM, 412— Rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 610— Sunny front room to let
FIFTH. 3S1 — Large unfurnished room.
FREELON, 12 — Fcur furnished rooms.
FULTON, 44S— Sunny front room; bath.
FOLSOM, 714 — Furnished rooms to lat
FOLSOM. 1152. — To let.- one large, sunny front
room, suitable for two, In private family; $3
per month. /'*■.-
FULTON, 311 — Furnished room. "'
FOLSOM. 672— Front room to let
FOURTEENTH. 103— Furnished room to let
FELL. 576-7Unfurni8hed room.
FOLSOM. 560— Furnished room.
FEDERAL. 81 — Furnished rooms to rent
FOURTH. 490 — I large corner sunny room. '
FELL, 837 — Elegantly furnished front room
for one or two gentlemen; rent $12.
GOLDEN GATE, 527 — Nice, sunny room; run-
nlng water and closet.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooma 33o
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GREENWICH. 915— Furnished rooms.
GEARY, 660— Sunny room to let
GEARY, 620 — Sunny furnished rooms.' -■
GEARY, 74— Furnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1208— Newly furnished
. rooms. .-.■•..
GOUGH, 723 — Furnished room. ) •
GREEN, 622 — Furnished room to rant
GOLDEN GATE ave., 639 — Furnlahed rooms.
GEARY, 239 — Furnished rooms.
GOUGH, 723 — Furnished room.
GROVE, 644 — Sunny furnished room to let
GROVE, 408% — Furnished room.
GUERRERO, 208 — Nicely furnished rooms.
GROVE, SI — Furnished room to let
FURNISHED room to let. Apply 427 Grove
■. street
GREEN, 040 — Unfurnished rooms to let
.GRANT. .25. near Ninth — Furnished room to
let. » .
GREEN. 11125-Large furnished room.
GHEEN, 1^29 — Large unfurnished room.
GRANT ave., 8 — Nice room to let-
GEARY, 85&T- For rent, parlor suite.
"GriOvS^Or-Room. --'.;/
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 430—1 furnished room.
GOUGH, 723— Large furnished room. •
GEARY. 635 — Nicely furnlahed rooms to let.
GOLDEN OATE ave.; Sll— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms for light housekeeping.
GI3ARY.' S15— Newly furnished large sunny
room, .58. ■ ,
GHEEN, 657 — Rooms to rent.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. S17— Nicely furnished
1-arlors. v -
'GOLDEN GATE ave., 817%— Nicely furnished
room. '', ■ \
pLEX'PAIlK ave.. 13 — Sunny furnished room;
gaa; coal grate. <
GOLDEN GATE ave.,1404 — Elegant rooms, en
suite p.nd slnrrle. > *.
GOLDEN ; -GATE ave., 520— Good size, room,
Suitable for one or two; $10.
GROVE. 644 — Sunny room; private family; gas,
bath, phone; $7. • .
GEARY. 14 18-^Pleasant sunny room or back
parlor: crate; gas. >
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1C5O— Sunny well fur-
nished room; private family; free phone.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 3i3— Nicely furnished
sunny room: running water.
GUERRERO. 317— Furnished room.
GOLDEN GATE avei. 357— Newly furnished
' cunny suites, also single. XI to $4 week.
HAIGHT, 138— Basement;: 2 rms.- &, kitchen;
- sunny side; also large rma.; light hskpg.
HARRISON. 837 — Nicely furnished front room.
HAYES, : 136, corner Van ' Ness ave.— Large
eunny / furnished room for gentlemen.
HARPJSON. 530 — Nicely furnished large sunny
.-front -room; suitable for - 2. ; - ' • -
HOWARD Court. 7— Sunny furnished room.
HOWARD. 715— Furnished rooms, single or
. double;, central Ideation. : '■ . ■
HOWARD. 7C2— Nicely . furnished rooms; suii-
■ - able for. 2 gentlemen; bath, gas, grate. ;
KEARNY.. 418 — New management; strictly
- 1st. class; $2 50 week up; fine transient house.
HOWARD, . 8337-Nlce, • sunny, bay-window
. rooms. '■;■;''. ' •
HYDE, ' 12— Furnished room to let .
{ BOOMS TO ''UBT—ymn. ana -Untaxn. j
HAYE3. 136— Large front room. t <- '■
HAIGHT. 882— An elegantly, furnished room
for ona or two gentleman. • - .
HAWTHORNE. . 8— Nice sunny rooms to lat
HAWTHORNE. 8. near Third— Neat furnished
room.
HARRISON. 748— Suites. $2 5O week; single,
housekeeping rooms, $ I 50. *2 50; sunny front
rooms; gas: laundry.-
~~ ~\ ■ . '■ .. - ~~. '
HOWARD. 1050— Furnished roons to let.
HOWARD. 15C8— Bunny furnished room to lat
HOWARD. 504— Furnished room to let
HARRIET, 233 — 3 unfurnished rooms to let.
( HOWARD. 1772— Furnished room to let
HOWARD, 846 — Housekeeping rooms..
HYDE. 4 — Furnished rooms. • . . ' . •
HOWARD. 1774— One furnished room to let.
HAIGHT. 66 — Furnished rooms. '}■'-'.-.'■
HAMPSHIRE. 960— Will furnish large and \
eunny hall bedroom for steady roomer. t
HOWARD, 675 — Furnished rooms to lat
HOFF ave.. 20 — Furnished room. . • . : ;->'■■■
HOWARD. 719^— Rooms to let •
HOWARD. 5O«— Furnished rooms to let
HYDE, " 338— A ■ well-furnished sunny front
room.
HAIGHT. 703 — Furnished room for gentleman.
HOWARD. 1206 — Sunny room to lat
HATES. 1406— Sunny room to lat
HAYES. 640— Furnished rooms to let
HAIGHT, 60 — Furnished rooms.
HAIGHT. 43— Furnished rooms to lat ,
HICKORY ave.. 634 — Furnished room to let
HOWARD, 578 — Furnished rooms to let .
HAYES, 399 — Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD. 1935— Furnished room to let
HAYES. 416— Furnished rooms.
HARRISON. 2410. bet 20th and 21st— Sunny
front room -with bath; $6.
HOWARD. 1028— A room to let -' .!
HOWARD. 746— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD; 215— Sunny room to let
HOWARD. 766 — Furnished rooms. '
HAWTHORNE. 180— Sunny furnished or on-
furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 1214— Small furnished room.
HOWARD, 728— Housekeeping rooms. -
HOWARD. 1935— Furnished room to let
HYDE, 509 — Pleasant furnished rooms; central
- location; reasonable.
HYDE, 1549 — A larca sunny front room.
HAWTHORNE. 180— Sunny furnished room.
HOWARD. 704 — Furnished rooms.
«
HOWARD, 1523A— A room to let
HAYE3,' 136. eor. Van Neas ave. — Large sonny
room, suitable for gents; $10.
HARRISON, 7T2— Sunny front room; sultabl*
for 2 gentlemen; bath; closet
JONES, 607— Furnished room to let ~ * il
JULIA, 42 — Furnished room to let
JACKSON. 935 H— Room* to let
JONES. 814— Bunny front single room. $9; not
bath. . '
JESSIE, 6S8— Nloa furnished room.
JESSIE. 472— Furnished room. ; '.
JESSIE. 642 — Sunny furnished double room;
running water; closet; $7 month.
"WANTED — Girl to room in private family. Ap-
ply 921 Jackson st. rear.
KANSAS. 634, nesx Nineteenth — Sunny fur-
nished room; gents only.
KEARNY. 232^ — Furnished room.
KEARNY. 232— Furnished rooms to lat
KANSAS. 634. near NlneteenUi — Sunny room
to let. ■
KATE, 27 — Furnished rooms to lat
KEARNY. 305 — Nice front rooms; flr» place;
also large housekeeping rooms; gas and bath.
KENTUCKY. 1412. Potraro— Furnished rooms.
KISSLINO. 23B. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
A nice front room.
LILY ave., 35— Furnished room to let. A-
A FURNISHED room. Apply SIB Lloyd st
LINDEN ave.. 250— Furnished room to let
LANGTON. 813 — Room to let • - .:-
LILY »ave.. 14 — Furnished room to, let.
LILY ave.. 308^4, near Laguna — Neat, sunny
front room, gas. bath, for lady. $8.
LEA V ENWORTH. 60tM-Snnny room. - -,-";
I LINDEN ave., 282 — A furnished room to let
LEAVENWORTH, 606— Sunny room.
LINDEN ave., 250 — Furnished room to let
LARKIN. 327H— Elegantly furnished, rooms.
LARKIN, 2108 — 3 unfurnished room; sunny.
LINDEN ave,, SIS — Front sunny room.
' LARKIN, 1149— Single and housekeeping
■ rooms. ' •
LARKIN, S06 — Pleasant .furnl.ihed room; sun-
ny; suitable for lady. ... . . ■ .
LARKIN, 723 — Large furnished room, \ bath,
gas, phone: home comforts.
LEAVENWpRTH, 1317— One large front room,
suitable for two\ jrentlemen. - ' ..
LINDEN ave.. 281— A furnished roam to let
LEAVENWORTH. " 314 — Too floor; nicely fur-
nished aunny room; bath and phone; reas-
, ona bio.- ■.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sanay rooms;
$2 10 to $7 week; baths: elevator. ' s
MARKET. 1104 — Sunny furnished front rooms
; to let.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st— 400
single and family rooms 33c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to S8 per week; the only new and medern
hotel and rooming-house In | San Francisco
j ■ that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam beat
in every room and gives free baths . and ele-
vator, service day and night to its guests.
MISSION. 1059 — Furnished ■ housekeeping
" rooms.
MISSION. - 151 4— Furnished 'rooms to let
MISSION. 836— Fine furnished rooms to let ,
MONTGOMERY. 1819— Furnished room
BOOMS -/TO xiiT— Pnrn. «ad *TTsttaau
MARKET. 763 — Furnished room to let ;.
MI3SIOX. 2262— Sunny furnished rooma.'. -.
MISSION. 1012— Furnished room to lat
MARKET. 1007 H— N'lcely furnished rooms to
let ■ >•
MINNA. 022— Furnished rooms to let
MISSION. 810— Furnished rooms. * -'■ "^ ■ .
MISSION. &37A— Furnished rooms. -> -'
MISSION. J030— Two furnished rooms . sad
bath. -■ ■ ■
MINNA. 4C5B — FurnUhed room to leg. ■-. /.."?■ ■»■
MOXTQOMERT. 109— Furnished room.
. \ '
MORRIS ave.. 160—Furnlshed room to It.
MONTGOMERY. 1C0— Furnished housekaeptos;
rooms; t«L Black 8713. • - •
MISSION. 1045— Furnished rooms. . .
McALLISTEat. ■ 405— Furnished room to let.
MARKET. 2174^ — Furnished rooma.
MISSION. 10*2 — Furnished ' room t» laW^-'»"
MARKET. U04— Furnished room. -- •
MARKET. 1108— Furnished room. • - - ' .
MISSION. 12«A— Furnished room. k
MARKET, 1302— Furnished rooms. ■ ■ '• ' '
MISSION. 1706— Furnished rooms. ~\.~
MARKET. 1007 V,— Nice furnished, rooms to let
MISSION, 2788— Furnished room fro rent
MCALLISTER, 1843— Elegantly -. furnished
rooms* • ♦ ■ **.'* **~
MISSION. 1433— Furnished rooms to let.'
MISSION, 1221 — Furnished rooms to let. . ■
MISSION. W7 — Furnished rooms to lat
MISSION. 632— Furnished room.
MONTGOMERY. 100— Furnished rooms.,*. .'■
MONTGOMERY. 10»— Nice single rooms to let.
SICA.LLISTER. aia^Fuxalshed room,
MONTGOMERY, 121— Furnished rooms to 1st
MONTGOMERY. 127— Rooms to let v^>i
MONTGOMERY. 131— Sunny furnished rooma
to let
MARKET. 1773— Rooms to let ' ' .-
MARKET. 1597 — Furnished rooms to -let
MARKET. 1513H — Furnished rooms to- let
MARKET. 1553— Furnished room to lat
MISSION. 1221— Furnished rooms to let
MISSION. 1045— Furnished rooms to 1st
NINTH. 128— Furnished . rooms to lat . .
MINNA. 1030— Furnished rooms to let. -.^4'JJ
MARKET. 1007— Furnished rooms to lat r -
MISSION. 823— Furnished rooms.'
MABON. 1819— One furnished room.
MISSION, 2260— Furnished roornj plenty ot
sun. • ■
MISSION. CIS — Larg* sunny rooms to let
MISSION. 1798— Furnished room to lat
MINNA. 1B7 — Furnished room.
MASON. 1S21— Sunif^ furnished room. -
MINNA. 514— Furnished rooms. «
MISSION. 1055— Nice sunny rooms, $1 73 per
week.
MISSION. B73— Front room; $5.
MISSION. 2243— Furnished rooms.
MoALLISTER. 412. Cat 4 — Bunny front roots.
MoALLISTER. 214 — Pleasant furnished rooms.
MCALLISTER. W4— Rooms to. let
MINNA, 103 — Large room; 2 beds; $3.. *
MISSION. 81ft— Lance furnished room; '
MABON. ISltt— Furnished room.
MINNA. 821— A nlc* sunny room to rant.
MISSION. 968. between Sth and 6th — FumlahM
rooms~t»- let
MINNA.' 659A— Furnished front room far
rent ; " ' * ■- -■-
MINNA, 723 — Roomers wanted. ; - . . - >'
MARKET. 1151— Rooms. i!ng!» or «n.inlts|
also housekaeplng. , |
MARKET, 1509%— Small suany ftxratshed,
room; $i BO. ■ . • .
MASON. 1304 — Furnished room to let . ■' -
MARKET. 1018. oPP.' Fifth— Larg» 'sunny front
' room; also others; $1 23, per week up.
MCALLISTER, 810— Furnished rooms; no soat
cheap; 60o up. . ■■- ■"-
MINNA. 224 — Furnished room to let. .
MASON. 120— Front bay-window room to let
MASON. '218}£— Furnished rooms from $3 per
. week un. '
MINNA. 461— To let. front. room, suitable, for
two gentlemen. . ...
NATOMA. B22 — Furnished rooms to- let . •
NINTH. 104— Furnished rooms to let
NATOMA. 233— Furnished rooms.
NINTH. 110 — Furnished rooms '.to let. ' S
NINTH. '151— Furnished room to let-*.* :
NATOMA. 65— A room to let ■ - '
NATOMA.' 34— A nlco. sunny room to let
NATOMA, 91954, between Tenth and Eleventh
• — A nice front room to It -
NINETEENTH. S608 — Nlca furnished room to
let ■ - '■ - "
NINTH. 115— One furnished room; gentlemen
only; gas, ' * ' ' • "
1
NATOMA. 1031— Furnished room to tot
FURNISHED rooms. -. Apply '632*4 Natonsa st
NOE, 577— A front -pleasant single room.- cheap.
NATOMA. 531— A' alee -sunny room to lai.
NATOMA,. 214— Furnished: room' to : let*.
NOE. 211 — A . furnished room for ■ two; rent
reasonable. ■ . ;. - : -.. -
NOE, 4S1 — Sunny front bey-window, room; gas
range; $9. ■ *
For Additional Classified . Advertise-
ments • See ' Page 48.
4748
atOOatS TO LET — rurn. ana Uafnrn.
NATUMA. .177— Vumlshcd room to let for one
man: rent cheap. " .-'■-'»-
OTAnnELL, 55G— Sunny front room; quiet
block: bus-intss center; reasonable.
OKAHRnLL. 1712 — One sunny front room.
OFAKRELL. 1C54— One sunny back room.
OTAPnELL. C24— Furnished room to let.
<<KAKr.i:L.U 1712 — One sunny front room.
OFARRELL. 1719— Sunny furnished room for
centleman.
OAK. 221— Nice furnished rocm.
O'FARKELL. B56 — Front rooms to let.
OCTAVIA. 161 — Furnished room.
OCTAVIA. 1K>— Furnished rooms.
O'FARRELL, 2034 — Furnished room.
O'FARRELL, 7CP, near Larkln — Large front
rcom.
O'FARRELL, 1408 — 3 sunny front rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; all conveniences.
MOlfflTO IET — Para, and Unfnra.
PAGE. 20 — Neat room; private family; 18.
PINE, 1376, near Larkln — Desirable, clean,
eunnv ruomt; private; reasonable; central.
PRECITA ave.. 163 — Large furnished room.
PERRY. 281— Rooms to let.
POST^ilfcrFumlshed ronnva^,
POWELL, 10C5 — Furnished rooms for rent.
PERRY. S5C — Furnished room.
PERRY. 225 — Furnished room to let.
PAGE, 142S — Furnished rooms to let.
PERRY. 9 — Eunny hall room.
POST. 1064 — Rooms to let.
POWELL. S17 — Furnished rooms.
POLK. 1402 — Large front room; sunny.
POLK, 1*02 — Eunny rocm, suitable for two.
POLK. 1402— Two single rooms; cheap.
PIERCE. <19 — 2 furnished rooms to let.
PINE. 6C8— 2 nice rooms to let.
PAGE, 116 — Furr.lfh*>d rooms.
POST. 700— Surny front parlors.
PINE. 17S5, nr. Van Nees— Well furnished tun-
ry room; all conveniences: private.
POST. 409 — Rooms to let.
POST. 1419 — Furnished rooms.
PERRY. 20U— Rocmt to let.
PERRY. 124 — A furnished room to let.
PAGE, ISM — Nicely furnished room.
PINE. S33 — Trf-ee unfurnished rooms; bath;
f^O per month.
PO?T. *>1S — Fv:rn:Fho<l rooms to let.
POWELL. 12S— Rocms to let.
— -— — I
POST. 24?6 — Rooms to let. ;
I
POST, sr.5 — Small single room; $5. !
POST. 2434— Rooms to let.
PERRY. 223— Rccms to let.
P. 1124 — A nice, sunny room.
PO'A'EI.L. 1S13 — Rocm to let.
PAGE, IfiSl — Newly furniehed room.
POST. 2563— A furnished room.
POST. 217 — Choice furnished rooms.
ROOMS FOR RENT. •
The Pacinc Coa« Room Rentinr Agency has
opened office* at 2«> Post st. If you want a
room, suite of rooms or flat call and see uj>.
We can furnifh you furnished or unfurnished j
rooms end save you time, trouble and money, i
Full dffcr'.ptlcn. prices, etc. .phone John C581.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights; |
reeCing-reom. smoking-room and ladies' par- i
lor: rocms per night, lie to $1 &O; week. $2 I
to tb, month. $S to (30; elevator on ground i
floor; rooms with hot in! cold water; baths. I
'- 1 j
Rt-'SS. 116 — Furnijhed rooms. I
RAILROAD ave.. 124, gan Mateo— Furnished !
room to let. I
RAUSCH, 71— Sunny furnished room to let.
KLVER, 1S1 — A aic« furnished room.
SILVER. 1*8 — A nice furnished room.
SIXTEENTH. 281S — Furnished room, to let.
6TBVENSON. 2C1— bunny room to let.
gL'TTER. J»75 — Suitable for doctor's or den-
ti*t's office; furnished front and back par-
lors; private family; references required.
6UTTER. t»33 — Furnlehed and housekeeping
rooms trrn $>, up.
6nUTH PARK. Ct— Furnished room.
SOUTH PARK. 113— Furnished rooms.
SECOND, 421— Furniehed rocm.
SAN BRUNO ave.. 1470— Sunny furnished
rocms to leu
EIXTH. 1.20— Rooms to let.
STOCKTON. IMC— Furnished room.
EACUAXENTO, 1601— Two furnished rooms to
let. .,...- •
EECOICD. 212 — Furnished rooms to let.
STEVENSON. 13C3— Room to let.
STEVENSON. C33 — Sunny furnished double
rooms.
EUTTER, 309 — Furnished room.
SIXTH. 520^ — Nice furnished rooms to let.
BTEVENSON, 641 — Furnished room.
STOCKTON. 317 — Furnished rooms to let.
ETOCKTON, 230^ — Furnished rooms.
SOUTH PARK. 1 ISA —Furnished rooms.
EUTTER. 201S — Furnished room to let.
SACRAMENTO. 1301— Rooms to let.
SECOND. 205 — Furnished rooms to let.
RTEVENSON. CSS— Furnished rooms ;
SEVENTEENTH. 3C41— Rooms to let.
SEVENTEENTH. niUS^Rooms to let.
SEVENTEENTH. ::.*.7G— Rooms to let.
8ANCHEZ, 1KT— Furnished room to let.
BOOMS TO LET — nun. and TJnftirn.
SUTTER, 72-1 — Furnished rooms to let.
SIXTEENTH, 2S»0. near Howard— 1 sunny
front room. $0 per month.
STEVENSON. £58— Single rcom for rent.
STOCKTON, 1530— A iumlshcd room to let.
SIXTH. 444— Furnished room to let. ;
SOUTH PARK. 84— Furnished rooms.
TREAT ave.. 1232— Furnished rooms.
SIXTEENTH. 325S— Rooms. ,
STOCKTON, 1315 — Roomers wanted.
STEVENSON. 225— Furnished room to let.
SIXTEENTH. 2S22— Sunny furnished room.
SEVENTH AVE.. 55S— Sunny room; bath; gas.
SILVER, 159%— Furnished rooms.
SHIPLEY. 197 — Furnished room to let
FURNISHED rooms. Apply 140 Seventh st.
STEINER. 123 — Front and back parlor suite;
j modern flat.
SIXTH. 221 — Chanced hands. Single rooms,
$1 25; double. ?1 50.
SECOND, 37 — Rooms at the Webb House.
STEVENSON. 620 — Cheap sunny rooms, single
o." double, with grate.
SHOTWELL, 507 — Furnished room for gentlt-
rnan.
STEVENSON. 707}J. nr. Ninth— Nicely fur-
nished single rooms: $1 25 week.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
KLECTRC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TURK, 123 — Clean, sunny, furnished rooms,
with or without board; $5 up.
TURK. 2010 — Furnished rooms.
TENTH. 144— Furnishe-1 rooms. [
THIRD ave.. 232— Rooms to let. |
TEHAMA. 327— Neat front room to let. !
TENTH. 123— Furnished rocms to let. [
ROOMS to let. Inquire at 304 Third st.
TENTH. 125 — Furnished rocms.
THIRD. 75 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 78 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD, 87 — Furnished rooms.
THIRTEENTH, 23S — Nice sunny rooms; good
neighborhood : reasonable.
THIRD. 32S— Furnished rooms.
TENTH. 452 — Furnished room to let.
TURK. 1608— Furnished room.
TEHAMA. 330— Furnished rooms to let.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3861— Nicely furnished
double parlor. $2 50 week.
j TURK. 312 — Nice, room for rent.
I THIRD. 850— Room to let.
TURK. 1C9S — Furnirlied rooms.
THIRD. 440 — FumUhed rooms.
TENTH. 32SVa— Nicely furnished room.
TAYLOR. 510— Sunny front rooms; reasonable.
TURK. 325— Furnished room, SS; $11 Sor two
young men.
TAYLOR, 510— Sunny front rooms; running I
water; reasonable. <
TWO nice, furnished rear i rooms on Golden
Gate ave.. near Scott St.. north side of
etreet. Address Box 2402. Call office.
THIRD. 303 — Room to let. nicely furnished;
all conveniences. . . -^
i .
J TURK. 2013— Nice furnished rooms. ,
i THIRD. 56— Rooms to let at the Winchester.
I ■
. THIRTEENTH, 40 — Furnished rooms.
I : — .
I THIRD, 419— Furnished room.
TAYLOR. 709, near Sutter — Sunny furnished
; rcom for 1 or 2; $9 per month. ; -
THIRD. 344%— Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD. 214 — Furnished room to let.
THIRD. 41— Rooms to let.
TEHAMA. 42fl — * unfurnished rooms with
large yard: $12 K>.
THIRTEENTH. 40— Front furnished single
room.
TEHAMA. 153— Rooms to let.
THIRD. 233 — Rooms to let.
TEHAMA. 168 — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD, 16— Rooms to let.
THIRD. 73— Rooms to let at the "Wellington.
ITEHAMA, 312% — Nicely furnished room;
cheap. ___^__
I . , — . — -■ ; ; :
TEHAMA. 448— Furnished rooms. ■
THIRD. 10C% — Room to let.
THIRD. 135— Rooms to leC
THIRD. 3S0— Furnished rooms.
TEHAMA, 215%— Nicely furnished front room
to let; cheap. i
TEHAMA. 207 — Nice sunny front room to let.
THIRD. 23— Rooms to let. ' '- ■
THIRD. 75— Furnlshtd room to let.
TWENTIETH. 3331 — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD. 83 — Rooms to let.
TEHAMA. 62— Furnished room.
TEHAMA. 6S — Furnished rooms to let.
TURK, 10S% — Large,, sunny, front room; bay
window; suitable for lady or two men. "
TURK. 325— Furnished room to let.
TAYLOR. C24 — Good furnished rooms; m nloe
location. " -
TURK. 4C4 — Furnished rooms to let; location
central. - -
TURK. 115S — Furnished rooms in newly fur-
nished flat. - •• - - -
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy. nr. Marketr-400
. roomr 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights ino gas), running water in every
room: elevator, rend. -room; tree bus; baggage.
UTAH, 533. near ISth — Housekeeping ' rooms;
$12; in cotU;e.
VALENCIA, 1497— Furnished rocm.'
VALLEJO, SC — Two sunny rooms to let.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
BOOMS TO IiST — Turn, and Unfurn. j
I VALLEJO. 342— Nicely furnished room. - -".>.,">• ■''.. /
! VAN NESS, 211 — Nicely furnished rooms. Call
1 11 to 2 for one week.
FURNISHED roo~m~to let. Apply 1CS Van
Ness ave. ,
VALENCIA. 410- -Room to let. . '
VASSEROT place, 0 — Sunny room to let.
VAN NESS ave.. 510 — Large sunny room.
VALENCIA, S74A— Nice bay-window room;
I sun, running water, use of- bath; rent reas.
VALLEJO. 423— Rooms to le^ ■
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
3Sc to *1 BO n:ghtly; 12 to $8 week; elevator:
elec lights ; reading-room: free bus: baggage.
WALLER 1747— Bright, cheerful rooms, pri-
vnte family; one block from Haight-st. en-
trance to Park. •
WALNUT ave., 12— Furnished rooms.
WEBSTER. 15.18 — Furnished room for young
man; private fnmlly.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market St.. , opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ■ .
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
1 Coll 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for *l,
postage paid.
HOTEL L'AIGLON, 001 Geary St.— Large
; sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2
I $3u ino.: single, with board. |23 up; special
! lamlly rates; just renovated^ -
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 10.11. near Jefferson
Park — Furnished front room; bath; good I
. board; $20 and $2.'!; two. ?32 and $3U month, j
. LRAVENWORTH, 1023— Sunny rooms with '
' board. $7) 50 up; good home cooking; bath; .
phone: central. j
1 |
OFAP.RELL. C21 (The Comora)— Well located;
I large c rounds: best table and scrvic-:; bil-
! Hard-room. ,
PEASANT Funny front 'room with or without ]
board. Call afternoons from 1 to 5 p. m., !
330 Tehama st. j
VAN NESS ave., S50 — Suites and sinsie room*,
with or ' without board; use parlor, piano,'
phone. '
CALIFORNIA, b07 — Best :oom>. table anJ
terviee in the city for the 1»h«» money.
ELLIS, 453 — Fine furnished rooms In pood lo-
j cation; fine French table board I* reasonable.
! FELL. C20 — Sunny front furnished room; pri- j
vate family. j
j GUERRERO. 214 — 3 nice sunny front room*,
single or suites; phone, piano; board optional.
i LARGE, beautiful, sunny double rooms, with
board; reas.; run. water. 30(5 Leavenworth. ,
I LARKIN, ft.14— Room for two; private family;
with or without board. !
MASON, 615A, near Sutter— Sunny front
rcom; board if desired.
MASON. 1527— Private furnished rooms, with ',
or without board; references. • 1
NEWLY furnished rooms, all sunny; hot and
cold water; board If desired. 1155 Octavia.
OCTAVIA, 418— Room with or without board.
i PAGE. 254 — Table board; home cooking.
j PINE. 1743 — Sunny, beautiful rooms with ex-
i cellent board.
| RAUSCH. S5 — Good home for old people;
plenty of everything; terms reasonable.
ROOMS and board. 1450 Jackaon st.
— z
I ROOMS and board. 172S Sutter st.
TURK. 1159 — Pl?asant rooms, new flat; table
board for gentlemen.
TWENTY-FOURTH. "174 — Sunny front room, ,
with or without board. ;
————— __^ — — — _ — — i
A WKF.K'3 news for 5 cents— The Weekly Cell, i
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year,
BOOMS AND BOABS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN, tired of hotel life, desires room
and board in private family affording pleas-
ant society. Box 244G. Call. • I
STRANGER wishes room and board In private
family; give particulars. Box 2302, Call.
BOOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wants quiet, sunny furnished
| room with refined people who love home life:
. board optional; permanent; state price and
i particulars. Box 2870. Call.
WANTED — Three rooms near Kearny and
Market. . Address box 2970, Call office.
WANTED — A nicely furnished room within a
few minutes' walk Call bldg. Box 1167. Call.
ROOM wanted In private family In exchange
piano and mandolin lessons. Box 2402, Call.
WANTED — Furnished room; steam heat; bath;
must be reasonable. Box 2073,- Call. -
REFINED lady wants pleasant sunny room;
use of piano; $8 to $10. Box 1168, Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th»
TJnit««1 States or Canada one year for SI.
STUTTEBINQ^ ANP^STAMMEBINa^
EXPANSION OF MELBOURNE SCHOOLS—
Downtown, S21 Franklin, near McAllister, 8
' to 12. Open-air school, 810 Diamond st. ; tel.
Capp 5173; 1 to 0 P. m. Details at either.
8EWTWO^gACm^S^A»gP STOP^C.IES.
' IF you buy a White for a Christmas gift you
make no mistake; you not only get the best
j eewlng machine on earth, but also a beauti-
' ful and useful Christmas present. White
Co.'s office, 915 Market st. * " J •
MAKE Christmas with a gift of a White; btst
sewing machine on earth; prices from $10 to
$100; pay only $3 per month If you wish.
The new retail office of the White Is at 015
Market st.
ALL makes; 2d hand, $2. $5. $7. $9: n*w,$4, $8;
drop heads, 5 drawer, golden oak, $15: rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
6. M. Co.. 148 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3798.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is chei*est; second-hand all makes at any
• price: kil klnde rented lowest rates. Domes-
| tic office. If2l Market St.. near Sixth. /
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $3. $8; slightly,
used $10 $15, $20; you know where the dolls
twin* In the window. J 051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
i««d. CHAB. PLAMBECK. 1015 Mission st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — Th« Weekly Call.
' IK rasre*. In wrapper, for maJllnr. SI per year.
ALMOST given away — Storage pianos and fur-
niture dirt cheap to pay storage. WHITE-
HEAD'S Storage, 1636 Market; open even-
Ings. \ . -.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice— Car fine new
pianos In storage; slightly ' damaged by R.
- R. wreck; less than $100; pianos guaranteed;
open eves. Whltehead's Storage, 1038 Market.
A— EMPORIUM Etorage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped.': 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 181,
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.:
phone Mint 2941; 'JOHN F. COOPEK " pres. ;
- furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
floe Post and Pcwell st». : tel. Pri. Ex. 071.
PACIFIC Storage and ' Furniture Moving 1 Com-
pan). 2320 FlUmore ' st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKIN8 Van and Storage Co. . 11 Montgomery
at.; tel. Main 1640. . Shipping at cut rates.
STOP DBINXIWG.
GUARANTEED cure: «nd v 60c; tablet form;
mallei In claln package;: has cured thou-
ssnds. L. L. C. CO..< 417 Hayward bldg.. 8.F.
TYPEWRITERS AND STTPPMEg.
AN exceptionally good ■ No. 2 Remington. No.' 1
Smith .Premier. $25;- other' typewriters at
- higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st. . j
2D-HAND ' typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
.Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.7 508 Market.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages.' sent to any address in • the
United States or Canada one year: for $1. -
ALL' outstanding ' bills against - restaurant 73
McAllister St.." must: toe- presented before
December 14, 1904, as I will sell - out en that
date. GEORGE MEGICA.
! MARRIAGE LICENSES.
■:■'.'■ ' ' . " ': '* :
Marriage licenses were if sued yesterday as
follows: - .
Franklin T. Ilainer, 21. 548 Stockton etreet,
and Adelina C. Trautner, 18, 548 Stockton st.
Joseph' Budall. 21, 5C0 Eddy etreet. and Mary
L. S., Harper, 18, 180S Sutter street.
Charles M. Reeves 25, Charleston, S. C,
and Flora M. Watson 30, 3021 Clay street.
Allen M. Gilmer, 27, Portland, Or., and
Roselle Brentano. 20, Jacksonville, Or.
Thomas S. Dalton. 37. 236 First street, and
Mamie O'Hara. 27 Martinez. :
Frank P. Berge'r, 32 city, and Anna O.
Hokanson. 24. city. : * ;
John F. . Brennen, 21 431 Bush street, and
Harriet Cottier, 18, 15«» California street.
William H. Morris, 36 828 Stockton street,
and Juanlta Robinson, 10, 828 Stockton street.
Ernest Hutchison 25, Oakland, and Anna
Capaln* 20, Oakland'
Jean F. Molsan, 27, 815 Jackson street, and
Louise Bonal, 24, 814 Jackson street. . * /
John R." Cordova, 26, Sulsun, and Nellie'E.
Gutlerez, 21, Gilroy. . . '
Harold P. Lund, 27 822 Folsom street, .and
Gertrude E. Waldsteln 20,- 1492 Fulton street.
James A. Flfl«ld, 24, San Luis Oblspo, and
Iva F. Hammell, 21, Lakeport.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHi
■\ . :-•''': " ■ ■ .. ■■
Birth, ma rriacre and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ba
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of chars*;. ■ : '
BORX. . .
CORNET— In this city. December 10. 1004, to
the wife of Dr. George Cornet, a daughter.
DONLAN— In this city. December 5, 1904, to
the wife of Thomas Dontan, a daughter.
DUNNE— In this city, November 27. 1004, to
the wife of Fred F. Dunne, a daughter.
GOLDBERG— In this city December 8, 1001,
to the wife of I. J. C. Goldberg (nee Jessen),
a sen. :-;. ■
GUNNISON— In this city. December 10. 1004.
to the wife of Frank S. Gunnison, a daugh-
ter.
HENRIKSEN— In this city. November 27, 1904,
to the wife of L. P. Henriksen, a daughter.
MACK— In this city. November 20. 1004, to
the wife of Jacob Mack (formerly Hattle
Hcnslry), a son.
MAHER— In this city, November 28, 1004.
to the wife of James J. Maher, a daughter.
MARTIN— In this city. December 10. ]»04, to
the wife of • J. Lytle Martin, a daughter.
MCLAUGHLIN— in this city. December 8.
1904, to the wife of W. Earl McLeughlln,
a son.
MURRAY— In this city. November "22. 1004,
to the wife of William H. Murray, a son.
SCHWARZ— In this city, November 2W, 1904,
to the wife of Charles Schwarz. a daughter.
ST. JOHN— In this city. November 20, 1004.
to the wife of William H. St. John, a
daughter.
VAN WINKLE— In San Mateo. Cal.. Novem-
ber 27, 1004, »o the wife of J. S. Van Winkle,
a daughter.
VARNHAGEN— In this city.. December 0, 1004,
to the wife of Jacob Varnhagen, a daughter.
WOLTEItS — In this city, to the wife of Adolph
WoKers, c son.
JIARRIED. . — ~~
BERNDT— PFEII — In this city, by the Rev.
C. Ruffs, Emil A. Berndt of Honolulu. H. I..
and. Liii Pieil of Portland. Or.
BURCHARD— SCHMALING— In this city. No-
vember 19. 1904. by the Rev. Father Mc-
Aullffe, Ernest 11. Burchard and Justlna A.
Schmallnr.
CRUIKSHANK— IRVING— In this city. De-
ccmber 3, 1004, Robert McDowell Cruikshank
and Ida M. Irving,, both of this city.
HUTCHISON — CAPAIN — In this city, Decem-
ber lft. 1004, by the Rev. Edwin K. Brown,
Ernest Hutchison and Anna Capatn. both
of Oakland.
LANE— ATCHISON— In this city, at 909 Do-
lores street, December 7, 1004. by the Rev.
James H. N. Williams, Frank Wright Lane
and Laura Adell Atchlson, both of this city.
McDEVITT— GIBBONS— In this city, at St.
John's Church, by the Rev. Father Butler.
Charles W. .McDevltt and Edith E. Gibbons,
both of San Francisco.
PATTERSON— LEARY— At San Rafael. Cal..
December 7, 1004. John F. Patterson and
Mabel A. Leary. both of San Francisco.
~™~ DIED.
Burhans, Wm. J.— GO Levy, Solomon— 84
Campbell. P. H.— 55 Llllenthal, Ernst— 55
fahlll. William— 20 Long, Lemuel F. — 73
»:alice. Lena— 2 Malmberg:, John F.— 04
Carman, Clara — 78 McKee, Archibald — 13
Connor, Patrick Murray, Richard — 75
Day. Laura Ivy — 2 Paulson, Chan. J. — 75
Dempsey. John H. — (5 Pecarich John — 34
Feeley, William— 64 Pelton, Hazlltt W.— 2
Fltzslmmons.W. H.— 2fl,Planeich, Lucy M.— 20
Flaherty. James— 72 Randolph, Minerva W.
Frey, R«inhold— T4 7» " '
Gleaaon, Edward H.— 5 Regan. Patrick J. — 38
Gould, Corinne. - Repsold. Gustava— 33
Hcnrloulle, Stephanie — Panboro, Allan P. — 50
24 Schwebs, Frank A.— 27 i
Hicks, Ella J.— 61 Stevenu, Samuel S.— 25
Hogan, Catherine — 57 Taylor Wealthy — 70
Jacob, Hannah— tt8 Walker.Marguerltei-^eB
Kaufman. Sarah — 35 Wells. Asn R. — 75 " j
Kelly. Leslie T— 8 mos. Wynne, Henry.
Kleer^ Henry — 18
BURHAXS— In- tliis -city. December ,8. 1004,
at his residence, 417 Turk street, William
. John, dearly beloved husband of Maria Bur-
hans, . and loving father of William C.
Eugene P. and Paulina M. Burhans, and
beloved brother of Herman J. Burhans. a
native of Schermbeck bel We.«el. Germany, j
aged 60 years 11 months and 5 -days. A j
member o£ St. Peter's D. It. ' K. Unter-
stutzungs Vereln: San Francisco Branch
No. 1U7. Catholic Knights of America, and
Vereln Elntracht. . . • . . .
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are" respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 t p. m., at St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jone9 and Leavenworth streets. A re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated Monday,
December 12, at above church, commencing
at 8 a. m.. for the repoee of his soul.
Friends arc invited to attend. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAMPBELL — In this city. December 9, 1904,
Patrick, H. Campbell, a native of Ballin-
amuck, County Longford, Ireland, - aged 55
years. A member of Court Apollo No. 7802,
A. O. F.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at '12:30 p. m.. sharp, from the
parlors of James McMenomy & Son, 1057
Mission . street, opposite new Postofflce,
_ thence to St. Joseph's Church for services,
i commencing at 1 o'clock, sharp. Interment
Holy Cross 1 Cemetery- " ■ . •
CAH1LL — In South Vallejo. December 9, 1004.
William, dearly beloved son of Martin and
Elizabeth Cahlll. and brother .of John,
Henry, Julia, Margaret and Lizzie Cahlll,
Mrs. John O'Rourke of San Francisco and
the late Laura and Caroline Cahlll, a native
of Vallejo. azed 20 years 11 months and 2
days.
E7Fr!ends and acqualntancees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 11. at 0 a. m.. from the family
residence, 621 Bay street. South. Vallejo,
thence to St. Vincent's Church for services.
Interment St. Vincent's Cemetery. Vallejo.
CALICE — In this city, December 10, 1904, Lena
■ Calice, beloved daughter of Antoine-and Anna
Calice, and sister of Gertrude Calice, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 years 7 months
and 8 days. .....
S7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 13, at 1 o'clock p. m., from th«
residence of her parents, 420 Broadway, be-
tween Montgomery and Kearny ■ streets. In-
terment Italian Cemetery.
CARMAN— In' this city, December 10, 1004, at
her residence, 2421 Clement ■ street, - between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth avenues,
Clara Carman, beloved wife of the late Ja-
son A. Carman, , mother of William .O.* and
Benjamin F. Carman and grandmother of
Mrs. A. Elliott and William J. Carman, a
native of Ohio, aged 78 years 3 months and
10 days. (Ohio papers please copy.) . .
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 3. o'clock p. m., at
the Crematory Chapel at Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery.
CONNOR— In Ocean View Cal., December 9,
Patrick Connor, beloved father of Mrs. J.
Ferren and David Connor, a native of Ire- I
4and. i ■■-: '
(ErThe funeral will take 'place to-day
(Sunday), at 1 p. m., from his late residence.
52 Broad street. Ocean View, thence to. St.
Michael's Church, for services. A requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul Monday, December 12, ; at 8 o'clock a.
m., at St. ■ Michael's Church. . Friends arc
invited to (. attend. Interment Holy Cross,
Cemetery. -
DAY— In this city, December 10, 1904. Laura
Ivy, • beloved . daughter of : Bedford - E. and
Mabel T. Day , , and eister : of Alice V. and
Beatrice I. Day. a native of San Francisco.
:age-d 2 years 11 months and IS days; ;.. •
J ttp" Friends and I acquaintances ( are . respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 a. m.'. from the home ot
HENRY j; CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flanna««n * Gallagher).
' ? 'DANIEL P.-DONOVAN, M*r- ■ :
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
j 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
-•■ "*■-^ -Telephone Sonth 80. ' ' .; -.' ',
UNITED | UNDERTAKERS;
Funeral . Directors and Embalmers ' "-
v*.-'- Formerly: In Metropolitan ■ Temple,' " •' i
; NOW at 8C6 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
, . Between . Fourth . and Fifth,* near ' Fifth mU
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. J. Monahan. Manager. -Tel. Mission 31.
monahan; : o'hara::& go.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS^AND EMBALMERS.
■ ■ 2339-2341 - Mission st.; . near Nineteenth. r -
San Francisco.
--■'■ . (
e» vsSMsf V V Wud a JLt Jb^v^s* sB O e» »ssr >a^ »s» T x«»y
Or Renew Your Subscription to
DESCRIPTION OF THE—
■PtIjrMh? fl^ Vpji iB^ ■tv^vwbWb P*^jBffla>r Fv9 E^H i-sKl Evil KS^vjriBj^ E*3 VsJ^ JBg^ EL I ?■.*! ?"fj ssvl rcf fe*W X -w ''I V f
- - , -
Six (6) Rose Plants Given FREE With
a SIX MONTHS' Subscription to The
Daily San Francisco Call
The CALL, with its usual enterprise and interest in its readers, arranged over a year ago
with the largest growers of ROSES in the world to plant and grow especially for the CALL read-
ers, under our direct supervision, several hundred thousand ROSE plants (twenty different va-
rieties) of the latest, most fragrant and beautiful ROSES to be obtained, and is now prepared to
place these plants in the hands of its patrons, free of all cost and ready to plant in growing con-
dition.
Your Choxe of Six (6) of the Following List of Plants From Which to Select:
No. i Mile. C. Berthod, yellow. No. n Mrs. R. B. Cant, crimson scarlet.
" 2 Bride, white. " 12 President Carnot, blush rose.
" *3 Bridesmaid, pink. " Aurora, silver pink.
" 4 Maman Cochet, pink. *' 14 Meteor, crimson.
" 5 Cornelia Cook, white. " 15 Marie Von Houtte, cream blush tints.
" 6 Etoile de Lyon, yellow. " 16 Ivory, snowy white.
" 7 Catherine Mermet, soft pink. " 17 Golden Gate, white, pink boraer.
fj 8 Clothilde Soupert, pink, deep, center. " 18 Mile. Lambard, salmon pink.
" 9 Helen Gould, red. . " 19 Empress Eugenie, silver pink.
" 10 Mile. F. Kruger, fawn and creamy pink. " 20 Elsie Hevman, salmon pink.
ALL PLANTS WILL BE DELIVERED IN GOOD CONDITION. Each and ever?
plant delivered through this offer is at least one year old, absolutely healthy, and will if planted
during this Winter produce its first supply of roses during £hc Summer of 1905. The varieties or
ROSES included in this offer are the very latest and are unequaled for fragrance and beauty.
When Ordering, Indicate the Six Roses Which You Prefer by Stating Their Numbers I
her parentR, 510A Connecticut street, be-
tween Twentieth and Twenty-first. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
DEMPSEY— In this city, December 10. 1004,
John Henry Dempsey, beloved husband of
Mattle Dempsey, and beloved son of Mrs.
Skerry, a native of San Francisco, azed 45
years 2 months and 24 days.
FITZSIMMONS — In this city, December 10,
1004, William H., dearly beloved son of Mary
and the late James Fitzslmmonn. and brother
of John Fltzslmmons. Mrs. J. McKenna,' Mrs.
Charles O'Malley. Mrs. E. J. Ford and Mrs.
S. G. Pope, a native of San Francisco, aged
26 years 10 months and 5 days. •
FLAHERTY— In this city. December 10, lOOt,
James, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Flaherty 'and beloved father of W. T., M.
J., Mary, Kate, Margaret and Agnes Fla-
herty, a native of County Sligo, Ireland, aged
72 j-ears.
. E7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
FEELEY — In this city. December 8, 1004,
- William, beloved husband cf the late Cath-
erine Feeley, and lovlne father of Willie
Cormlck, Thomas, James, Johnnie and Annie
Feeley and the late Mary Curren, anJ
brother of Cormlck Feeley, and grandfather
of Mary and Kate Curren, a native of Ire-
land, aged t!4 years and 0 months.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully -Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 p. m., from his late resi-
dence 116 Erie street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for service* at 1 'p. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FREY — In this city. Relnhold Frey. father of
I Mrs.' C. Russell. Mrs. J. Hanlon, and Henry,
Herman and Gustave Frey, a native of
Darmstadt, Germany, aged 74 years 8
months and 5 days.
K7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services at
Martin's parlors, 319 O'Farrell street, at 2
o'clock, Monday. Interment Presidio Ceme-
tery. ■ ' .
GLEASON— In this city, December 10, 1004.
Edward Hermann, dearly beloved son of
James P. and Katherlne E. Gleason, and
brother of Walter. James P. Jr. and Ruth
Gleason, aged 5 years 6 months and 13 days.
GOULD — In this city, December 10, 19O4,
Corinne, beloved wife of William H. Goula.
-mother of ■ Arthur Gould, -beloved daughter
of Louis W. and Johanna S. Mayer, and sis-
ter of Mrs. R. Rector and Fred D., Lew
B.. ; Tress and Birdie Mayer, a native of El
. Dorado County, Cal.
HENR1OULLE — In this city, December 6.
1004. Stephanie (Nina), dearly beloved and
only daughter of Gregoire and Felicie Hen-
rloulle, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years. . • • ...-.-
(CTTriends 1 and acquaintances are respect-
fully , Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
. December. 11, at 12:15 p. m.. from the resi-
dence of .. her oarcnts, - 671 A Minna . street,
thence to the Church of Notre Dame des
■ Vlctolres • Bush street,, near Stockton, for
services, 'commenclnir. at 1 p. in. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HICKS— In this city, December 8. 1004. Ella
J... dearly beloved, wife of the late Charles
' H. Hicks, and devoted mother of Mrs. A. , T .
Holmes, Mrs. .Dave Jones, Mrs. R. C. Cun
ningham and Carl P., Ralph W. and Lottie
■ Hicks, & native of Cambridge, Ohio, aged 61
' years 0 months and 20 days. (Auburn papers
.please copy.) . ;•>
C7 Friends and acquaint ancees are respect-
fully Invited . to attend the services
. to-day (Sunday), at 3 p. m..\ at the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment Au-
." burn, Cal... ; ' • ■
HOGAX— In this . city. . December 8, 1904.
Catherine, beloved wife of- the - late . Patrick
Hogan, and beloved . mother of Edward' P.
: and Margaret Elizabeth Hogan, ' a native of
County Waterf ord, "; Ireland, aged 57 years.
: (Oakland and Boston papers please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral - to-day
. (Sunday), at 12. o'clock, from her late resl-
' denes. 148 Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ■.-,.' . . ;
JACOB — In this city, December 8. 1004.
Hannah, ■ widow "of the late .Manhelm Jacob,
and ■ mother of Rebecca and Hymen Jacob,
. Mr*. T.Thorner-and Mrs. A. C. Springer, a
- . native of . Germany, , aged ■ 68 years 7. months
and 7 days.
tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully . Invited, to , attend the funeral Sunday,
December 11, at 10 a.m.. from her late resi-
dence, 5>621 I-ncuna street. . Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, via : the 11:30 a. m.
.. train from Third and Townsend streets depot.
KAUFMAN-^-In .Tacoma, 'Wash., December 9
1004, Sarah, beloved wife of Herman Kauf-
man," and ■ devoted mother of ; Dorothy Dan-
haueer and Elsie Kaufman, daughter of Mrs
Bertha Klaber and sister of Herman Klaber!
a native : of San - Francisco, , aged 35 years
(New York -and Philadelphia papers " please
. copy.) • • •
, "CV Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend: the funeral Tuesday,
pecember 13. Interment Salem Cemetery,
San Mateo County, via the 9 a. m. electric
funeral car, foot of Market street. Ferry de-
pot.
KLEEN— In this city. December 8. 1904, at
his tesldence. 2S03 Sixteenth street, corner
Folsom, Henry, dearly beloved husband of
Dorette Kleen. and loving father of Anna
M. Kleen. and brother of Mrs. C. C. Butt
and Mrs. A. Meinecke. a native of Bremer-
voerde. Germany, aeed 4S years 2 months
and 24 days. A member of Germania Club.
. Mission Turn Vereln and Bremervoerde
Vcreln.
d/" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). December 11, from Union-square
Hall, 421 Post street, between Powell and
Mason, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 1 p. m. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, December 10, 1904, Les-
, lie T., dearly beloved son of James A. and
Mollie Kelly, grandson of Mrs. M. Ward and
Mrs. E. Kelly, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 months and 1 day.
LEVY— In this. city, December 0, 1004. Solo-
mon Levy, beloved husband of Gusta Levy,
and father of Bernard. Mark D. and Charles
Levy, Mrs. Albert Samuels and Eraanuel
Levy, a native of Plock, Poland, azed 84
years.
(C7Friend9 and acqualntancees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. December 11, at 10 a. m., at his
late residence. 1025 Washington street,
thence to Salem Cemetery for Interment, via
11:30 a. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets. Please omit flowers.
LILIENTHAL — In this city, December 8. 1904,
' Ernst, beloved husband of the late Minna
Llllenthal, end devoted father of Mrs.
Charles D. Manrels, Mrs. E. W. Gunther
and - Henrv and Minnie f Llllenthal. a
native of Germany, aged 55 years 1 month
and 24 days. A member of Keystone Lodge
No. 2107, Knijrhts of Honor.
E7Fnends and acquaintancees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). December 11, at 1 p. m.. from his
late residence, 1013 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment Mount'
' Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
LONG — In this city, December 10. 1904 at
his residence. 2170 Geary street. Lemuel F.
Long, late of Mendocino County. Cal., a
native of New Hampshire, aged 73 years 6
months and S days.
C7Funeral from his late residence, 2170
Geary street, to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock.
" Interment private.
MALMBERG— In this city, December 9, 1904.
j John F.. dearly beloved husband of Amanda
Malmberg. and devoted father - of Lottie,
Marie and Albtti Malmberg, Mrs. Fred
Almond, Gus C. Westerberg and the late
William F. Westerberg, a native of Kals-
krona, Sweden, ttgeU ' t>4 years 1 month and
27 days. ' A member of Scandinavian So-
ciety. San - Franclico.
ICTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Sun-
day), at 1:30 P- m.. at his late residence. lt»
Vicksburg street, off Twenty-second, between
Church and Sanchez. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
McKEE— In this city. December 10. 1904.
Archibald McKee. beloved son of the late
Alexander and Ann McKee, father of Eddie
McKee and brother of James. Alexander and
Thoma.4 McKee, Mrs. Hughes and Mrs. Loeb-
ing, a native of Sierra County, Cal.. aVd 43
years 1 month and 26 days.
MURRAY— In this city. December 8. 1904,
Richard Murray, a native of the parish of
Bohermeec. County Meath. Ireland, aged 75
years and 5 months.
(CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:45 a. m.. from the parlors of
J C. O'Connor & Co., ~t>7 - Mission street,
thence to St. , Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
. pose- of his soul, at 9 a. m. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery, Presidio.
PAULSON— In Berkeley, Cal.. December 0,
1904, Charles J. Paulson, beloved husband of
the late Cecelia Paulson, and father of Mrs.
Lena Hertzell. late Mrs. Hilda Stork. Mrs.
J. C. Nickum, Annie Paulson. J. H. Paulson
and E. T. Paulson, a native of Sweden,
■ atfed 75 years 1 month and 8 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend U\e funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 p. m.. from 1933 Delaware
. street. Berkeley. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. HIssKlplslBHwHBQRttwsS
PECARITH— In this city, December 9, 1904.
John, dearly beloved husband of Dlnka
Pecarich, and lovlnsr father of- Katie and
Antonette Pecarlch. and brothcr-ln-law of
Vincent and Jerry Fabrls, and son of Nlcolo
and Katie Pecarlch of • Vis, Dalmatia. Aus-
tria, a native of Vis. Dalmatla, Austria,
aged 34 years 7 months and 21 days.
C7Frlends and acqualntancees are respect -
- full v invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 1 p. m., at his late
. residence, S1U Green street, between Mason
i- and • Taylor. -Interment Italian Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. : . : ?
PELTON— In this city December 9. 19O*.
Hazlitt William Pelton. beloved son of Haz-
lltt Lee and Aimee Eugenie Pelton. a native
of San Francisco, agetl 2 years t» months and
6 days.
C7Frien'l<» and acqualntancees are respect-
fully invite.1 to attend the funeral Sunday.
December 11. at 0:43 a. m., from his' lat»
residence. 41OA Oak street. Interment pri-
vate. Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
PLANCICH— In this city. December 10. 1004.
Lucy Maud, beloved wife of Nicholas A
Plancich. and beloved daughter of Mrs Katn-
erlno Davies. a native of Iowa aged 20
years 4 months and 4 days.
E^Remaina at the mortuary chapel of,th»
Golden Gare Undertaking Company, 2473
.Mission etreet, near Twenty-first. Remains
will be at the above chapel until Sunday
night. Interment at Santa Cruz.
RANDOLPH — At the residence of her soa.
Major B. H. Randolph. Presidio. Minerv»
W'llcox. widow of the late Rev. T L. Ran-
dolph, and mother of D. L. and Major B. U
Randolph and Mrs. E. H. Slmonson. aeed
79 years and 19 days.
K7"Friends are invited to attend the funeral
services Monday. December 12. at 2 p. m.
from the chapel of Trinity Church, comer
Bush and Gough streets.
REGAN— In this city, December 0, 190t F»fr.
rick J. Regan, a native of County Cork. Ire-
land, aged 3S years.
REPSOLD— In this city. December 9. 190i.
Gustava. beloved wife of Amandus Repeoid.
mother of Herbert and Thea Repsold and
daughter of Mrs. Philip Muller. a natlrt of
Germany, aged 23 years & months and 23
days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances ar» Nepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from th*
parlors of Theodor Dierks. 857 Mission street.
between Fifth and Sixth. Please omit flow*
era Cremation OJd Fellows' Cemetery.
SANBORX— In Benlcla. Cal.. December 9. X&M.
Allan Page Sanborn, beloved husband of
Margaret A. Sanborn, and father of MorxaA
-A. and Lewis H. Sanborn, a natlv* of Cali-
fornia, aged (0 years 7 months and 23 days.
SCHWEBS— In this city, December 8. 1D04,
Frank A. Schwebs. dearly beloved son or
Louis and Julia Schwebs. and loviajr brother
of Mrs. L. Brodt and Charles, Herman and
William Schwebs. a native of Saa Francisco.
aged 27 years '£ months and 10 days. (Chi-
cagro.paDers please copy.)
(C7 Friend* and acquaintancees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the> funeral to-day
(Sunday). December 11. at 2 p. m., frora
the residence of his parents, 28 Lttcgton
street, between Seventh and Eiarhth and.
Howard and Folsom. Interment SXounk
Olivet Cemetery.
STEVENS — In this elty. December 10, 1304,
Samuel S.. beloved son of Mary D. and thl
late Samuel Stevens, and brother of Bessl*
II.. Bella. Bertha. Jennie and Ivey Stevens
and of the late Joe and Georg» Stevens, %
native of California, aged 25 years 9 monthj
and 4 daya.
TAYLOR— In Eaet Oakland, CaL. December 9
1904, Wealthy, wife of the late John Tay-
lor, and beloved mother at Jennl« Taylor
Mrs. Dr. A. M. Gardner, "William 1* Taylor
and Mrs. Frederick F.- LJoyd. a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 79 years 10 months and
21 day*.
(C Friends are respectfully Invited t» at-
tend the funeral services this (Sunday) aftrr-
noon. at 1:30 o'clock, at her late restoene*,
477 East Eleventh street. East Oakland, la.
terment srlvate.
"WALKER— In this eity, December, »» WOs^
. Marguerite Walker, wife of James \V«.\ Vl
a native ot Nova Scotia, aged £2 ><»r*.
WELLS— In this city. December s. r>iM, \»»
li. Wells, a native of New York. a£*A \&
years 10 months and 20 days.
E7Frienda are Invited to attend the
• funeral services Sunday. December IL> at a
p. ra.. at the Masonic Tempi*, corner of Post
and Montgomery streets, under the ausptcts
of California Lodee No. 1. V. and A. M .
and California Commandcry Kot l. K. T..
as escort.
"WYNNE — Friends and acquaintances are r»-
spectfully Invited to attend the anatversan
solemn requiem high mass to be celebrated
for the repose of the soul of the late Henrj
Wynne to-morrow (Monday), at St. Peter 1 !
Church, commencing at 0 a. ra.
CARD OF THANKS,
We desire to express our heartfelt tlj&nki
to our many friends who so kindly tendered
their services and sympathies to us In oui
late bereavement, the death of our b«Iove«
mother. Catherina Hushes.
THE FAMILT.
CARD OF THANKS.
We des If e to express our sincere thanks U
our many friends for the kindness and sym-
pathy extended to us In our late bereave-
ment- of loving husband and father. Jacol
Schncll. ....
MRS. C. J. SCHNELIj sji4 Tmmlfcr.NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
KINIRY MUST
STAND TRIAL
Notorious Burglar Is Held to
: Answer for Murder of Po
liceman James H. Smith
DYING STATEMENT BEAD
Accused Man Says That He
Will Put in His Defense
Before the Higher Court
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec 10.
P. David Kiniry was held to the Su
perior Court to-day by Judge Samuels
without ball for the murder of Police
man James H. Smith on November 27,
M03. Kinlry declined to make' any
statement on his own behalf, saying, "I
do not wish to talk at this time." Chief
Of Police Hodgkin* and Captain Peter-
Fen narrated the confessions made to
them by Kiniry, which connect him
with the crime and under the laws of
this State make him a principal in the
murder, whether he fired the fatal shot
or not.
In all these interviews Klnlry would
•relate the events of the evening on
.which the tragedy occurred up to the
time the shooting began, but In none of
them did he admit that he fired the
fatal shot. When asked, "Did you
fhoot Smith?" he always evaded the
Question, the policeman testified, by
■paying. "You do not expect me to tell
3'qu all my case, do you?" He eald he
hid several cards up his sleeve which
he did not intend to play until the trial
in the Superior Court.
W. B. Smith, a brother of the victim,
told of his conversations at the Receiv
ing Hoepitai with the dying man. Po
liceman Smith had said that the man
he shot was cot the one who had killed
him. The witness said the policeman
realized that he was going to die and
made this assertion as the statement of
a dying man. He declared that the
"man who had ehot him ran away, and
he (Smith) fired at the man who re
mained. The evidence shows that Gold
stein was the one who did not run, and
after he had been wounded Kiniry. w ho
was some distance away, returned and
laid him upon the grass when his final
moment came.
Stenographer Eugene C. Van Court
then read the dying statement of Po
liceman Smith, who fully realized that
he was in the grasp of death at the
time he made it. This statement shows
that Smith firmly believed Kiniry had
Jlred the shot and that his own bullet
■was responsible for the death of Gold
stein.
. Kin'ry will not be turned over to the
Sheriff until Monday.
Tjoth sidks claim victory
ix battle on the dh3ioxd
Oakland and San Francisco EUks
Score So Slany Runs That They
Cannot Be Counted.
-OAKLAND. Dec. 10.— The result of
the baseball game between the officers
of- the San Francisco and Oakland
lodges of Elks is still in doubt, al
thougrh the game took place according
to schedule to-day. After the third
inning the runs came so fast on both
Fides that the official scorer lost track
of the count, and even the small boy
at the score board forgot his duties in
the excitement.
At the end of the game ' ; the San
Prancisco team claimed the victory
by a score of 20 to 19, while the offi
cers of Oakland Lodge declared that
the score was 19 to 14 in their favor.
The decision will be left to the United
States Supreme Court. There was a
good attendance and the Christmas
.dinner fund* will be materially in
creased by the proceeds.
Lose Debate for Boycott.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10. — A debate on
the question. "Resolved, that the prin
ciples of American liberty sustain the
boycott of the open shop," was lost by
the Rockefeller Debating Society of
California College last night in a con
test with the Lankershim Society. The
debate was a close one, Rev. Robert
Whltaker, Professor L. D. Inskeep
and Hugh Hogan, the judges, being
'divided as to their decision. One vot
ed for the affirmative and one for the
negative, while the third thought It a
tie. They finally gave the decision to
the negative debaters and save Creed
Gawthorp of the affirmative the hon
ors for being the best speaker.
Department Elects Officers.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 10. — The election
of officers of the Young People's De
partment of the San Francisco Bap
tist Association was held here last
night. The following were elected:
President, Charles G. Lister; vice
president, Sirs. Arthur Caldwell; re
cording secretary; Miss Gertrude
Story; corresponding secretary. Miss
'Addle Dugham; treasurer. Mrs. Hat
tie Robinson; superintendent of
intermediate and Junior work. Miss
lf&zel Roberts.
Inspect our new brick warehouse, ready to r«
ce;ve household gotxls exclusively Nov. 1. Only
•bvick warehouse in city. Beklas Van & Storage
Cu. lOlii Broadway. Oakland. TeL Main 807. •
Injuries Prove FataL
BERKELEY, Dec. 10.— Charles J.
Paulsen, the aged lumberman who
was struck by an electric car on
Grove street near Center last Thurs
day night, died last night. He was
75 years old and so feeble *hat he
could not rally from the shock of the
injuries he sustained. He was one of
the pioneer "merchants of Berkeley.
His son, E. T. Paulsen, is vice presi
dent of the F. W. Foss Lumber Com
pany.
It Costs to Go to Church.
• The charge that strangers are not
made to feel at home in some of the
big churches in New York is well
tounded, according to the observation
made by a Pennsylvanian who has
lived here for ten years. "A, few years
ago I rented a pew in one of the big
churches in Fifth avenue and kept it
for a year. My family was not numeri
- cally large enough to nil the pew, and
I notified .he usher that. I could usu
ally accommodate from two to three
strangers. I learned indirectly that the
• sexton, who had the renting of the
pews, obje ted to too much liberality
on my part. He said that if every pew
holder in the church made the same
scrrt of offer he could not come up to
• the expectations of the governing board
of the church, which expected him to
rent every pew. The loflc of this was
• that if strangers desired to attend that
particular church very often they would
be expected to pey for their sittings.
. To put it a little plainer, strangers were
not welcome, although a sign in the
vestibule eald they were." *
TO PROSELYTE
AMONG HEATHEN
Sire of Champion Prize-
Fighter Asks for Pass
port to Foreign Climes
PLANS TOUR OF GLOBE
Longhaired and of Pious
Mien Alexis Jeffries Re
* sents Notoriety Son Begets
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. . 1016 Broadway, Dec 10.
To preach the gospel In every clime
Alexis C. Jeffries, father of James J.
Jeffries, the world's ' champion ""heavy
weight prizefighter, 'is going to make a
tour of the globe. He wears his hair
long and affects the simplicity of the
early Puritan fathers. He appeared
this morning before County Clerk
Cook In company with Brother James
H. Suter,' ! Sister Jennie Suter .and
Brother John Crow and made affi
davits of citizenship' upon application
for passports. They leave here on De»
cember 22 for Honolulu and from
there will go to . New Zealand and
Australia.
Their .mission is the spread of the
gospel. The hut of the Maori and
the bushman will hear their sons of
praise and the story of the Bible.
Further than already indicated they
have not made any plans, nor do they
know when they will return. S The
spirit of the sire of the greatest prize*
fighter on earth is anything but lamb
like and he resents in vigorous terms
any Inquiries In regard • to .his plans,
he having gained far more notoriety
through the press by reason of the
prowess of his son as a fighter than
pleases him.
FABIOLA REAPS
HARVEST FROM
CALENDAR TEA
By Zoo Green Ttaddlffe.
OAKLAND, Dec. 10.— At last the long
looked for Fabiola tea is over, and by
to-morrow many a pretty calendar or
dainty "thought book" will be speeding
on its Eastward way with Christmas
greetings to some dear one, for scores
of the artistic little Fabiola souvenirs
were purchased to-day at the big char
ity event. From 3 to 6 o'clock the Cha
bot residence, on Madison street, pre
sented a brilliant scene, and to-night
the lady managers of Fabiola Hospital
have a goodly pile of coin to add' to
their Improvement fund.
The programme for the afternoon was
delightful. Mrs. W. E. Crellin sang as
only she can sing, with all the art and
magnetism that have made the name of
Camille d'Arville one to conjure with.
In a stunning gown of gray elaborately
appllqued with a black velvet and jet
pattern, Mrs. Crellin was very fascinat
ing as etae sang Schubert's beautiful
"Serenade," and again, by request,
"Louisette" and "L<ove's Sorrow."
Willard Barton took his audience by
storm with his comic songs, his own
clever composition, "Clara," being the
prettiest and most dashing of the lot.
Mr. Millward's barytone songs, and
Miss Helen Crane's soprano selections
were among the artistic things on the
programme.
Miss Pearl King gave very cleverly
a dramatic reading — something about
"Kentucky Belle"— and Miss Irish's im
personation of a young wife and her
first experience with the cook book was
an excellent bit of work. The pro
gramme closed with several choral
numbers by the German Singing So
ciety that were very fine. Robert Newell,
the prince of accompanists, officiated in
that capacity in his usual delightful
manner.
While the ear was being feasted with
music the eye was equally satisfied, for
there were many gorgeous gowns. I
noticed several very handsome crea
tions In velvet. Mrs. Frederick Cutting
wore a fetching green velvet coat with
pink silk roses appliqued. Mrs. Clar
ence Crowell and Mrs. Arthur Drake
both wore uncommonly pretty gowns
of brown velvet. Mrs. Oscar Luning
was gowned in a chic brown silk, with
a modish and becoming hat of the same
shade, Mrs. Charlotte Elsey, who is al
ways stunningly dresed, wore one of
the new frilled hats, that are so trying
to most people.
Mrs. J. P. H. Dunn— by the way she it
was who arranged the splendid pro
gramme we enjoyed to-day — wore a
very . attractive costume of green silk
made in the prevailing full style. Mrs.
Felton Taylor, in pale blue, and Mrs.
Charles Lovell, In white, were among
the handsomely gowned women. • Mrs.
W. W. Stahdeford wore a beautiful
pale gray gown, trimmed with some of
the most eauisite lace, and two other
noticeable gowns were those worn by
Mrs. F. C. Watson and Miss Gertrude
Allen, that of the latter being a pecu
liar Bhade of brown silk,, the voke and
full effects given with deep rows of
smocking. - ■ • ■• » .. '
Among those at the tea were Mrs.
Egbert Stone, Mrs. George Percy, Mrs.
William Clift, Miss Jean Clift, Mrs. Lee
Cole Burnham, .Mrs. R. W. Gorrill,
Mrs. C. S. Chamberlain, - Mrs. John
Connors, Mrs. John P. Irish, Mrs. Fol
ger. Miss Estelle Kleeman, Mrs. John
Yule. Mrs. A. S. Larkey. Mrs. Frederick
Mprse, Miss Qeorgie Cope, Mrs. Gordon
Stolp, Mrs. Edward M: Walsh, Mrs. Q.
A. Chase, Miss Helen Chase, Mrs. Geo.
H. Wheaton,* Mrs.. Joseph Matthews,
Mrs. Holland.
• • ■
Mrs. William Kleeman entertained, a
few friends at dinner this evening- In
honor of Dr. Bergrer of Stockton and
his bride. They were married In San
Jose a few days ago, and Dr. George
Kleeman was his best man.
Richard Derby is ill at his home In
San Francisco. The Derbys recently
sold their Linda Vista home and moved
across the bay.
• • •
Thimble bees are the rage at pres
ent. Mrs. Edgar Stone recently enter
tained In this informal fashion.
Mrs. H. M. A. Miller Is planning. a
big tea at Central Hall in "San
Francisco for the 15th, and on the 20th
a "Christmas Tea" will be J given by
Mrs. Joseph Chanslor and Mrs. I Fred
erick Wilson Kimble. . The sruest lists
of these affairs will Include many Oak
landers.
Old Gentleman— What has been the
cause of your downfall? *„>;..".
Tramp— Well, yer see, I used ter be a
music teacher; r but ,: I've bin put uv
work ever since dey had dese ] here'au
terraatlc planner players.— Judge.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 11, 1904.
TRIES TO ABDUCT SCHOOL GIRL
Man'Drans BerReleuMaliien Miles From Home
Bertha Condon, Aged Fourteen, Tells of Terrible
Experience and Fortunate Escape. ;'
ROBBED WITHIN
SIGHT OF HOME
J. H. Bailey, Victim of an
Early Evening Hold-Up,
Loses Watch and Money
Oakland Office Son Francisco Call,
■■'.: . 101C Broadway, Dec. .10.,
Once again the fashionable Lakeside
district has been the scene' of a bold
early evening hold-up. . While on^hls
way home at 7" o'clock to-night R. H.
•Bailey, residing at 1387 Harrison street,
"was held up by a lone highwayman
at the corner of Nineteenth and Har
rison streets and compelled at the
point of a pistol to hand over 410,
a gold watch and chain and a pocket
knife. The crimo was committed within
a few blocks of the scene of the shoot
ing of Policeman J. H. Smith about a
year ago and at the same hour.
Bailey had almost reached his home
on Harrison street, and while passing
under a row of shade trees that dim
med the lamp lights he heard a soft
step behind him. Before he could turn
he . was startled by the command
"Hands up," which was emphasized by
the pressure of a revolver against the
back of his head. Knowing that he
was powerless to resist, Bailey quick
ly complied with the highwayman's
order.
The footpad at once relieved his vic
tim of his watch and money, and then
facing Bailey toward Alice street told
him to walk straight ahead and hot
look back on penalty of being "shot
full of holes." After walking half a
block Bailey looked back and caught
a glance of the footpad as he disap
peared in the darkness, going In the
opposite direction.; Bailey at once
hastened to his home and notified the
police of his experience. .' : '
Owing to the fact that the footpad
came upon him- from behind," Bailey
could give no description of his as
sailant except that he was a man be
low medium height.
A second hold-up occurred at 9 p. m.
at the corner of Thirteenth and West
streets. W. H. Brltton, who had just
left >his home, was confronted by a
man armed with a revolver. The rob
ber fbok a small amount of silver from
Brittbn, who saved a considerable
amount of .gold hidden in a vest pocket.
A double hold-up occurred at West
Berkeley. L. Rosario and R. Glazio
were held up by two negroes at about
9 o'clock to-night. The negroes had re
volvers and secured ' $5 ; and a silver
watch.
Record of a Gory Decade.
The decade Just closing must be writ
ten in history as one of the bloodiest
epochs of the world. In 1894 occurred
the Chino-Japanese war. Then came
our war with Spain, which was imme
diately followed by England's .war
against the Boers, and now Japan and
Russia are fighting for the mastery of
Oriental- Asia. Besides these great
struggles there were fathers of lesser
size and note, i Italy, Germany, France,
England and Portugal have fought the
native tribes of Africa. Interior Asia
has been the theater of much desperate
fighting. The Dutch have had aw in
surrection to contend with in the East
Indies. Hayti, Central America and
the northern nations of South America
have had rebellions too numerous to
mention, while we have been busily en
gaged for the last four years in sup
pressing uprisings in the Philippines. —
Kansas City Journal.
Trading Stamps for Carfare.
Using trading stamps to , swindle a
railway companv is the latest develop
meht in that species of graft and, the
Brooklyn rar>«d transit road 5s ihe vic
tim. That company, has not been.in
duced to give trading stamps to Its
patrons — not by a whole lot. It never
gave anything to its - t"°ns. But cer
tain of its patrons are trying to give
trading stamps to the company by feed
ing them to the ticket choppers' boxes
and thus getting free rides for them
selves. It happens that a certain' brand
of trading , stamps manufactured - some
months ago by a concern no longer in
existence are almost identical in 'size,
color and general make up with the
tickets of the Brooklyn Rapid Transit
Railway Company. — Exchange. - • i
Too Far Away.
'.A veteran clerk In me Government
service tells . this reminiscence of .a
young applicant who was being put
through a severe examination' by the
civil service commissioner. The exam
iner asked many questions, some of
which seemed, to the applicant decided
ly irrelevant to the position for. which
he was trying to qualify.
Finally a question was put to him
which seemed so remote from the mat
ter in hand that he rebelled. It con
cerned the distance of the sun ' from
the earth and the applicant answered
promptly and to the point. ,
"I don't know," was his reply, "how
far the d— d thing is in feet, but I'll
tell you one thing— it isn't near enough
to interfere with this job If I get It."—
Harper's Weekly. . . ..
How New Yorkers Go Fishing.
A man of no little prominence in New
York goes fishing with a pint flask of
the best whisky he can buy. The neck
of the flask is of a peculiar kind. The
opening is no larger than a knitting
needle, and it -Is not possible to get
more than one drop at a time out of it;
The average fisherman drinks an ounce
at a swallow, and the bottle is 'usually
empty before the fish begin to bite.. But
with our friend the flask lasts till time
to go home/Every five minutes he lets
one drop fall on his tongue. Singularly
cnoughr he Is as ' drunk ; at' the end of
the day as if he had taken. four fingers
at a time. — New York Press.
Oyama Smokes Cigarettes.
Marshal Oyama, as, he sat among his
staff,' smoking cigarettes and watching
the battle of Llaoyarig, was inconstant
communication 'by field -telegraph and
other .wires with the fourth Armyj un
der General Nodzu/andthe First Army
under General Kuroki,' and .he "^could
talk over • the wire to the "besiegers' at
Port Arthur and ; to : the Government in
Tokio. ,'
' ; A\' man should* .weigh "twenty-six
pounds for every foot of his height.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 10.
To be kidnaped, assaulted and
dragged three miles through a sparse
ly.; .aettled : section of North Berkeley
waa the; harrowing, experience yester
day of Miss Bertha Condon,* the 14
year-old daughter of William Condon
of 1616 Delaware street. To her
iriother she related a story appearing
almost impossible of. belief and yet
substantiated in all. particulars by.cir
cumstantial evidence.
The fiend who .perpetrated the of
fense was a stranger, according to the
girl, who accosted her at Francteco
and Sacramento streets as she re
turned home at noon from school.
She was seized by this man. her hands
being tied behind her back with her
own handkerchief, and ■ then she was
pushed and pulled along the Santa
F& Railroad track for a distance of
about three miles, stopping, at inter
vals when the man attempted to em
brace her. - ■ ./' ■^■;.' :
'The girl finally made her escape
under the railroad .trestle, near the
quarry at Schmittsville, just over the
Contra Costa County line. Here her
screams might have attracted the at
tention of laborers near by and this
circumstance ■ apparently appealed to
the brute, who released his hold upon
her, although none of her entreaties
had affected him on the long Journey
to the place.
Once free, the bruised and "exhaust
ed school girl climbed the bank to the
track and started . on . the Journey
home. She stumbled along, her hands
still tied behind her, making' her. way
with the utmost difficulty. More than
two hours she spent in the return trip
and when she reached the.neighbor
hood of home she was a pitiable ob
ject. • ■ ■•■ ;-:;*^:;. ..- -,-:•
. Frank Sullivan, a youth of her ac
quaintance, caught sight of . her . at
Delaware and McGee streets and, hav
ing been told that the girl's mother
was. fretting over her- failure to ap
pear,- he hurried to* inform , Miss, Con
don 'of the fact.- Then he discovered
that his playmate's hands were tied
behind . her back, that iher clothes
were nearly torn from her : body and
that her face was scratched and
bleeding. • He quickly loosened the
handkerchief and -helped her home.
She was put in bed and, none allowed
to see or , talk with her until hours
haa elapsed and she was partially re
covered from her injuries.. . ';/
Vlwas coming back 1 from- school,"
said the girl, in giving an account of
her experiences, "and at the corner
of ' Francisco street, crossing .the rail
road track, a large man I never had
seen before spoke to me and took hold
of -my hands. ' I thought he was jok
ing until he took my handkerchief,
tied my hands and pulled me ' along
with him. Then I screamed, but no
one heard me, I guess. >I begged him
to let me go, but he TVPUld UXQk ''■' He
crushed me in his arms ' until T lost my
breatb.'and abused me. I hoped some
one would, see us as we went along,
but nobody did. ;"tyhen we got. to the
trestle he > took me down underneath
and then I screamed again as loud' as
I could. .He. got frightened then; I
think, for some men were near there
in the quarry, and when I screamed
he left, I, walked home, but it .was
hard work with my'hands tied behind
me. .,:~:' ''^-iT'
' "The man wore dark clothes. They
had been worn a good deal. He had
a dark mustache, mixed with gray.
He wore a derby hat and I think was
about 40 years old. He was of medi
um height.'.' .
The knot in the handkerchief was
a bundle wrapper's knot, evidently
tied by a man familiar with bundle
.wrapping and tying.
Robert Cameron, an uncle of Miss
Condon, ' began a search for , the
stranger who had abducted his niece,
but found no' trace of him. He did
flnd the girl's school books where she
had dropped- them, a little distance
past the place of the first meeting.
Children in the vicinity of the San
ta Fe depot say they have seen -a
strange man,' loitering about the prem
ises, who' has made advances which
none of them heeded. Deputy Mar
shal,. William Carey made a search for
the abductor, but without success. The
girl is still in a precarious condition,
but Mrs. Condon declares that except
for- bruises and scratches her daugh
ter has not been seriously hurt. ->
Practical Education.
On every hand there are constant ac
cessions to the ranks of those seeking
to 'train themselves in the application
of the : sciences to the practical arts,
this being particularly true of the lines
of activity commonly grouped under
the general names of engineering. The
day of theorizing is past. This is a
practical age and the man best quali
fied for the duties devolving upon him
is the one whose efforts are crowned
with-success and who forges his way
to the front. - Of all branches of edu
cation that of .science and its applica
tion is most costly to the institution
offering such courses, but .the results
achieved by those taking advantage
thereof are proportionately , larger than
in any other line.— Detroit Free Press.
Silly Abuse of the Rich; '
v 11 seems to us aooui time tor Intelll
! gent: people to call a halt in ; the4ndis
' criminate abuse of everybody, who.hap
; pens to enjoy the not altogether envl-'
able position of being rich. The ques
tion, twelve months of every year,
whether It is a Presidential | one or not,
is not whether a man • is rich, but
whether, he T Is honest. If he is both so
much the better j for him, - but if he is
i rich and hot " honest the ; time to' drop
him is not when a campaign Is on, but
when daily; business 5 is to ; be ; done and
social lines are toibe. drawn.. Throw the
rascals overboard in commercial circles,
banish them from the society of honest
folk, and a real' cleaning up will be ac
complished.—Hartford Courant. . *;-:
Owing. to the un ns vial demand
on ' the ■■ part ' of » our subscribers
for THE CALL'S Premium Cook
. Book • it has v been necessary , to
order,*,- : an s- additional ' supply.
These books are expected about
the 15th ■ inst., „. on and after
which date ; they : will be at the
disposal j of i ourj patrons at the
, very low .price : of , SOc.j^^raEgMs
; To : subscribers receiving their
pa per? by j mail there; will bo'an
■t additional of 25c to pre-
pay i expressage. ;: We ; also have
on hand : a few copies of ; "Wild
Animals * I ;; Have Met," - thor-
. oushly descriptive , of the whole
animal: kingdom," on " the^ same
terms. Order now, < as our sup-
ply is' limited. .
BURGLAR'S BRAGGADOCIO
GETS HIM A LONG TERM
Edward Shine Confesses to Jailer
When About to. Be Set Free and
Goes to Folsom Instead..
OAKLAND,; Dec. 10.— Because , he
boasted of a crime Edward Shine, a
self-confessed burglar, must spend
four years at Folsom prison. His at
torney had defeated the prosecution
and Shine was 'about to be set free
when he laughingly told his Jailer that
he was guilty all right, but that they
were going to let him go. The Infor
mation went back to ,the District At
torney's office and the ' case was^ set
for trial. This morning Shine, realiz
ing that he had overplayed his hand,
pleaded- guilty' and got a four years'
sentence. ..
Shine, with Charles Monaghan, was
accused of a burglary at Pleasanton.
Monaghan pleaded guilty and was
sentenced to three years at Folsom.
Shine fought the case. His "pal"
came back and testified in hl3 favor
and the jury disagreed. Under the
circumstances District Attorney Allen
had agreed with Attorney Rode to
dismiss the charge, as he did not be
lieve that aconvictlon could be had,
when Shine, hearing of it, made his
costly boast to the Jailer.
WEALTH IX FRANCE
IS WELL DISTRIBUTED
Tho General Average of Holdings
Is High Throughout the
Country.
The statistics of inheritances in
France, according to a recent report
to the Department of State, as well as
the real and personal property records,
prove that French property is well di
vided. They show that while France is
very rich, her wealth belongs to a ma
jority and not to a minority of her peo
ple. The 1 rich and the excessively opu
lent, possessing millions, are hardjy to
be counted by units; they may be des^
ignated by name. People who read only'
the rates. in the revenues might be led
to think the. country is peopled with
multi-millionaires, and millionaires.
Now, there are not 20,000 millionaires
(that is, possessors of 1,000,000 francs,
or $193,000) in all France. In round
numbers 260,000 persons possess a capi
tal of from $9650 to $38,600; 1,500,000 a
capital of from* $1930 to $9650; ,4,000,000
have from $386 to $1930, and another
4,000.000 have from $96 50 to $386.
Such then is the composition of that
immense army of small savers, the fin
ancial democracy, which constitutes the
force and safeguard of France, One does
not flnd \ immense fortunes, but ■ one
finds large numbers of persona holding
Investments, possessing, bonds,, owning
small Darcels of real estate and living
on modest resources and revenues. ■
Out of 10,000,000 voters we have from
7,000,000 to 8,000,000 who are capitalists
and owners of interest-bearing stock,
landed proprietors, holders of Parisian
bopds, Credit Fonder bonds, railroad
bonds, national bonds— members of co
operative bodies, people who put by for
the rainy day small sums in the banks,
that serve to assure life or Insure
against death. It is not the rich who
.resort to the co-operative companies or
to the savings :banks. There are fully
8,548,218 proprietors who own 61,948
small parcels of property and 125,997,345
parcels of land. The manner of distri
bution of property, real and personal,
constitutes the fortune of France.—
Washington Star.
TO TRAVEL FORTY MILES
' IX TWENTY-FOUR MINUTES
Proposes Fast> Monorail Transit Be
tween* Washington and Bal
• . «, tlmore.
It is stated In railroad circles here
that "vast sums of Astor Tnohey" are
going into the building and operating
of the Tunis monorail railway and the
assertion is made* that within I a year
trains will, be running between Balti
more", and' Washington, . covering the
forty intervening miles in twenty-four
minutes, or at the rate of 100 miles an
hour.
It is said that J. Coleman Dray ton;
who heads a party of New York capi
talists, has closed the deal .with How
ard H. Tunis of Baltimore, the inventor
of the system. Mr. Dray ton said the
Astor family have taken a lively In
terest in the monorail system for 'years.
It Ms claimed -that the; system can -be
constructed for $15,000 per mile, and
operated at one-half the expense that
present railroad systems have. to meet.'
I Mr. - \ Dray ton ls^ reported to have
stated that the right of way between
Baltimore" and Washington had been
secured and that the' work of grading
would soon : be started. The cars are to
be run on a single rail fastened to ties
instead of' being suspended from an
overhead structure, similar^ to the sys
tems in operation in some parts of
Europe. It is stated : tha. t the cars will
be ."so nicely balanced that the whole
weight of the train," even when round
ing curves,' wculd not be ten pounds."—
Washington Star. • • • .
She I Ranks as an Officer.
Dr. Anita Newcomb, McGee, who or
ganized the body of American nurses
now ; in Japanr Is the' daughter of Pro
fessor ; Simon • Newcomb, the American
astronomer, > and is the only; American
woman .who has "ever had the right 5 to
wear "shoulder-straps. During the Span
ish-American: war, as the head •' of i the
nurse ; corps, she had • the rank ' of* lieu
tenant." v. .With i Mrs. , McGee A when she
went' to Japan last March ' were a num
ber of s experienced war ; nurses,; Includ
ing'MissM.? A. Gladwln ; of Boston.
Others followed-; and the personnel I of
the; corps ; has ' been changed somewhat
since th^ war; began^ Dr.^McGeejhas
previously} been exceptionally ' honored
by .the Japanese; Government. !•' She .was
appointed superintendent t of nurses by
the Japanese Red Cross Society and she
was °: ranked '/as Tan\ officer by the Gov
ernment."—<^lcago" Chronicle/;
Aiinan will : never a. fortune
unless , he V Is ; proof J. against "the habit
of 'buying useless things because they
are'eheap. :
FEDERAL COURT
ASKED TO ACT
Crematory Company Appeals
to Circuit Judges in Con
test With the Scavengers
TAKES IMPORTANT STEP
Prepares Papers on Petition
for Permanent Injunction
Against the Association
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway,- Dec. 10.
The Pacific Incinerating Company,
which controls the garbage crematory
plant of Oakland under a contract with
the city for the disposal of the refuse
of Oakland, • has taken preliminary
steps toward* carrying the fight that
has been on with the Scavengers' Un-.
Ion for two years Into the United States
courts. The first move In this new and
Important development - of the long
fought contest was made to-day, when
attorneys for the corporation procured
a number of affidavits from .policemen
who had been detailed . to arrest .scav
engers charged with violating ! the cre
matory law.
The bill of complaint upon a petition
for a ' permanent Injunction from t'.a
United States Circuit -Court to prevent
further operations by the scavengers
has been drawn and will be filed at
court as soon as the necessary legal
requirements have been met. The at
torneys expect to present their petition
some day of the coming week.
It Is intended to direct the injunction
against the union as an unincorporated
association, the president of which is
John Trucco.
This step results from the failure of
the prosecutions in the Police Courts
of this city of scavengers who were ar
rested for alleged. violations of the law
that was enacted to protect the incin
erating company under Its contract.
The city signed an* agreement whereby
the company was to install an Incin
erating plant to col]ect and destroy on
modern scientific lines the garbage and
refuse of the city. After several months
of preliminary skirmishing the com
pany bought a. site at Twenty-sixth
and Magnolia streets and erected, at a
cost of $20,000 or more, a plant, con
sisting of furnaces and equipment. A
large number of sanitary garbage cans,
with wagons, horses and other neces
sary paraphernalia, were purchased.
The company announced its readiness
to proceed. But its course was sudden
ly blocked by a strenuous and finally
successful protest from the residents of
the locality near the crematory site.
After several months of delay the
corporation met that protest by pur
chasing a new site on the edge of the
West Oakland marsh, well out toward
the bay. Here a large set of furnaces
was installed and temporary structures
were erected. The wagons were put In
operation, and the comp,any began to
assert its rights under its contract.
This contract gave the company, ' as
agents of the city, the exclusive right
to collect and destroy the garbage at
rates fixed by ordinance. .In some in
stances these rates were made a trifle
higher, than those hitherto charged by
the scavengers. And here was the
"crux of the situation.
The company3 pathway was strewn
wth numerous obstacles In the way of
injunction suits in the Superior Court.
But eventually these were disposed 'of
by the company winning. But the res
idents did not rush to the support of
the Incinerating company, despite the
fact that the company had solved the
problem of disposing of the city's re
fuse, -which had been a sore trouble
for many years. The scavengers con
tinued to collect garbage, dumping it
wherever they could flnd a place. The
police, under instructions from Mayor
Olney,- made arrests by the score. The
cases blocked the courts. Each scav
enger deroanded a jury trial. Day
after day the trials went on. But con
victions were few. Evidence of the
strongest character was presented.
Juries, however, persisted in acquit
ting or disagreeing to such an extent
that the prosecuting officers were about
ready to give up In disgust. There, are
to-day many untried cases on the cal
endars and arrests continue.
The scavengers found a haven for
dumping garbage on Bay Farm Isl
and, driving .their teams laden with
Oakland refuse through the streets of
Alameda. They could, therefore, keep
on collecting refuse In Oakland and
thus stay in business* preventing tha
crematory people from getting even a
fair share of the collections, all' of
which, under the. contract, they" were
entitled to take.. . • *.-.'
Alameda has raised her voice against
the scavengers going there,' and the
Board of Trustees has in hand an or
dinance to stop that practice. :'.
Such is the situation after two years
more of contest. The law firms of
Reed & Nusbaumer and Snook &
Church have the Federal court litiga
tion in band for the company.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
AliAi V JC* h-*m
Saturday, December 10.
Nor stmr Titania, Foyn, 4 days 6 hours from
Lrtmntth. BAILED/ -•
Saturday, December 10.
Stmr Argo. Dunham. Eentlveri
Stmr "Robert Dollar. Johnson. Seattle.
Stmr Ell«ab«thf Jensen, Coquill* River.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, Coos Bay.
Stmr Sequoia. McClernents, Eureka.
" Stmr Point Arena, MUler. Mendoclno.
8tmr Prentlsa, Ahlstrom. Eureka.
• Stmr Chehalls, Johansson, Grays Harbor.
8tmr Phoenix, Odland. Eureka.
Stmr Celia, Relnertsen.' Albion. .
Stmr Arcata, Macgenn,«for Coos Bay.
Schr Oakland, Ewart. , Coquille River.
RETURNED.
- Deo 10— Schr Coquolle, Springer, from sea.
In distress.
TELEGRAPHIC.
" POINT LOBOS,* Dec. - 10, id p. m. — Weather
foggy ; wind SE ; velocity 8 miles ' per hour. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
: EUREKA— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Eureka,
hence. Dec 0;. stmr Gabriel, from Umpqua,
outside; stmr Francis H. Leggett, with schr
George E Billings in - tow, henca Deo 9.
Sailed Dec 10 — Stmr Bee, for Monterey; stmr
Fulton, ' for San Franelsco.
8/VN PEDRO^-Arrived Deo 10— Schr MutW,
from Portland. ' .
Sailed Dec 10 — Stmr Norwood, for San Fran
cisco."- " "■ •- - ; ■ '■ ' -■'■■•
• COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 10— Schr Ivy. hence
Deo 8. .
i SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Jeanle, for
San Francisco.
SAN f DIEGO— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Nebras
kan. for San Francisco; US stmr Daniel Man
ning, for . -
* SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 10— Schr Muriel,
from Portland; - schr ' Salvator, - from Grays
Harbor.* • .-" ■ » - ■. -
; Sailed > Dec 10— Stmrs Norwood and Navarro.
for San * Francisco ; schr Carol ine. for. Umpqua ;
schr J. M. Colman. for Port Gamble; schr Dora
Bluhm, for -Eureka, *' , -
.VENTURA— Arrived Dec 10— Schr Zampa.
from Grays ■ Harbor." "
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Deo 10— Stmr Bruns
wick, • for San . Francisco. - .
■ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 10-i-Schr Melros*.
from San Pedro. . -Sssgp«gj$tfte««HpSBl
1 PORT TOWNSEND— ArrtYed D«c 10— Fr
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUKTT
OAKLANDw .
1010 Broadway.
• Telephone Main 1081. •
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 1 T.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street. i
Telephone Alameda 55». •
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian. Paciflo Tlme.>
,_ SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 10—5 p. m.
me followinc maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day: I
Cincinnati ... 40-24 r Philadelphia .... .34-19
«*ton ■ •, - 24- 8 Washington 34-23
Jacksonville 70-58 ( New York 2G-13
St. I^jula 48-32 Pittsburff 30-20
iT ca f2., '• 40-2+ Honolulu, H. I.. .78-73
New Orleans ....70-66
SAN FRANCISCO 54-50
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
flate. a» compared with tho«e of the same dat«
last season, and tha rainfall In the last tweaty
four hours:
Bt ». I*st This Last v
btations— 24 hours. Season. Season,
Eureka T . 9.33 14.21
Red Bluff 00 11.23 8.4.1
Sacramento CO 7.83 '3.65 *
San Francisco CO 8.73 4.43-
BTwio co 6.0« .68"
Independence 00 45 .42
San Luis Obtspo 00 4.73 !5O
Los Angeles 00 1.43 .4."* "
San Dtego 00 .23 .0T '
: ■.,>** THE COAST RECORD. X
g K g o 2 3
3 ■ 5S?= *f & 3
3 3333 2- s; ■ 5
STATIONS. I |||| 0 |~ I
• . e *b ■• '■'■-; ■ - - - a
■ " A •
Baker 30.32 SA 2« SE Cloudy .<H
Carson 30.24 50 24 NB Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.14 H 4t H Cloudy .:«
Fresno 30.24 68 3.8 N^V Cloudy .00
S.E.Farallon .30.21 M 01 NW Cloudy .07
Flagstaff 30.06 02-16 W Clear \CO
Pocatello 30.28 3«- 1« SW Clear .00
Independence- .30.19 64 2S SB Clear ' .00
Los Angeles .30.02 78 46 "W deaf .CO
Mt.Tamalpals 30.24 46 40 N Pt.Cldy .24
North Head. .30.02 48 44 E Cloudy .i«
Phoenix 30.00 64 40 BB Clear .00)
Pt.Reyes U't.30.17 6« 48 N Cloudy .03
Portland 30.10 48 88 * SE Cloudy .40
Red Bluff 30.24 M S3 NW" PtCldy .40
Roseburg ....30.10 48 38 E Cloudy .CO
Sacramento ..30.24 86 48 NB Pt.Cldy .OS
Salt Lake ..30.20 42 24 N Clear T.
San Franclsco.30.28 64 60 N Clear .08
San L. Oblspo.30.il 68 38 N Clear .00
San Diego ..30.04 68 43 NW Clear .00
Seattle. 30.14 60 42 E Cloudy .14
Spokane 30.34 38 SO S Cloudy .08
Tatcosh 30.00 44 44 D Cloudy .04
Walla Walla. .30. 24 60 30 NB Pt.Cldy .42
Winnemucca .30.32 48 20 N Clear .00
Yuma 30.04 44 44 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th« pressure la beginning to fall along the
northern coast and a modarata disturbance will
probably develop oa th» Oregon coast Sun
day.
Southeast storm warnings ar» displayed at
Eureka.
Forecast mad* at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. December 11:
California, north of Tehachapl — Cloudy Sun
day, probably rain; fresh southerly winds, hlsh
on the coast.
California, south of Tehachapt — Fair Sun
day, becoming cloudy at night; light northerly
winds.
Nevada* — Cloudy; warmer Sunday. .
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Sunday.
probably rain; fresh south winds, becoming
high.
Los Angeles 'and vicinity — Fair Sunday,
cloudy at night; light north winds.
Sacramento— Cloudy Sunday, probably rain;
fresh south wind.
Fresno— Cloudy Sunday; light north wind.
A. O. ileADlE. District Forecaster.
bark Bourfcakl, from Hongkong.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 10— Star Mongol!.*,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN 1 STEA1TERS.
NEWPORT, R. I.. Dec 10— Stair N»w Yorlc.
from Southampton and Cherbourg, for New
ork. off Nantucket lightship..
LONDON— Sailed Deo 10— Star Cambrian,
for Bonton.
QUEEN STOWN— Arrived Deo 10— Stmr Iver
nla, from Boston, for Liverpool," and proceeded.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Deo 10— Stmr St.
Paul, from Southampton, for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Dec 10 — Stmr Cam
pania, from New York; iCmr Wlnnifredl&n.
from Boston.
Sailed Deo 10 — Stmr Devonian, for Boston;
stmr Umbrla. for New York.
NEW YORK — Sailed Deo 10— Stmr Etrurla,
for Liverpool, via Queenstown: stmr Finland,
for Antwerp, via Do\ - cr; stmr Neckar. for Na
ples: stmr Llqulrla, for Naples and Genoa. .
Arrived Dec 10 — Stmr N«w York, from
Southampton and Cherbourg.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Phila
delphia, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Southampton, and proceeded. ■
GENOA — Arrived Dec 10— 8tmr Prlna Adel
bert. from New York, via NaDlea. .
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 10— Stmr Kroon
land, for New York, via Dover.
HAVRE— Sailed Deo 10— Stmr La Qasccgna,
for New York. • ,
Memoranda.
Per schr Coqtielle — Sailed from Ban Fran
cisaeo Oct 22, for Coqutlls River. Arrived oft
there Nor 1 and had a succession of SK and
SW gales, carrying as to lat 46 22 N. On Deo
1, off Siuelaw, was spoken by stmr Whlttler
and supplied with provisions. Then had sub
cession of SW and SE gales, carrying away
rigging on port side, sprinsstay, and started
bowsprit and tore- sails. Being short of pro
visions and water put back to San Francisco
for repairs.
Per Nor •tmr TJtania — Deo T, 20'mflei
WSW of Gray* Harbor, passed ' a big black
buoy adrift.
ABERDEEN, Dea 10— The steamer Seafoara
was successfully launched to-day at Lund
strum Shipyard.
Cargo by the Panama Steamer.
The steamer City of Sydney sailed yesterday
for the Isthmns of Panama and way ports with
a general merchandise cargo, valued at |H0.«
5Ci. to be distributed as follows: For Mexico.
$4331; Central America. . $47,014; Panama.
$1235: New York. 137.775; Ecuador. $105; Ja
maica, $54. The following were tha leading
exports :
To Mexico— 20.300 lbs tallow. 2633 ft hard
wood. 3 bdls oars. 52 bids snooks. 152 bdls pa
per, 11 pkga machinery, 187 pkgs tank mate
rial, 400O lbs cement. 9 bdls duck. 10 pes steel
and iron, 5 coils rope. 203 gala wines. T pkss
groceries and provisions, 2S9 lbs bread, 40ft
lbs spices, 30 pkgs potatoes and oalons.
To Central America— 3JM3 bbls flour, 2123
gals wine, 27 casks beer. 117 cs 100 gals whis
ky, 1444 cUs corn. 2253: lbs codfish., 34 pkgs
fresh fruits. 10.153 lbs 100 ska salt, 13 c« tab.*
preparations. IS. 772 lbs rice, 341 lbs ham and
baccn. 3253 lbs dried fruit, 783 crts potatoes.
1762 lbs 7 bxs raisins. 144 cs assorted canned
goods. 61 C9 canned salmon, 5* cs olives. 23
crts cnions, 11 pkgs paste. 859 lbs bread. ISO
pkgs groceries and provisions. 1650 lbs lard.
1006 lbs spices. CO.OOO ft lumber. 1CS pkgs
Ironware, 6 pkgs agricultural Implement*.
14.SS0 lbs tallow. 70 fiaaka quicksilver. 5 bdls
brooms, 11 baits bags, 53 pkga machinery,
1300 lbs cement, 12 pkgs electrical supplies, 11
colls rope, 15 bars steel. S3 ska coke. 2S pkgs
nails and spikes, 22.C0O lbs> bluestone, 0 bdls
leather. 10,513 lbs sulphur. 144 bdls 98 pea
pipe. 57 pkgs dry goods. 72 bbls 43 cs oils, 7%
pkgs paints. 6 cs turpentine, 323 cs coal oil,
11 cs drugs, 33 reels barbed wire*
To Panama — 1504 gals wlna. 1604 lbs beans.
53 crts onions, 20 crts garlic. 52 cs assorted
canned goods, 50 cs> salmon, 1124 lbs dried fch.
To New York— 82,158 gals wine. 18S1 cs
canned salmon. 2140 lbs beeswax 200.234 lbs
pig lead. 60,995 lbs asphaltum. 49,020 lbs an
timony. 133 bales Junk, ft cs typewriters and
supplies.
To Ecuador — 30 cs salmon and 60 crts pota
toes.
■ To Jamaica — 511 lbs dried fruit, 6 cs canned
fruit, 80 lbs raisins.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Dec 10. — The arrivals of wool for
the first series of the 1905 auction sale*
amonnt to 34.834 bales, including 10.000 for
warded direct to spinners. The Imports of
wool this week were: New South Wale*., 1317;
Queensland. 654; South Australia, 5i3; New
Zealand, 713; Cape of Good Hope and Natal.
1174; elsewhere. 215.
Northern Wheat 3Iarket.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 10. — Wheat for export.
Walla Walla. We: blue stem. 85c. For milling.
Walla Walla, 83c; blue stem, 88c; valley,
87 V,c. For Eastern markets. Walla "Walla,
65c; blue stem. 90c. • ' •■■■"."
WASHINGTON. ' ......
TACOMA. Dec 10. — Wheat* unchanys 4; biu«
steam, 89c; club, 80c.
4950
IIALE'S.
Better Gloves Cttfttl 1 HI C— NfiW I rfcW Pri^^Q :^r^r_l___ • ' A bi S Eastern house sends its Western representative a Why Not a Nice Box of
Make Better Gifts for Men, for " V^UI LcUAIS l^CW L,U W fliCCS m - Starting To . ° *% Full Duplicate Line of Samoles Nice Writing Paper?
Women for Girls, for Bovs. But From 3 to 6' Pairs Of a ''-Pattern - n'. morrow Night H . > v Here's Hurlbnt's paper in Chnst-
• *v/# it ? *w* *~*\*j <-»• • .. %\B* - W™"^ 'm ' w—^. <* * - _ -— ' _ ■_ . — Trine Krt"*-^* cnlr*nnin mrn title na-
Give a glove order and be sure I n manv lines, and we have grouped them in a. splendid- econom\^ . mfi : - J^a^- H, t36lTS« IlSUCfCl6S* (JOOOS ;■ per; made ■ for ink, ■ made to be
vou 1 buv |lovcs C at^Haie'if'you °PPO rtu n it: y for to-morrow. . • /. W '^n aTrffio" 1 *" •■' W- By accident.- -He had not a bit of use for more than one. He let be individual. It's K ood to adopt
m~L «.,,^» tl.«« ,.«., ,« w.»»; n rr ♦%« Here are Bedroom Curtakii, 3 yards lonr. at 75c .pair; Dtoinsr-room CurtauiB, or O". — O lUD 11Q m atp an aKcurH KtH nn tli» ntliorc- n A n ~~~.~* A :♦ -«^ ««.«r +U» a particular Style and Stick to it.
are sure that you are getting the. 3^ yard. icar. 81.25^481.50 pair; Parlor Curtains. 3%. yard. ion*, at ffljl ; in order that you e ha,i f| .us make; an absurd bd on the others and accepted it, and now the . s PMer at 75O
ver>- best- gloves the money you S2^XJ and 82.50 pair. Every pair you can save largely on. ' : ■ W. .. .. :?ng the "ei«t- U tw» Weeks ■■ % COmpS, belts and buckles are OUt to-morrow '.. , ~Box has a pretty- hoUy design; 2
. \»C IldVC llldUC LIlcIll LX1C CLJ1LCI \Jl a gCllCldl upptjW LllllilJ 111 (Sufi PEOPLE are here ready '23l. A. u I £^(?C? 4-1* qm H f\ 1 T I) ■»» yr>*v ; . '• matcn. •
gbararitecd to be perfect in fit . « . >„ , • ■ tj -..-.. . Wft t0 Bee that y° u are w «"ed ■'. •**T *-*Co3"-- Llldll . 1 Idli r llCw - .. : Berlin'*. Oloth-nnt.hofl * Pap«? Pnt
and style and workmanship. ■■- . # '■■■liti- TO taken extra rpace for" all" }H J^\\ crood new UO-tO-date Styles but Onlv One of a kind "" "* In .' blue or white.'. It's a splendid -wrlt-
▲t Sl^O— The Ete Jourin Prench " A « • r^ A- • d* *"% '^ p* T^ t * le Chrietmaa goods in or- • ijj) . & ' ' * , . i ' • • ■■ • ingr paper, on* women like. 45o box.
Kid Giore — with Paris point em- . AfVlhi^in L^llfr^lin^ Ti 2. Z.^ Iff? 0^ reve 5. 1 conges-, jx . .belts that means that there is only one size in a style, and that buy- Prench orsrandie paper. 45o— it's one
broidery Come In tan, beaver, r%.\ Cl-L/aCo. * *■ VUl IU.I11C7 *\> **tt>JU*J . . ' ' ' mi T1OX OF CROWDS. "ft . .. ■ . . . ... _. - J - ' .- *-' v . o f 'WTiltlny'B best. Its in & fancy
mode fed brown raastlnue white . i , . » u- * • r xi i it." ru m - - . EX '^ RA DELIVERIKS % erS SllOUlCl COme as early as pOSSlble. rirSt . X w ith pull-out drawers. Some
and black; sizes £»V to 7Vi. 3°9 ncw P airs o* corded Arabian curtains for the parlor or.tne library, Bja nave been provided for so (si ■- |-^ . :': • : -.? > -^ ■ O f t ne boxes have two .tries of en-
At Sl.50 — 3-ciasp Blanche Snede dainty designs. Splendid $.V0O values at $2.25. time., w" ■'ask that you VS DPltSflnCl LjUCKICS Si\ j C velopes.
G *??r l ? tan * b -^ n / S - ray * m ° de Bon Pcmme Curtains. $4.50 pair— A nexr Couch Covers. $1.00— Narrow Oriental U WHU^vnr'r^^ $ lc^ >* ,^ , • . And you can have the monogram
ana duck, s.-es a^ 10 «. line of corded Arabian curtains, with striped couch covers, 60 Inches wide, V sh" us • as much time aa .That are worth ■ ISC and 25c. Gold braid belts,. white wash belts, silk elas- stamped on the paper. That
SSSJiSatSIn 4 * 1^ ta M % nc /i at f t « S .J«ja vy mJC i^iirf^Star 1*5?"™.] 1 you. can to deliver the M tic belts, patent and colored leather belts that are used for the Buster makes it "more individual yet.
sueae— — (.me tuai perspiration nas cable thread. Ja.oO quality at 54.00. BuKoiine, 10c yarn— iteguiar 1-73 quai- «n& larger ones ' ■ VM "t> •* ... ... , » A r fc
no bad effects on. In black only. Tapestry Table Covers. SI .25— A full line ity. figured or plain, in the new pat- « We 'also ' ask.' : and we M i3ro\vn ; suits. .; {■<-, . . . ; _ > We will Stamp It IOr you at ISC
sizes 5>4 to 7. ofthe armure tapestry covers for the terns; nlle, pink, blue or yellow. 10c * . underline the request. BE- mf Buckle sets for belts in. steel, and oxidized gold buckles -with rhine- *a quire. ~*~?
A^f^^o S r\ 3 e-d 1 an P d I br? W n k1 ?^ Ji^-room table. 51.75 quality at be ; on | .CAU8B G ™ S stone- settings steel and pearl ornaments, clasps, pins, watch" fobs, fancy. SeaT Set , 25o-5 .ticka^ of^pergged
whjS?si«?l < to6%. ValoS Table Cover. $2.45 T -Heavy grad» sized window from 2^ to 4 feet wide. W .ma.^ delayed .DE- J jeweled garter buckles. All at 5c. - . &tm: more tadi'vldn "ity.
At$i^ 2c -c^HB f - v £ r d t aT^nc £re fl aKSS^ rpet and £ S At ;i0c: Belts and Buckles Belts at 25c Jhfti£SSSESf%3&?&Z
one row embroidery. Sizes ov» to J. "".*;* vli r . __j it •_ „ ,.-,» v r t%y, «vi«aHa mariiiiinn riocip-nK* a snionriM onwrine will wRONGLTl TAKEN,. \jjg „,. . .. _„ - _. __ --_- _. . ■ _» • . __ OolA Pens wltn jreari ganoid, ouo to
Tn tan mode red brown erav color only, and It Is a \ery rich shade medallion designs, a spiencna covering Hi -,,. W1LL you after you J» That are worth 25c to 50c. Handsome That are worth 50c to 75c. fll.50
;" f n ;.wt Tand black. of red. $4.50 quality at $2.45. for the bed chamber or to^use as a ., ha Ve given 7ouraddrw 8 «S ' line of silk velvet bead and chain Belts at 50c that are worth 75c. and as ° 1>50 *
peari. -wnite ana Diacjs. Buys. $3.95—72x36 inches. Axmlnster crumb cloth: 9x9 feet at $2.95; 9x10% ; W9 A gjT b 4tIb clerk TO . M ' velvet « oeaa ana cnam high &s j 2 00 It la a beautiful lot.
At £1.00 — Boys' 1-ClaeD Cane Glove— rugs in Oriental .designs. ■ feet at $3.45; 9x12 feet at $3.95. PHi let YOU see IF IT ■ -e3 girdles, in black and colors. • Some ' in black, white, blue. red. brown and CfirictmflQ Wonff Of*
In oak. tan and Havana; sizes 4 , r HAS been TAKEN COR- «* have handsome steel or oxidized or- dainty- Dresden effects, with large. viuiauiioa ituuu vt
' ■ ■ ■ • • K? - RECTLY? m _ 4 liffi."* i> * ;*»; handsome gold buckles, oval or square, I Cfltnet* tO rSUftl
At $1JK>— Men's 1-Clasn Mocha— With . . M A hale GLOVE OR- m naments with buckles to match. many of them harness buckles (the ' *- c *»"* c * ••" tt a j
spear point embroidery on the back free Classes in Embroidery, Pyrography, Crocheting. A?l ex- V/a f »ir »|Jr«' vou of all '«? Beautiful grold and gun metal buckles, latest), and others in colonial designs. And outfits . to burn with. And
agKg*ffffi|j&£ period instructive^. Ani fiUnty o, «,n C lovork ani Hnisk S ifH .§ rK?^^. '1 "g- 3'S &*$& S^ &??5&'S£. "" '" "
At i"r a^re~and^ro^-n; B S iz?i I 0 '*!; right here in the store. j| ■.%££ ot Hale Camorma W buckles. belt or comb win make a dainty gift. More Art Skins at 30c and 45c.
_>« m a iTw 7« 11 • *^ t V^wIUigjSBBSKtffi^^^^MTWTO^ nczv dress for Christmas the very thing end an optor-
Christmas Handkerchiefs ! V^^m^ki^^^^^S^mM0' <«»<* t0
■< nr^o^"^Z^^^i O ru^ 1 J-I^^HHIw^mlHl^Pf ! Pay 85c K«^«-» Winter Suitings
and linen, here arc newer barcains: . I 1 \ m^jS^^^^m^A '^^^^^^^jr^^^SK^^^SS^J^ Y^I&KJli Last pieces from the looms of several manufacturers ; the very
250 Dozen Women's Handkerchiefs at i2#c; Worth 15c and , \\ f } " W^m^^^^^^^^^^^^^S^^^W^^^^^^ weaves and patterns New York women are buying lots of now
Its just 3 forerunner"of*more g£>d' news Vcome.' for it's part of the en- i / J^v\^^^^^^^^ L^ glad tO theSC laSt pieCCS tO CaIifornia ' where lower prices
tire stock of Swiss handkerchief* we took from one of Now York's leading im- i £**} |^*l\\I^^^F^ ~y~ JT**' ""w^^^^^ wouldn't interfere with their home trade. That's one reason Cali-
At rl 12 " ic ;' wcnh'lSc Tnd At 15c. worth 35c: Fine Swiss hand- I^^Ww^^ JShI^:^^^E^ "Z™™ Can , h f aVe Z "™ drSSS nOW Snd P a 7 in man y CaSeS leSS
vap^7^^a??sa H^^y^s^SS tlS" rO w new smtlngs are out for the first
Kndkerehieft A in d florlf. Tcro'll^ani AniT'lot of linen hemstitched onw, JL TS^^^O^^^^fflllliilji'I JJ\S9'^^S^^^^K^^J^^^=L Here are mannish tweeds. But look at the
thread patterns, scalloped or hemmed with patterns ombi-oidered inside the R.l|^'! j^j]^Tlg^a^^^J^LNll< I 1 Pffflffi I Pi yfe^^S widths, 54 in. Even a Scotch suiting, 56 in. wide,
A d nThero .re handkerchiefs by the hoi """ V^jj&k/i^!^ "^^^^^4^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ '^And'heJe Ire^In. fancy zibeUnes and fancv
it 2 5c box: Handkerchiefs for th. little folks. Either plain white, ' WbsSk£SZ^8?481^^ W^^mW^ ***" "7 ff a " d " P tO th °
Initialed or white with colored hemstitched borders and initials. Sin |BWll!lll8ll} Iri.lB^^a. very minute of style. It's a grand opportunity
AT 7Z*! fccx— Tt;r<»e tn a box, pure linen AT fl.5O— Six all pure linen handkerchiefe, • V:'. •Bnj'irvr'w svat^vsi at K<W»> -REtJTII^AR- of th» t»,» kT»^v «itv — »— «.._ '»_!_
handkercliiers. hemstitched »nd with on* cor- hemftitched and daintily embroidered. fc _ ■ _. _ * ' . F ?E N £? SE ? G J? w,!t .^, M «* '«^« Ml W
ner rabrolfieitd »1th flowen »nd wreaths. AT :Wc each-Unen centers, with Insertion. HT^ fl *T* A ' ■ -#% ' /^K • LY J^m^ihft t - he« T,^ rold'one* al^ffiS^ fn* wT£ °^ vn" CT wWe
fel^^i The Toys -Are Occupy ing .M^i-:::.:
AT 23«r each — Lacy effects in. It eecms. ever> - with rowg of hemstitching and beautiful em- • ■ *^ ■ ■*■ . ; " ■ weave, direct from Braflford, tUe honn 91.OU; 23 la. wide at *t.2r>. .
conctivahlc idea, linen centers, insertions brcidered butterflies, wreaths an¥ floral de- r»-<« >^ , V. _^. ' ..■.' r — ——^ * -^1. of fine mohairs; 50 in. wid» *t 43o; 64 19 jjf^ p£AU DE CTGNB, 60c; «oft and
worktJ in f%ncy shapes. Others with em- signs aJonr the borders. AH are edged with I Hp llt*OaT^«* D«1««T /\T I X^rr\ HlAAf*C in. wide at T5c and f LOO. Imtrous, all colors. It's regular Jl.CO
broidciT on the comers and pretty lace bor- the prettyand dainty patterns of Valen- . 1 11C VJ1 VCllCI tT. <X1- I «U1 1 W \J JT-IUUI O« - *+* : 'ni.,,.1^ T«««*« «« cn^ Quality >t 05c.
• dered styles. • clennes and Mechlin laces. • • •■ . ' : ' ' \ '; ... ■■■:.. - . * .. DmCK I aileia at OUC FANCY JACQUARD SILK9 AT 6Oc- 19
of ncw hats zrill be shorcti for the first time to-mor- *" A " d ° n theSe tW ° fl °° rS centers Christmas; interest for the girls and boys and ."J.yfflw !«'« anTrSSTTt'.^ Jtt 1 2SfJffS. l i5 ■SS» MUU>
r(K y : " a % •; / - r> :. Jt'sthe climax of theseason. :Wc have neverhadsomanytoys/as this; year. .. We; haven't Unusual Happening Brings Us Close to' 300
RtP* RpfnrP-Chff^tm^^ IWllItri^yV '"Pir^'flt been aWe to sn °w as many this year- as we. will tCHmorrow, for Vwag-on load-after, wagon load has . /i% /\n r Wv^i(i4 4^ i CA Cn*»« 4.^
Dig Dt:iorc-v,nmiraab miiunery nvent been ta kenWav to s^ $1.00 and ibloU rans to
That we have been planning on for a long while. Wagon load after wagon .loadvhas^ been coming^ in to-this biggest! of all storehouses, and to-day Q'aII of 5f|r
300 Trimmed Hats at $2*25 ?^s$^2^^ to-morrow 'and see the sen dt out
\n average half what they should be priced i"o of them won't be t0^ S at tfi eir best, and how much' better they are at Hale' S.- . . Pretty silk and gauze styles. Gift suggestions that will make a bis:
Wt 3^ 't^St? "ooS BH " g the : c^ ldrc^'^ Clans \ is «>^qn; the fourth floor. Se'ssaTiSS f ° f thC ™ " Sllk Kaa ". and
shTpe 5 .' 'Anric^ha^Tuwhem in Vsection^by Themse!ves, m so V you S ?an ' He isn't giving away candy/fbr'hesays, zvhcn he does it ■makcsJoq-'-much crowding, and shoving, wftl | vI^ h r^?e e Spiiquea t^^ e^l^% B n^T;^many^th %^h^^ c^t
see how unusual they are at $2.25 and choose easily. a "d tn « little tots are liable to gethurt. He/wants the little ones to.cpme and^tell him what they want him to all with more or less elaborately painted floral designs, white and black!
At $5.00 arc nearly 200 Hat., a beautiful They have been polled, some by hand- ! brlng tbem ChrIstrnas - Ho wlll;be on the fourth 'floor from 10 to 12,a. m. and from 2:30 to 4 ;30 and 7:30 to 9. . . A ll 50c.
line, no two alike. Hats like those ling, and we have marked them 89c . . < ........ ; ii,\' r^t2^ - ■ - - -^/." „ '
that sell at $12 at most places earlier to-morrow. Mohair felts trimmed -d ''/\ W '•■ ' 1 ' ■" T\ • - ' *j par j"V ' Story. Books, lOo Each: Cozy Nook,
i^F^atiPc ' Santa Claus Contest
™,m and w,re. w,rth 35C and "i||g^^P^^^^^^^^ fffl^Vfl^iSS^ ClOSed Last Night
As &S^n L i^uSSvSSS r £SX9. 'ro e w! nd fl °° r "iiimery store to-morl ular 75a value at 5 oc. . 'S3 E^' GulUve ' S But interest. is still alive. We print another winning ptctee this
Doll Trnaki 5c: Eight inches long, M u • .. ' *• '« >: r . . ., morning. Bert Welch, age q. ig Woodward ave^ 5. F.. earned $5.00 by
(ltt/> nf Ihs i\,i*nrfn*,t irnJ* n,*~,»n,»»te *f // j j woo <1 b «. covered with checked Mechanical Locomotive 35c ■ Christmas Trees 4oc . drawing it, and we have other .winning pictures to print. Allthethoa-,
vne OJ ine important iraae movements OJ tile year Starts glazed paper, 3 wood slats on top , With tender of heavy tin. painted red. Artificial, trees, In fancy pot, 21% In." sands of nictures we have received arranged in the
itumnrr/vtn 1 'it n and.tray inside. Others up to $3.00. runs on the floor, winds with a key. high, with 24 branches, also red ber- sanas OI P 1CIUJC: » wc 11<1VU ** « c
W-?norrOW 111 a Table at 19c: Oval Bhape, with f two l^arger sizes at 75c, 95c and up to ries and candle-holders. Other sizes A- A oi. >^Tu*:^Jt5^ *V SatltA CiflTie
_ _ _ drop leaves, white enameled finish, 55.50. at 10c, 25c, 75c and up to JC.OO. VV V- y*. . 6- • y^*^-? 5 *^^^' vtt vlaua
Sale of Winter Coats ■ -'H 8^^^^*^* ■ fs^js^^a^Sia^ ■Doiiat$3.45 .%, vr^ : -^ /gfega^u Artaaiiery
$5-OO Jackets Will be #?.CK DoU Oo-Cart, 45c: In reed, with, fancy 3 7 stafls and 3 horses T afso stall wth papIer mache body « bal1 and 80cket ' X •• • - WWWl * / II v 1 floor - lr "'»«»rtll
fli T U4 -II L /^ scroll sides, swell front 45c. ■ t four-wheeled wacon -stabS Dalit- ■J° lnts '"' l - inovln B : "W^ts. Pretty bisque -.iOf A 1 -A*. \/\ /\/\ A (. J i V I comln« «. loss w*y
$7-5O Jackets Will be .....^-95 1^^ head, sleeping eyes, lovely. curly wig. CW'" % "i- ' V V M>4* >Q5> V -O / to «e« th» ttoS
$IOOO rackets Will be ' J^Vr wfth floured maTeHal B ' *r u- *• o ' U «-. «o Fancy lace stockings and patent- leather ;<^ .. .%>; r tgEi^V \T\jl f «and« o^ <xnt«« I t
-fiiu.uu jutKeis mui ae.. V5O./5 with ngured material. Combination Gama Board I $2 98 slippers 25 in. tali. - - X i • *■ * V <£* S «f««iaai «ua» th«
$7.S O Capes Will be .' . ,$C.OO Rocking Horse 85C Regularly $3.75, size* 29x29. You can At $1.35: rnli jointed doll with ball .-, ■ "'■'. '> ltt '— r •- t — h~ >s s^ mi %^^ chUdr«a hav» sent
~, -•>- . . . A big one. nicely mottled, with saddle ■ i P 1^ • M games on it; such as crok- and socket joints, bisque head, sleep- *<'>. Vi' ■? i>^ - *V -- <L »", ♦ ua "U 1 * ti© r»-
than we ought to have in winter weights, and now cold weather °™^?Sr£Z^ .'ond Par:.r B.wMn g Game S1.00 j^^^Sl^^. n H /^X to „„^
IS nere and Lnnstmas tWO Weeks from tO-day. To-morrow We 6 years old. 60c. Other good values Regularly J1.50.: A new game. Com- In. tall, with ball and socket joints,, rv h&MS \ SH* a P*tlcnlar
start lightening stock in a way that means much to you who are £ Do u U P &r^ 6^^ B Reguiariy $2 00. hrd? n swee? S fac^ d d I 1 m|ted^n,n b^ V^Tll W ' ' ' g c SS^ m #5S
thinking of a new winter coat and of economy. - .1 / &V£t»^^^ MS^ - X : ■ ■ .tj£» ar ffl&Kg
* rzrsT ' match. Green enameled gear and ties, grater, all good-sized articles. . cy slip. $4.50. <f. < rA- /***-~ cauy.
-r <ri Ah/ JiSff/ /£?/ ■■'■' I | . strong steel wheels. Pewter Soldiers or Indians, 25c for 6: Soil at 50c: Full jointed, with .bisque I — .„ xm-rr r t^i. m,J I '- • *
V&*2+*&4^0Vf/ >«s==5v y^7 fSi _~^ „ r, ,,^^- /-».•• t c ♦ "»c~ Fine enameled American soldiers or head, sleeping eye*, pretty curly hair. /J-* \d££o <tfl\ iSSf 'AStST *7&F
S^m /&/ X0^2'<&G£L PRETTY CAL- China Tea Set 25c Indians, each figure -2 ft. Inches tail. lace stockings and fancy slip. 15 % ?vT?mvr ™ M^I^^W >X^
7JS^/M//iS^^^Cfl&L^(&l^r r^^ffti i7\TnJDQ' nr i Decorated with flowers; contains 21 Pewter Indian Setc of 4, 35c: Figures in. tall. 50c. An hv mait wl- XSSWPrai^ #^fck £3$r
/^ M «=S=5S^ V5Si =^ 5 ' Ll\UslK$—More to pieces; 6 cups and saucers, 6 plates, with guns. one. mounted- on a horse; Kid 3odlod Doll at 50c: 13 in. tall, with have made extrt J&$Vmf$f 1^
/ff/^><^— '^^ Choose from to-morrow tea pot sugar and creamer. Others also a tent 35c. ' j bisque head, sleeping eyes, pretty preparations to bclnj' <g&mJ <$&&$$&& <B$£3&
/U»f -^"^ &P%rs/r\ i*~r*rn>*+ jl ji .„ , ' _up.to J6.00. . y . The Susso Japanese War, $1.30: Ihc I face, curly hair, bisque hands, fancy this big Chrstmaa A&& f™?fi'-***-, , ' ' • r
*~~^ "*=«=r^I Cj^ G*tGl£2^ r than there Will be later Upright Piano. 25c: In rosewood fin- latest same. It has 10 Japanese and I stockings and slippers. 50c. store with all its V^>%W^- ■" -• 'rS^
fcJ^ r — . .,.,•..-— jsh, with . keys and a good tone. 10 Russian soldiers, 2 mounted on 25c Indestructible Doll at 10c: 15 In Christmas advantages ""^^fc»»Jr*V|S& G&G&fi^*^
Market Street. Near Sixth. • : — : — — — — — i • larger sizes at 45c, 65c, J1..00 and up , .horses and also -two pistols, loaded tall.- with pretty face and long curly tl > you who can't I
' to <io.oo. ; •■.,. ,. with .wooden pegs., $1.35.,; hair;. - * jeome to.it |. Markcf Street, Near Sixth.
ALBERT PIKE MEMORIAL
TEMPLE TO BE DEDICATED
An Eventful Week In the Scottish
Ulte Bodies During February
of Next Year.
The week beginning February 6, 1905,
will be one. of considerable Importance
to the Masonic fraternity of the State,
and more especially to the members of
the» Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite.
On that" date the Albert Pike Memorial
Temple, on Fillmore street, the new
home of California Scottish Rite bod
ies, will l>e dedicated.,.
This bull ding has been under course
of construction .for the past eight
months, and to celebrate Its; opening:
a grand reunion is to be held, when all
ihc degTeeb of this -beautiful" rltfe^from
the fourth to the thirty-second will be
conferred. •
'California Lodge -of - Perfection, or
ganized" October 1. 1902, now numbers
400. On this occasion the degrees will
be conferred with full scenic effects and
historically correct paraphernalia for
the first time in California. Over $100,
000 has been Invested In this magnifi
cent structure, of. which fully $25,000 is
in Bcenery and costumes alone."
It Is anticipated that many of ? the
IIAl-E'S.
craft from all over the State will take
advantage of this occasion to receive
these degrees, and it is thought* that
many prominent and distinguished vis
itors from other Jurisdictions will grace
the meeting with .their, presence.
..According, to .the .programme . W.
Frank Pierce, thirty-third -. degree," in
spector general for and at the head of
the rite in this State, will preside at i the
dedication ceremony, and on Tuesday,
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday fol
lowing the degrees will ,be conferred by
the degree corps of the "California
Bodies,"- noted for their dramatic ren
dition of the ritual.
On Friday evening: a reception will be
tendered to " the imembers 'and - their
friends, thus. bringing to a close an ocl
casion that will mark an era in" the; his
tory of the "Ancient and Accepted Scot^
tish- Rite of Freemasonry on ' this coast 1 .
Charles Jellinek Is ; the • secretary, .; and
those who. compose the , board.'of direct
ors of , the Albert Pike Memorial'Tem
ple Association are Fred ' J.' R. 'Rlckon,
F. B.^Ladd, William Crocker, - W. *L"
Brobeck and W. C. Ordway. v
AntI- Anarcliist Bill Pa;=ses.
MADRID.Dec. 10.— The Senate to
day passed the Government's: anti-an
archist bilL
.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ; SUNDAY,; .DECEMBER , 11, 1904.
HALE'S.
COUNTY LEITRIM CLUB
ENTERTAINS FREENDS
Fourteenth Annual Ball Among Most
Successful Ever Held by the
f Orsaniziition. \
The fourteenth annual/ ball * of i the
County, LeJtrim Social v Club;. at L Har
mony; Hall last evening was one "of; the
most successful ever h4ld by : that pop
ular '.' organization. .* -Guests ■arrived
earlyVln : the evening X- and ~' departed
early : In the morning^ after enjoying ■ a
night of' 1 merriment ; to I the) fullest ; ex
tent.' -James Morton^proved 'r a'; v cap
able : floor * manager; and ! the'; membera
of the "'several committees.:' did v their
share .toward making J the ", visitors; feel
at home; The : committees ,were ; made
up?as."follows:,-. J: '^IT ". a ./**v-,' .'-','].'..
'' . Arrangements-^P. ' 'M. jMcGushln,
chairman;*,* Stephen * Frank
C6nlan, ! ™James Bohan,^ Peter *McKeon;
James" Monahan, .' ,W.' r Muldoqri," :>P.-
Charles,', O.' Charles,' s' James; ; Maguire,
P.": Hannan,'- Martin" Hahnan,%Matt ; Bo
han, Neal Gallagher. !_„._„.', '
. .^Reception — R., J,< O'Reilly, chair
man; ; J. iC.v.Keegan, Owen Maguire,
Thomas ' Rooney, P.". O'Toole,". Bernard
Drury,; James Foyer- Patrick i McGorty, 1
Ed Wren, .James Woods, - John' Short;
HALE'S.
Bernard Dolan, il. McGrath, Timothy
Higgins. ■:,. ■• /
" Floor— Thomas ~Con way, P. : Mc-
Keon, Thomas ' Maguire, Bernard Do
lan, A. J. Riddell,- Jam.'es . Monahan.
FOURTEEN LADS TRY
■ FOR i TENNIS HONORS
II. McLotae plays From Scratch' and
, Wins First Place at Hotel' -y
■ : f.r>;-' :^ ; '.■ f? ;RafaeL .. •- . » .-,
v v The boys of the ; Golden , Gate Junior
Tennis Club • Journeyed* to I San^Raf ael
yesterday >■ and f played V-a : . ( handicap
singlesjtourfiament - on; the , Hotel^Ra^
fael-courte^i^H/McLalne/lplaying^rom
scratch, the first prized while sec-;
ond > honors « went t to Arthur 'Martinez.
Each received a small r cup.^ As; thera
are* only;, two -courts-at -San Rafael the
matches, consisted Jof v but "one' [ set.": :.' :
■-■; Morris 1 McLaughliri, • the'; champion
of /.thejclub and the most ?heavlljr
handicapped ) player, was IhUhe
semi-finals by, the 'tournament! winner/
iri The r^scores follow:? First ' round— M.'
McLaughlin^owe. 30); beat R.-'yan
Vllet?(3-6),, S 6-4; C W.«Pattersbh*: ? (3-6)
beat H..;Corbly :(3;6);'8-6;*;L^Levin
son (scratch)vbeat H. ;Morris- (3-6), ;
11-9 ; :•; ; T. ■ Riordan "t (15 1-6)- bear G;
HALiE'S.
Gunst,(15.4-6), 6-3; C. Sonntag (5-6)
brat R.Strachan (owe 3-6), 6-4; A.
Martinez (owe 15) beat G.' Morris
(15 4-6). 6-3. Second round— Mc-
Laughlin . • (owe 30) beat Patterson
(3-6 ) ; 6-3 ; H. McLaine (scratch) beat
Levinson "(scartch),, 6-3; J. Strachan
(15 1-6) beat *Riordon (15 1-6), 6-4;
Martinez (owe; 15) 'beat Sonntag
(5-6),J6-0. : Semi-fianls — McLaine
(scratch) b~eat -McLaughlln (owe 30),
6-4 ;v. Martinez (owe ' 15) -Vbeat J.
Strachan i; (15 1-6); 6-4. Finals — Mc
lAine:(scratch) beat Martinez (owe
15)i 4 6-4i; . - -■ ■ 1: .
WANT CASES ADVANCED
; ON_COURT CALENDAR
Solicitor General ,to Ask for Earlier
1 ;: Hcarlhs^of Benson, Hyde and* \
."'■/Dlmorid; Petitions: . ; ; \*
...^WASHINGTON\; ; pec..:i0.'- T The So
licUor^Gerierairwilivnext". Monday .pre
sent'^toVthe'j Supreme Court , Jof ' the
■ United^'S tates : a 'fmqtlon ;"f or the ad^
yancemerit* of i the .hearlngTof * the case
"of J.VA^Bensqn ;VA?, F.' Hyde, and ' H. ■ P.
piniond, noV pending' in that court
on proceedings by these men
in I an -effort . to v = avoid I the -, removal • of
theirv cases to the courts of the District
of Columbia" for trial. ' They were : In-
HALE'S.
dieted . in the Supreme 'Court of the
District for conspiracy to defraud the
Government In Connection with the.en
try of public lands on the Pacific
Coast. ' .
SEVEN OF THE BRITISH OIL
: : SHIP'S CREW DROWNED
Vessel Bound for New York Runs on
Rocks' After Leavlns.
* .Colombo. .
COLOMBO, Ceylon, Dec 10. —^The
British steamer Secundra, bound . for
New York with , a cargo ' of citrone?la
oil, was ".totally -wrecked on the ' »*ocks
while leaving- Galle. 166 miles from.
Colombo,, last, night. - Seven- of the
crew were -drowned.
SU; Louis Briber Sentenced.
' HANNIBAL; ; Mo., 'Dec. 10.— Dr. ! J.
P.- Vef hon of St.'; Loiiis; who . was ' yes
terday convicted"! of bribery" lfT con^
nection with the , selection _of post
office, sites In Missouri cities, was to
day sentenced . to ; the " penitentiary *f or
three years. :,'■';"■
Funeral of French Deputy.
" PARISH Dec. 10.— The ■ remains of
M. Sy veton, the Deputy f rom "' Neullly,
HALE'S.
who was found asphyxiated at his res
idence here, were buried to-day In
Mount Parnessie Cemetery with mil
itary honors. There was no demon
stration and no Incident. ; v
Court Decision Favors Sloan,
1 PARIS. Dec. 10.— Tod Sloan has re
ceived tardy satisfaction In the de
cision on his appeal to the courts
against the order of the Societe d'En
couragement forbidding him to ride
on training tracks. The court re
versed the decision of the inferior tri
bunal, stating that the society's claim
to apply the article of the racing cod©
was unjustified, the Jockey having
committed no infraction of said code.
The decision, however, will not change
Sloan's status, ' as the -society .can ex
clude'him'on the principle of common
law under which the owner of any
property has the right to exclude from
his land any • one he' pleases.
WHEN SEEKING
3Iodern Flats and Up-to-Date
Houses at Moderate Rates you
will find our Hat ami House to
Let' Columns a convenient ref-
erence. ■ •