THE WEATHER.
Forecast mada at Saa Francisco for
thirty hours, «^t midalsM. Decem
ber U:
Saa Traaclsoo and Tldulty— Fair
WewUy; !!«« north wind.
a. h. wiuaok.
Local *"»<■«
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 19.
STOESSEL CLAIMS FOE
SACRIFICED 22,000 MEN
Unprecedented, Slaughter in
Late Port Arthur Fighting.
Japan Loses Two War Craft
TOKIO, Doc 1», 10 a. m. — Tbe Japanese hare lost two torpedo boats
* during the operations against tbe battleship * Sevastopol, which was re
ported yesterday in advices from Port Arthur to have been completely
disabled.
CHEFU, Dec IS.— A portion of the Japanese fleet has left for Slnga
lP°*e to Intercept tlie Baltic fleet. A number of Japanese merchantmen have
•boca Uchtly armed to maintain the blockade of Port Arthur. As soon as
' the remainder of the fleet has finished needed repairs It will sail In the di
trcction of Singapore. -
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec 18. — General Stoessel's latest dispatches from
Port Arthur were published to-day, but, as given out, do not carry the
etory of the garrison's stubborn defense beyond December 10, thus leav
ing a gap of at least five days between the official word of the military
commander and the unofficial story of Commander Mizzeneoff, which
was given out at Chefu. It is not pretended that the dispatches are .pub
lished In fulL They contain much that is of stragretic interest and mat
ter -which it is obviously Impossible to disclose to * the public. The dis
patches have been in the hands of Emperor Nicholas three days, but their
contents were known to few besides his Majesty and his personal aides,
Pricce Orloff and Count Heyden. who deciphered the dispatches.
The story of the operations, as far as It has been given out, is In
tensely interesting and shows that there was an almost uninterrupted as
sault of the most desperate character from November 20 to December 10.
when the Japanese, aXter losing more than 22,000 men, captured 203-Meter
Hill and were able from that position to shell the squadron in the Port
roadstead.
There the official account ends, but it Is explained that the Japanese do
not occupy the top of the hilL, which is still exposed to a deadly fire from
the Russian artillery. The Japanese are using a plunging fire , from very
heavy guns from behind the crest of the hill, but that this fire is efficient
ly directed is shown by the damage suffered by the Russian squadron. The
Japanese are credited with using 11- inch and 16-inch "mortar and Howitz
ers. The effect of these must be most deadly when turned upon the neigh
boring forts
The public reception of General Stcessel's dispatches as* a whole is not
I bad. Every voice is loud in praise o f General Stoessel's defense of Port Ar
thur, while the authorities assert that the main line of forts has not yet
been broken. The Japanese so far have used every device of, engineering
fkill in making approaches, but, with enormous sacrifices, have been able
0 take only the outer line of defenses.
It is declared the garrison prybably will be able to hold out a consider
able time yet.
A matter of much speculation is why the order to take out and sink the
squadron in deep water was not carried out. The only explanation offered
5s that the crews and guns were drafted ashore and that at the. last mo
ment it was impossible to move the ships under the heavy Japanese fire.
HILL STREWN
WITH BODIES
Japanese Fig tit
With Frenzy •
of Madmen.
CHEFU. Dec. 18.— For ferocity and
sustained desperation on both sides,
the struggle for the possession of High
Hill was probably the most remarkable
In the historv of the siege of Port
Arthur — a siese noted for slaughter.
This statement is bared on an interview
■with Commander Mizzeneoff, executive
officer of the battleship Poltava up to
tbe time that vessel was disarmed.
Mizzeneoff, as already told, headed the
party of seven Russians who left Port
Arthur in a sailboat on December 15
and. after extreme suffering ivhile
crossing in a driving snowstorm, ar
rived here on December Lfi, bearing dis
patches which were turned over to the
Russian Consul for transmission to St.
Petersburg. These dispatches, it is un
derstood, consist partly of a statisti
cal report of the effect of the Japanese
bombardments and there is nothing in
them to Indicate that General Stoessel
is without hope that the fortress will
be able to hold out. Commander Miz
zeneoff, who was wounded In the leg
during the battle of High Hill, said:
"Since the Japanese on the 2Sth be
gan their attack on High Hill, which
they call 203- Meter Hill, the fighting
has been continuous. The steep and
tandy slopes of the hill were streaked
and dotted with snow when the Jap
anese began the battle, which was des
tined to fufnish so many deeds of
heroism that they became common
place. There was so much slaughter
that even Port Arthur's war-hardened
\-eterans shuddered at the sight.
"The Japanese were compelled to
clamber up the slopes of the hill, In I
many cases without firing, in the face 1
of one of the most murderous deluges- 1
ever poured from rifles and machine
guns. I was there, and it seemed to me
that flesh ar.d blood would be unable
to stand our fire for a minute. .
ENTIRE COMPANIES FALI*
"The enemy went down in squads
and companies, but always there were
others grimly coming forward. Their
bravery was beyond praise, as was that
of our men. Sometimes the fighting
was hand-to-hand, with the muzzles
of the rifle* at the breasts of the com
batants, the bayonets being used as
swords.
""The sides of the hill were , strewn
with bodies and the snow was crlm- j
soned with the blood of the wounded, ,
some of whom had crawled into it,
seeking In its coldness surcease from
their dying agonies.
"Eventually, as in similar instances
which were to follow, we retired. leav
ing tie work of driving the enemy from
th/* summit to the resistless guns of the
neighboring forts, notably those of
Liaoti Mountain.
"One Incident of this assault will re
main forever impressed on my mind.
XThen tie Japanese standard-bearer
reached • the summit and planted his
"ag a gigantic Russian corporal, with
*n angry cry. l*ft ni » retreating com
rades and. rushing back, seized the
Japanese flag, which be was tearing
■trith his hands and with his teeth when
he fell pierced by several bullets. #
"When the Japanese retired under an
Continued on Pa^e 2. Column 1.
The San Francisco Call.
LONG SERIES
OF ASSAULTS
Stoessel Reports
Twelve Days'
Battle.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. IS.—Gen
eral Stoessel's dispatches to the Em
peror, which were received on Friday
night, were given out to-day. The first
is dated November 25 and is as follows:
"I am happy to inform your Majesty
that on November 20, after an increased
bombardment, the Japanese attacked
one of the forts on the northeastern
front and leaped with a portion of the
forces on the parapet. They were an
nihilated by rifle fire and the bayonet
and thrown back into the trenches.
Their reserves were scattered by shrap
nel. •
".From November 21 '.*** November 23
the enemy violently bombarded the
fort, and in spite of great losses ef
fected by their perseverance a passage
between two forts on the northeastern
front.
"At 5:30 o'clock in the evening of No
vember 23. after heavy firing, the Japa
nese suddenly hurled themselves
against several works on this front and
seized a portion of the trenches, but
they were thrown back by the reserves
after a fierce bayonet struggle.
"They returned to the assault at mid.
night and again occupied a part of the
trenches, but were annihilated by our
bayonets. At 2 o'clock in the morning
all was over, and your Majesty's heroic
troops were able to rest and started re
pairing the damage caused by the bom
bardment.
HEAVY JAPANESE 3X)SS.
"From the 20th to the 24th the Japa
nese lost more than 2000 men. All of
our troops behaved as heroes. The fol
lowing especially distinguished them
selves: Generals Kongdr.-.tenko. Nlkl
tin (commander of the artillery) and
Gorbatowsky. and Lieutenant Colonel
Naoumenko.
[A dozen other officers In lower
grades are mentioned in the dispatch.]
"Bombardment of the town and har
bor continues daily. A number of
buildings have been destroyed and the
harbor has sustained some damage. The
garrison is In ekcellent spirits." <
In another dispatch, dated November
28, General Stoessel said:
'•The 26th and 27th were the bloodiest
days In the assaults on Port Arthur.
The attacks began on the night of the
25th against our left flank, near Pigeon
Bay. The first was repulsed with great'
loss to the Japanese. The same night j
the enemy attacked a detachment on |
Panlung Mountain, but were repulsed, .'
as also was their attack on Visokaia
(203-Meter Hill). -
"On the 26th the Japanese began to
bombard and attack fiercely the forts
on the north front and advanced
trenches. The trenches repeatedly
changed hands. .Nevertheless, on the
night of the 26th we threw back : the
Japanese at the point of the bayonet. '
"The enemy succeeded in blowing up
the parapet of one of the forts and be
gan building ~ parallels there. At an
other fort on the same night they laid
.racks along the rampart, but our artil
lerly disperse them. 1 Toward 10 o'clock
in the evening the; Japanese attacked
a battery on our left flank in consider
able strength and at first, obtained pos-
Continued on ' Page 2, ' Column ; 2.
SAN FRANCISCO, ; M OND A Y v DECEMBER .19, 1904.
BIG RIOTS
IN STREETS
OF MOSCOW
Many Are Injured in
Revolutionary
Outbreak,
Crowds Clash With Police
From Noon Until . .
Evening.
Great Mobs Move Through the City
tinging and Shouting "Long
Live Freedom."
MOSCOW, Dec. 18. — This city was
the scene of a revolutionary demon
stration to-day from noon till nearly
evening. Probably 5000 persons act
ually participated. Fortunately the
agitators did not succeed in drawing
the worklngmen from the factories
into the disturbance and after many
collisions the police firing blank vol
leys and charging with their sabers,
the crowds finally were dispersed.
Many were wounded and more were
arrested. As far as known, none of
the rioters was killed. One police
man Is reported fatally injured. Many
on both sides were roughly, handled.
. The authorities knew in advance
that trouble was impending and many
houses along Tverskaia street ; 'were
specially guarded. Several squadrons
of mounted gendarmes were concealed
In' thjj; courtyards of houses ready* for
an emergency. The crowds^-began'td'
collect at midday in Tverskaia street,
students, young men and women mix-
Ing with the general public. .The thor
oughfare was soon congested with a
mass of humanity which converged £0
Strastnla Square. There 3000 persona
assembled, many armed with clubs
and carrying flags. The crowd, sing
ing, moved toward the palace of
Grand Duke Sergius, the Governor
General of Moscow.
BREAK INTO GROUPS.
The police attempted to block the
street, whereupon the trouble began
in earnest. The crowd broke through
the cordon and one policeman was
knocked down and, it is thought, fa
tally hurt. Battalions of police were
brought up at double quick to rein
force their comrades. Sticks and
stones were freely used by the mob,
and the police, under orders of their
chief, flred several blank volleys, while
mounted men charged, using the flats
of their swords. The mob fought
stubbornly, but finally broke and
sought shelter in the side streets.
Many of the demonstrators paraded
on side streets in smaller groups, wav
ing flags and singing. A crowd of 500
collected in front of the theater,
where revolutionary flags were hois'ted
amid shouts of "Long live Freedom!"
The police were not prepared at this
point and the crowd, gathering. in
volume, moved from the square to
NegHna street and Koominestki
bridge, the chief street of Moscow,
where the police met them. Another
stubborn fight ensued, ending with
three blank volleys and saber charges.
The disturbance continued at Isolat
ed spots throughout the afternoon.
Many shops were turned Into hospi
tals, where the wounded were tempo
rarily cared for.
The workmen held aloof from the
demonstration, . employers having giv
en them warning that any who parti
cipated would be dismissed. ,.
DEMANDS FOR REFORMS.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 18. — The
disturbances were to-day confined to
Moscow. The Socialistic revolutionary
party in St. Petersburg has decided to
abstain from further demonstrations,
many of their leaders having been ar
rested or wounded on December 11
and no further trouble is likely unless
mobilization of reserves is proclaimed
for this city or In the event of the fall
of Port Arthur. Meanwhile a group
of lawyers is collecting evidence upon
which they purpose to institute pro
ceedings against the police for the al
leged ill treatment of prisoners in the
affair of December 11.
A meeting of 404 undergraduate
girls of the medical institute, to-day
passed resolutions of sympathy with
Sasonieff, under sentence to imprison
ment for the murder of Minister von
Plehve. Another resolution adopted
demands liberal reforms. The meet
ing wound up with shouts of "Down
with. autocracy" and "Long live free
dom!" .
At a banquet of engineers to-night
resolutions similar to those adopted by
the Zenistvoists were passed.
CHICAGO'S MAYOR COJIIXG
WEST FOR THE WINTER
Harrison Attracted to Los Angeles
Through the Glowing: Accounts
of His Private Secretary. . ,
LOS ANGELES, Dec." 1 8 I—Mayor.
Carter Harrison of Chicago expects to
arrive in this city shortly; after the
holidays for an extended outing. 4 His
private secretary, Edward LahifT, is
now: here and is making the necessary
nreparations for the reception of his
Chief.
" z Lahlff has become an-. ardent ad
mirer of Southern California : and his*
glowing descriptions have had : much
to do with l Mayor. Harrison's determi
nation 1 to ; spend ' a . portion < of \ the win%
ter r ' here. ,- Harrison is coming IT pri
marily; for -the benefit of his son, -who
is* In" ill health. -
GOOD NAMES
OF BIG MEN
IN JEOPARDY
Sensation Expected
in Oregon Land
MuiGase.
Senator MitcMl Hurrying
Home to Face Federal
Grand Jury.
Congressman Binger Hermann, a Promi
nent Attorney and Other Ore
gonians May Be Indicted.
Special Dispatch to The Ca.ll.
PORTLAND, Dec. 18.— A United
States Senator hurrying to Portland as
fast as steam will bear him in order to
prevent his indictment by the Federal
Grand Jury, a Congressman who from
now on will momentarily expect to
learn that he has been indicted, a
prominent attorney and scion of one of
the^oldest and best known pioneer fam
ilies of Oregon, ' with Government
agents, timber men and other small fry
in a quantity sufficient to nil out the
balance of the cast are the dramatis
personae who will figure in the act of
the investigation of the land frauds
scandal on which; the curtain will rise
to-morrow morning.
In pursuance of an order of Federal
Judge C. B. Bellinger, E issued at • the
time the second land fraud trial v.as
postponed till- next March, the Grand
Jury will convene to-morrow to-con
sMer a vast amount of evidence which
the Government inspectors have been
slowly gathering during the .last two
years. When that, jury is adjourned it
is expected that theUnited States Sen
ator from' Oregon,: Johb'/Hipple" Mitch
ell; Representative to (Congress and ex-
Commissioneriof the^ General Xend. Of
fice TBinger.^Hermann^ignil S J FrankHa
PJerce J , t ( Mays»5attt)rn<lr; r: yHlt ; havesbeen
iij^^^a-rfoi^wrng'^rj^'ib^tting^in^a
conspiracy, to defraud. the\Unite'd States
of a portion' of the public domain. ' : /
According to Mitchell's announced in
tention, he left Washington to-night for
the ostensible purpose of giving testi
mony before the jury. It is -said: that
there are those who have been convict
ed of conspiracy to defraud who are not
at all satisfied with the prospect of
playing the scapegoat. It is said that
these men have talked to the Govern
ment representatives in an effort .to
save themselves from the terms in
prison that are staring them in the
face.
It is known that at the last session* of
the Grand Jury an indictment of Her
mann was seriously, considered, but the
evidence, was not sufficient to warrant
the action. It is true that Hermann
was not asked to come back to testify
before the Grand Jury, but there is
strong reason to believe that he will be
a subject of discussion in the Grand
Jury room this . week. Irvin Rltten
house, at one time Hermann's private
secretary, is in the city and Is in com
munication with representatives of the
Government. .
In. connection with Hermann is re
vived the story. of the, missing records
which could not be found after Her
mann went out of office. Forty-one
books, or parts of them, in which was
the correspondence of the office, can
not be found. There Is a story that
some time before Hermann went out of
office he directed a clerk to cut certain
volumes in half and that the stubs be
returned to him. The stubs, it is said
were later destroyed. '
F. Pierce Mays, the attorney, is link
ed with Mitchell and Hermann in what
ever might have been, done by all of
them. He gave the letter of introduc
tion to Puter to give to Mitchell
There are others in . the game and
f on ?u ° f ,.l hem , a .l e m 0 e " of ' Wsh standing
in the life of the State, at whom the
ringer of suspicion points. * The lesser
knaves have been caught; the 1 week to
come perhaps will mark the entangle
ment of the bigger . rogues.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 19. __ Senator
Mitchell and Representative Blnger
Hermann of [ Oregon left Washington
last night for Portland. Both < Senator
Mitchell and Mr. Hermann declare | in
most positive terms that they are ab
solutely innocent, of complicity in the
land frauds have : nothing to fear
from returning to Oregon. Both 5 assert
with equal positivehess ." that the time
has come when , "this outrageous perse
cution must stop." They < will • insist
upon'. their, right to go before the Grana
Jury and .make answer to all charges
that may be made against them! con
fident that they >will be able to estab
lish their, innocence. They expect to
have a hearing on Saturday. . '
Senator" Mitchell sent' this telegram
yesterday to" District Attorney Hall
and Assistant Attorney General
Henev: * :: ' ' ,■ i '* ■'.";.- ,-. ' \-. .:.• ; ...
"I will ibe in .Portland next Satur
day. I demand, a i thorough investiga
tion before the : . Grand . Jury of
charges, if : any -have , * ; been < made
against me. I also demand a right to
appear as'a witness before the Grand
Jury." ■-■■ '■'-■' ■■■'■ '•'.' • ■ \. • .';.;
; Re i,resentative "Hermann . before
ieaVinclmade, thisstatement:' * .
"Information": having J been 'receive 3
that thert-;; was a probability: that an
attempt .would be 'made ? to involve
Senator Mitchell ;and myself in the
Grand Jury: investigation as, to land
frauds.in Oregon, ; I" believe :it' to be
my duty , to :- proceed to * Portland and
there ask the privilege of meeting .my
charges "which ' nw ? be * preferred V '
LACROSSE^WIs.. -Dec 18.— Mrs. Hor
ace^ G. : McKlnley ,) has * been .. granted^ a
divorce . from ; her r husband, I H. :'% G." , Mc-
Kinley, iwho.wasj convicted '- of . : fraud * in
connection V with % timber. ; land > deals in
Oregon andtwhois;n6w, ; underj bonds'* in
Oregon i awaiting I trial f on -j a ' second', in
dictment.'tMrs.'JMcKinley was ; formerly
Miss =" MamleJEdwards * of .] "West ? Salem.
They; had been'married five "years. ; r ' ' \
MAY FIND IDEAL LOVER FOR
A STORY HERE.
Western: Prospector. Gives fair Aatfioress inspiration
i CLEVER YOUNG WOMAN NOVEL- t
1ST. WHO IS NOW VISITING IN
! ' ' SAN FRANCISCO. I
BANK BILLS
FALL PREY
TO FLAMES
Express Company
Suffers Loss of
$230,000.
Special DIroatch to The Call
'WORCESTER, Mass.. 18.—
Adams Express Company lost nearly
a quarter of a million dollars in a * fire
which destroyed at Webster Junction
one of its cars on the Boston and Al
bany Railroad train that left New Tork
a t u o'clock on Thursday night and
was due to arrive in Boston soon after
6 o'clock on Friday morning.
The loss included ; $200,000 in bank
bills and coupon' bonds, all the nego
tiable paper in ' transit from New Tork
banks to Boston "banks, . $4000 worth of
bills consigned from New York to the
Worcester national banks, $3000 worth
of merchandise, at least $6000 worth
of jewelry and , other valuables, the
exact value of -which was not known
by the company, officials to-day.
The merchandise was insured for $10,
000 through the agency of a New York
company, leaving the loss to the com
pany about" $230,000.
The safe was taken from the ruins
at Webster Junction on Friday with
the door Intact and to all appearances
none the worse for having gone
through; the flames. When the safe
was opened in Boston/ It was found
that Its valuable contents had been de-,
stroyed. The fifty or sixty packages
nreserved their form, but they were
so badly charred that it Js believed it
will be impossible to obtain the re
demption of any. of the bills or -bonds.
The packages were burned to a. crisp,
and • the moment they were ; touched
crumbled! to; ashes. ■-■•
The fire followed an explosion . of ; a
kerosene lamo In ; the express . car.
DAUGHTER OF WEALTHY
PLANTER^ IS MURDERED
Prominent Young Man Disappears
When the Tragedy Is
v Discovered.
HUNTINGTON,* W. Va.. Dec. .18.—
The body '':• of Rose '} JVTiite.'
the** '-18-year-old "daughter ; of r Harlan
White, a wealthy, planter^ has-, been
found : the* snow v near ?■ Chapmans
ville.' * Ai'cllnching iron found nearby
was ' stained "< wi th ; blood and ; the J sur
roundings indicated; a struggle"./: A.'
prominent young man has disap-*
peared. K>^ j\ '..'">
/f • . : - ■•
* '// THE THEATERS.
VO/^ZAR— "Peaceful Valley."
CJkijFORKIA— "Sis Hopkins."
J&LUMBIA— "Th« Billionaire."
XENTRAlr— "Two Little TV&lfs."
CHUTES— <Vaudevllle. Matinee to-daj.
FISCHERS'— Vaudeville. Matine* to
day.
GRAND — "In Dahomey."
MAJESTIC — "Jim Bludsot** i
ORPHEUil— Vaudeville,
TIVOU- "Kins Dodo."
POISONED
LUNCHEON
KILLS HER
Atrocious Murder oi
, Young Girl in
Colorado.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Dec*. 18. —
The body of a girl who is believed
to have been murdered, has been
found on Mount Cutler by two resi
dents of this city,, who were survey
ing there. The body was lying face
downward across a log. An attempt
to destroy the features and prevent
Identification by burning had been
rnade. Near the body were found a
few hairpins and an empty bottle that
had contained gasoline, but every
stitch of clothing had been removed.
The woman had light brown hair,
was about 30. years of age, about five
feet six inches. In height and weighed
about 140 pounds. From the appear
ance of the body death occurred about
a week or ten days ago.
The body has been placed in the
hands of Coroner. Law, who will em
panel a jury to-morrow. Detectives
are at work on the case.
The body is that of a girl about 18
years of gae, five feet In height and
weighing about 125 pounds. It bears
every indication of refinement. The
fingers have martys of rings having
been worn, but no jewelry was found.
The head, shoulders and portions of
the breast were badly burned, but the
hair had burned so slightly that.lt was
only partially destroyed. That which
is left is of a , light-brown color and
would indicate that the deceased was a
blonde. The left upper cuspid tooth,
being the third from the center, wears
a gold crown. There is every indication
that the young woman died of poison.
The theory most favored by the officers
is ,that the girl was a visitor, prob
ably, from the East;, that she was in
duced by some man to accompany him
for an outing, and that he killed her by
means of a poisoned luncheon.
A reward for the recovery of . the
girl's clothing or any part that will
lead to' her identification has been of
fered ' by the authorities. A post
mortem examination will be made to
morrow.
Telegrams were sent out to-nlsrht to
the Chiefs of Police of Phlladelohia. St
Louis and other cities, giving a de
scription of the dead girl. Thev were
sent upon. the; theory that the girl was
killed by some person who found that
she stood in the way of valuable prop
erty,or an' inheritance. , .
Near the point where, the body was
found the . officers discovered a card
bearing the name and address of a St.
Louis man . and a prescription blank
bearing the name of Dr. F. Kline
Baker, 3019 Diamond street. Philadel
phia; and "the name of Comp. drucrKlst.
Thirtieth "and Diamond streets. Phila
delphia.
(PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 18.— D. E. F.
Kline said to-night that: he knew noth
ing of ; the. Colorado murder case. He
explained the presence * of his prescrip
tion" blanks on Mount Cutler by. saying
that" he spent several days at Colorado
: Springs last ' summer and " that he car
ried*, with him a pad of his prescription
blanks for, the • purpose of making
memoranda. He says; he may" have
dropped .some (of them and that they
may have been blown' about ; by. the
wind! He 1 remembers having given one
to : a photographer, who took his. photo
graph. . .
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Miss Rives Paying
First Visit to
City.
Miss Hall!* Erminle Rives, the young
Virginia authoress, who 13 rapidly ad
vancing to a position in the literary
world close to that held by her dis
tinguished cousin. Emelle Rives, the
Princess of Troubetskoy, arrived ia
this city yesterday and is staying at
the St. Francis Motel. Miss Rives U
leisurely touring the West in search for
a central character around which she
proposes to soon weave a story of love.
It is her first visit to San Francisco,
and although she had been in this city
but a part of yesterday she availed her
self of the time afforded her to care
fully view the Western metropolis
from a seat in a motor car and finished
her trip thoroughly" enraptured with
the city. —
"San Francisco is indeed an interest
ing place, far more so than I had pic
tured in my mind," remarked this
bright-eyed critic and writer as sha
reclined in a chair in the lobby of the
St. Francis Hotel last evening? and re
cited her experiences of the day. "Do
you know that it reminds one a bit of
Paris, though your hills quickly dispel
an idea that one is traveling over tha
flat roadways of the French metropolis.
The strongest resemblance to Paris is
found in your business part of town,"
and with this peculiar style of Intro
duction Miss Rives permitted the con
versation to quickly turn to the real
purposes of her presence in the Far
West. " 7, .'«-
"I am very eager to find a typical
Western character for- my new story,
which will be a romance of love. I
have got ' the general run of the story
pretty well mapped out in my mind,
but possibly it may be materially
changed before I have finished my trip
over the coast. I had thought that I
might find my character In the person
or persons of several Western farmers,
but when I had visited Butte, Mont.,
and other big Western mining centers
I was not slow in realizing that my
search 'should thereafter be pursued
among mining men. I think that object
wttJ? be finally accomplished in the se
lection ;o.£,a- prospector. ■ • V< 4 '.. '
;";"To my mind he'nnjsifr.a«c.essarily be
a'rather tan, somewhat lfi&n but-force
ful fellow, to enable me to portray In
words the lover that I have conceived.
I do not think the too robust man ap
pears in romance as an interesting
v/ooer. I refer to him. as the central
character of my story, for I do not al
ways fancy heroes. My Judgment
prompts me to picture him as tall and
slender, but with a good pair of shoul
ders, suggestive of ruggedness of the
Western adventurer, who has lived by
his own work- Not a man, mind you.
who Is booted with coarse leather and
slovenly attire, .but a fellow who is
careful of his appearance in so far as
the rough conditions will permit, and
is possessed of knowledge gained by
experience in the field of labor In
which he is employed. In other words
a plain but sensible fellow."
Miss Rives has traveled a great deal
during her short life, and has undoubt
edly made a close study of the men
she has met, for she made some rather
cutting remarks regarding some of
them during her Interview last even-
Ing. Her opinion is decidedly settled
on the point that the wearing of tha
hair long and carelessly arranged does
not always suggest genius, and she la
also firm in her belief that the fop
pishly dressed man is not the gentle
man that many foolish girls are in
clined to suppose.
A CONFUSION* OF NAMES.
Of her most recent production, "The
Castaway," in which Lord Byron la
selected as her leading character — a
story that has received most flattering
criticisms — Miss Rives said that her re
gret was that the public had. for some
unexplained reason, multiplied her
hero and persistently referred'to the
title of the book as "The Castaways."
"I have been frequently annoyed by
hearing the story referred to as "The
Castaways,'" said Miss Rives, "and
have tried In vain to discover how thi.9
mistake had become so general. Never
theless, I have had a high ambition
partly realized in the success of th»
book and have entered upon the task
of writing another story with a great
deal of enthusiasm."
It Is the Intention of the authoress
to remain in San Francisco for several
weeks and then proceed south to Los
Angeles, visiting the various pretty
places of Southern California en route.
She has only recently returned from
an extended trip abroad, where sha
visited all the principal capitals and
gave as much of her time, as possible
to the gathering of impressions of the
people and acqulrinc Inspiration for
future literary work.
%SKS FOR TWO DIVORCES
IX A SINGLE PETITION"
Omaha Woman Applies for a Double
Decree and the Court Is
1 Pnzzlcd.
OMAHA, Dec. 18.— Can a woman be
divorced from two husbands at once?
This Is the question which the Omaha
courts are called upon to answer. Mrs.
Mary C. Bennett, an Omaha woman,
wants to be a widow with the aid of
the law in order to obtain a pension
from the Government. Mrs. Bennett's
firs? -husband was killed In the Civil
War Subsequently she married Josiah
Martin who later deserted her. Three
years afterward she married Bennett,
and he too. finally deserted her.
Yesterday Mrs. Bennett filed a suit
for divorce against both Martin and
Bennett, alleging desertion and askin?
that she be made the legal widow of
the Union soldier in order that she may
obtain a pension. Two divorces are
asked for in the same petition.
Alleged Embexzler Cauzht.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. IS.— C. A.
Fuller/charged with emb<*z:dement by
Frank M. Jones, a bicycle dealer hav
ing stores In Sacramento and Los An
geles, was arrested in San Dieco to
day.2
VICTORY GAINED , !
BY JAPANESE AT
APPALLING COST
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
artillery fire the Russians reoccupied
i he summit.
XO QUARTER GIVEX
"The second and third assaults were
replicas of the first, although the sec
«*d was the most ferocious, being near
ly all hand-to-hand fighting, in which
quarter was neiiher asked nor given.
"A remarkable incident occurred in
the third assault- As the Russians,
fctill facing: the enemy, retreated a Jap
anese standard-bearer, holding his flag
aloft, climbed the pinnacle and v fell
dead, clutching the colors. In his
tracks another arose with the colors,
only to- fall instantly with a dozen
wounds in his body. Six others follow
ed and met the same fate. At last,
when the ninth man appeared, a Rus
t^San officer exclaimed:
" *Don"t shoot that fellow with the
flag — it will be planted anyhow?* .
"'The Japanese adopted a curious ex
pedient, which assisted them greatly in
the third assault. They had prepared
huge piles of wood, coal and cornstalks,
which they ignited, the wind being in
the faces qf the Russians. The result
ant lire was immense and the flames
and srucrke compelled the Russians to
retire.
VVOlXDliD BClttED WJTil DEAD.
"The red glare from this fire dis
t Iospq a ghastly picture, more infernal
than ever dreamed by Dante. The as
jEtudts thus far had cost the Japanese
easiiy 12,000 men, while our own losses
■were under 2000. The 6ides of the hill
wore litc-ra!ly covered by dead and
wounded. The trenches were rivulets
cif biood and every visible spot was
dyed ctixasoiL
• 'We might retake the hill,' said
General Stoessel, 'but the hill is not
(if sufficient importance to us to justify
further sacrifice.*
'Since then numerous smaller en
♦-ngagements have been waged, but the
respectability for keeping the Japanese
ircm occupying the hill in force or
from mounting guns thereon has been
left mair.ly to the shrapnel fire from
other forts. Even the Japanese who
sinsiy use the hill to observe the har
bor do so at great periL
"Following the third assault an
armistice of five hours was agreed
upon to bury the dead. In this task
gieat speed was necessary. The Japa
nese undoubtedly made many awful
mistakes and beyond doubt heaps of
bodies containing helpless wounded
were shoveled in masses into the pits
and trenches- The Japanese could not,
owing to the darkness and their fever
ish haste, distinguish between the dead
and the wounded. -' • :
"Scarcely an officer participating in
the battle of High Hill escaped unhurt
and the proportion of young officers
killed was very high."
A Japanese camp follower who saw a
portion of the fighting at 203-Meter
Hill and who arrived here from Dalny
to-day says that Commander Miz
reneoft's description of the fighting is
not exaggerated. He believes, how
ever, that the Russian losses were
heavier than stated by Commander
Mizzeneoff, as the Russians repeatedly
brought up re-enforcements until it
seemed that the entire garrison must
have been Sn that section. The Russian
dead, he says, were indiscriminately
mingled with the heaps of Japanese
dead. The slope of 203-Meter Hill be
ing very steep and smooth, the Japa
nese prepared for their advance by
shelling the hillside. The sheUs in ex
ploding hollowed out foothold?. In
some instances the Japanese found
1/roteetion behind the heaps of their
»>-.vn dead.
FOOD PRICES TREBLED
Serious Shortage Probable in the Vi
cinity of Mnkden.
GENERAL OKU'S HEADQUAR
TERS. Dec. 18. — There is a proba
bility ot a serious shortage of food and
fuel among the Chinese this winter.
Firewood costs $40 a ton. The price
of Chinese food has been trebled and
the end of the supply is in sight.
The Japanese are paying treble
prices for Chinese labor and also are
paying the market prices for all fuel
and other supplies purchased.
WILL SEE PORT ARTHUR FALL.
American Attache Leaves Tokio to
Join Nozi's Army.
TOKIO. Dec. 18. — Captain J. . E.
Kuhn of the United States Engineer
Corps, who was a military attache
with General Oku's army and who
after the fighting on the Shakhe River
spent a week with the besieging army
at Port Arthur, observing the opera
tions there, has been reassigned and
will witness the fall of Port Arthur.
He left for the front to-day from the
Shinbashi station. - . : v,, ,-.
SLAV FLEET ABANDONED.
Efforts to Save the Port Arthur "War
dships Are Relinquished.
TOKIO. Dec. 19. 11 a. m.— Official
reports state that the Russians at
Port Arthur have abandoned the bat
tleships Perenviet, Poltava. Pobieda
and Retvlzan and the cruisers Pallada
and Bayan.
ADVE3RTISE3nEXTS. __~
frL^llir m H0L1{HY SR0CER1ES m Li Q l! ° ls &]b
w£&S i -482^ I OZ.SOST COMPA.JTT ' OX.SO2TS MARKET jBS». gi»/
BgBftnVriar 813 Market St. 511-913 Market.
W^JSpBaL. I Tel. Mala 890. TeL 3 oath 832. jfSJjtnWTHBM
£vf%&* GEOCBKIE3
FANV.'T CAVE COD CRANBERRIDS, quart 1Oc "^^^5
tgcG OOI.D DUET CORN MEAU 10-pound sack 22c
ySJ CHOICE JAPAN RICK. 7 pounds <I-arge and f^lect) . 'ITtf V#|
\W GHIRARDEULI'S CHOCOLATE, ground, one-pound can .. ..25e
Iw _ w SUGAR PEAS, (twfft and tender, rer. 2 for 25c). 3 cans 25c W
U THOMPEDN'S SEEDLESS SULTANAS. KOTAL ANNE CHERRIES can lOc «
5 K und wV» .V 1Oc In clear, thick nyrup. Rer. 20e" M
M Bleached. Re*, l&c. " : EXTRA COFFEE SPECIALS— It r»1*ht ■
ft CHILI TOMATOES. 3 can. 25c Java and Mocha. pt^ndTTT^ 22c I
fjf Red hot. Reg. 2 for 25c. ' Reg. 35o I
I SEEDED RAISIN'S, regular Hire pack- Fancy Cc»ta Rica *tt^> I
, ««• .' 5c Reg. 30c. ' <-UC I
; LARGE SANTA CLARA PRUNES. 7 French Breakfast Coffee it- I
VOun<iK 25c Reir. 20c pound .'" !
v -Fta* flavor and tweet. CHESTER RAISINS .1 Dounda 2S« i
! ROAST CHICKEN AND TURKET. 2- FANCY MIXED NUTS Tk2 I
pound can <worth SOc).. 15c Reg. SOc pound.
X.IQUOBS.
A^F T cS^^ RED TXES ~ •«« GO .VP V PP^ COCKTAILS, bottle... 9Oc
i A Ctaret, ral 3,",c AH kinds— Manhattan Vermouth rin '
I Extra Zmfandel. sal «5c Whisky and Martini IS SI 25
I>HY lffl^,fe: -- 75C <^^»5TAlL CHERRIES^ Re *' * 125 -
DRY \\ HITE XV INES— French, full size bottle. BOe
Hock type, gal 5(>c EDOHWOOD WHISKEY, full ot «1 OO
!?K ra .J )IT « S * UUair ;- E * 1 -"'- P* 5 AMERICAN GOLD WH1SKBT— **
»,^fT ten^- 6 >fcar * °M-~..: ..V. .:..»Oc Bourbon, full quart bottle BOc •
B ?^£, BL>A £' CA S\\ r EET WINES- HUNTER RYKWHfSKEY,'Va*r.V*3.2; 1
a™SL%, I?*' T 17 ' m '~' GOLD MEDAL 'BOURBON' '»l*'?ir75 I
Apptwed by wine connoisaeurg— fully HUDSON'S OLD JAMAICA RUM 85c I
•^^^T.^T^Sfe: BeS^LANC^^R^DY^^T^C I
'. T^^S-WOKK-Kiu&ig AP^^T^RA^^boft^.?. 1 : 0 ?:^ I
t>0 * t '*' - • •" • - .-75c . Imported and California. ~ Rer." $1.25. I
g>m>Prlc— Good at Wath and WaaWmrtoa Streets, Oakland.' -/§-_
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
session of a portion of the works, but
cur heroes brought bayonets into use!
nnd the Japanese retired, leaving a !
heap of their men. ' Along the whole
front the Japanese reopened a violent !
fire against the interior of the fortress, (
keeping it up until 5 O'clock on the;
morning of November 27.
"The help which God sent us on the j
birthday of our mother, the Czarina, j
gave us further victory." ;
PRAISES. BRAVE OFFICERS; >r j
The message mentions the same four
officers as given in the preceding dis- i
patch, together with several others j
who especially distinguished them- ;
selves. ••^•Vv v i
A further dispatch from General ;
Stoessel, dated November 30, said:
"Since November 27 the Japanese !
have been carrying on a violent bom- j
bardment and making incessant as- j
saults in considerable force against ;
Vieokaia (203-Meter. Hill). Their as- ;
aaults were repulsed"
On December 12 (December 2) Gen- !
oral Stoessel reported as follows: j
"The twelve days' assault which com- j
menced on November 20 was' definitely ;
repulsed last night. I am happy to say
that your Majesty's heroic troops alone
could have been capable of doing this.
There has rever been such a fierce as- .
sault. The following contributed prin
cipally to its repulse: General Kong
dratenko, Nikltin and Gorbatowsky
and Colonels Irrmann and Erettakoff,
and Lieutenant Colonels Naoumenko
and Gandourlne. It is thanks to them
and the heroic officers and naval sharp
phooters and the artillerymen that
Port Arthur succeeded again In resist
ing. The Japanese, according to the
prisoners and Chinese, lost at least
20.000 men. ' : (
"We request your prayers and those
of the mother Empress, which are";
manifestly shielding us. ;
"As general aide-de-camp to your ,
Majesty I have expressed your Majes- .
ty's thanks to the garrison." i
f HILL FINALLY TAKEN. j
On December 5 General Stoessel re- '
ported: . ;
"At 7 o'clock a. m. the Japanese, !
having concentrated all their forces, •
began an assault at Visokaia Hill, j
bombarding it simultaneously with
eleven-inch and sixteen-inch shells, i
Toward evening the Japanese succeed- j
ed in obtaining possession of the crest
Of the hill and immediately got two :
machine guns into position thereon. :
"Among the wounded are General !
Tsperinsky and Lieutenant Colonel '■
Boutonssoff of the Frontier Guards. \
Colonel Irrmann performed prodigies i
of valor."
General Stoessel's last dispatch is j
dated December 10 and says:
"Since the capture. of Visokaia Hill j
our ships in the harbor have been suf
rering from eleven-inch Japanese j
shells. General Tsperinsky succumbed j
to his wounds. ;
"The troops are in excellent spirits.V
THIRD PACIFIC SQUADRON.
Work on Russian Vessels In the Baltic
Is Being- Hurried.
LIBAU, Dec. 18.— Work is beine hur
ried upon the vessels fof the prospective
third Pacific squadron. All of the ships
are being stripped and their machinery
overhauled, in preparation for a long
voyage. At present there is a shortacre
of workmen, but this, it is expected,
will soon be remedied.
BT.. PETERSBURG. Dec. 18.—Admi
ral Birileff, who has gone to Llbau to
superintend the completion and prepa
ration of vessels still in the Baltic Sea.
in a letter to the press ha# administered
a rebuke to tfyose naval .officers who
have been engaged in a newspaper con
troversy relative to the auestion
whether Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's
squadron is strong enough to cope with
the ships of Vice Admiral Toko, with-,
out reinforcements. Admiral Birileff ex-'
presses the affirmative opinion on this
point, declaring that beyond question
the Japanese ships have suffered se
verely, as evidenced by the fact that
the Japanese have ordered one hundred
and dght armor plates, fourteen, for
the battleship Mikasa alone. Neverthe
less, he considers it to be absolutely
vital to prepare a third sauadrpn.
should It prove necessary to support, or
replace the second squadron. ' '
The admiral says every day's/ delay
is a misdemeanor and every, week's'de
lay a crime. The business of naval,offi
cers, therefore, he remarks, is to lay
aside their pens until the war is over
and attend to business. There is no'
time now to try to locate the blame
for the fact that Russia's navy was no
better prepared. *
"As a matter of fact," Admiral Biri
leff says, "we are all guilty. If . our
heads are still on our shoulders it is
due to the forbearance of my lone-suf
fering Emperor."
New Generals In Command
MUKDEN. Dec. 1 8. — General Kuro
patkin, on December 17, at a parade
of all the available troops, formally
invested Generals Grippenberg, Line
vitch and Kaulbars with the com
mand of their respective armies.
THE ;SAN : FRANCISCO. CALL,. MONDAY, 19/1904.
GALE PLAYS
HAVOC WITH
SHIPPING
Vessels Ofl* Coast of/ the
North Atlantic States" Suf
fer From Fury of the Se
verest Storm in Many Years
•— —
LONG ISLAND HAS
THREE FEET OF SNOW
New York City Under 3Iantle
of White— With Clearing
of Weather the Sleighs
Crowd Park and Speedway
NEW YORK, Dec. 18 —The snow
storm and gale which struck the coast
yesterday afternoon and continued un
til the early hours of this morning was
the most violent that «has occurred in
several years. Reports from the New
Jersey and New England coast and
from incoming steamers tell of furious
gales and many disasters.
At Vineyard Haven more than fifteen
schooners anchored in the harbor were
blown ashore early to-day and .several
others were damaged in collisions. Off
the Bay Head, N. J.*, life-saving sta
tion, the schooner Lizzie H". Bray ton',
bound for Providence, R. ' I., from
Baltimore, went ashore, the crew be
ing rescued by the life savers.
The Cunarder Urabrta and the Amer
ican,'liner St. Paul, both of which ar
rived to-day, reported heavy weather
and adverse gales during the whole
passage. The Anchor line steamship
Astoria, bound for Glasgow, went
ashore to-day in the lower bay, but
was later floated without injury and
proceeded. Most of the Sound steam
ers were late in arriving at their piers.
THOUSANDS SHOVEL SNOW. I
In the rl\er and harbor the traffic
was almost at a standstill for a while.
So heavy was the snowfall that lights
could not be seen on the river: a 'boat's
length ahead and ferryboats and other
craft proceeded at a diminished speed,
blowing whistles and feeling their way
cautiously through the blinding storm.
No accident of any moment -was re
ported. ;
- In the city the snow, which began
yesterday afternoon, fell almost with
out intermission until early this morn
ing, by which time 8 inches had de
scended. There was little interrup
tion of traffic, 13,000 snow shovelers
and 4000 teams being set to work as
soon as the snow ceased falling to
clean the principal thoroughfares- In
the afternoon the weather cleared, and
with the coming of bright sunshine
Central Park and the speedway were
thronged with sleighs. . -' '- ;
Three feet of snow on the level was
the record of the storm in the east end
of Long Island, and' as a result trains
were delayed. One " train "bound west
from Sag Harbor is still stalled in the
Shinnecock hills. • v: • •
u .: WIRES ARE PROSTRATED. _
BOSTON. Dec. IS.— A blizzard of se
verity prevailed -to-day along: the
Southern New England coast. All the
wires -to Cape God "were prostrated,
and there has been no communication
south of Wareham by land lines since
early this morning.
The captain of the Watch Hill life
station reported that when the storm
cleared this forenoon three barges were
seen ashore on the south side of Fish
ers Island. It is believed that the crews
were taken off. . •
NEWPORT, R. I., Dec. 18.— As a re
sult of the worst blizzard that has vis
ited Newport in many years, all local
traffic is practically at a standstill. The
storm began at midnight last night and
abated at noon to-day. On a level thej
snow is more than two feet In depth;
while a strong wind has piled uo drifts
that block the streets. The first train
from Boston was five hours late. .The
Fall River, line steamship from New
York was caught in the storm and
reached here five hours late. \ ■ '
LIFE-SAVERS KEPT BUSY.. ; ,
WOODS HOLE, Mass.. Dec. 18.— Th^
damage from the storm here was the
heaviest since the November rale -.of
1898. As far as could be learned no .lives
were lost. v< ■ • "•
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J.. Dec. 18— A
schooner, said to be the Lizzie H. Brav
ton, from Baltimore for Providence, is
ashore off Bay Head life-savihe sta
tion. The Bay Head life-savins: crew
rescued the crew. Mantoloking. life
saving station reports an explosion in
an oil barge off that place this after
noon. It Is believed that the crew was
rescued.
«.
DRIVEN BACK BY SHELLS.
Japanese .Fail to Extend Their Frontal
> . Intrtnclunents. , ■:■:»'
HUANGSHAN, Dec. 18. — A; corre
spondent who went over all the front
positions of the Russian army. from.
Poutiloff (Lone Tree) hill to Erdagoti
oa*» December ,15 reports everything
;quiet, except .that midway between
Poutiloff hill and Sinmlntin the Jap
anese were observed trying to extend
their frontal works and intrench
ments on Double Hump hill. The ar
tillery of Poutiloff hill and Erdagou
opened upon the Japanese and forced
them to quit work and seek shelter.
There have been few cases of frost
bite by the low . temperatures.
The postofflce service is working
badly and many letters and' papers
are delayed or lost. The field : tele
graph system, however, Is maintaining
an excellent service. -J.--, ■■/■.■.: '. .
SCOUTS SJEl* AN AMBUSH.
Six Japanese Picked Off by Two Rus^
' sian Sharpshootera.
CHANSIAMATUN, Dec. 18.— On the
night of December 18 a Russian offi
cer and two scouts concealed them
selves in tombs along the Shakhe
River, whence the Japanese were; in
the habit of firing upon Russian sol
diers going to the river for ; water. The
Japanese began to show themselves at'
daylight, when the Russians in con
cealment killed six of them -and;re
tired, carrying out five rifles. The Jap
anese .tried to - surround ■ them, but
failed, the retirement of. the ; Russians
being covered by the - fire from the
Russian positions. ,
RUSSIAN CREW ESCAPES.
Men of the Rastoropny Said to Have
\ v Reached; Vladivostok. ;
. . SHANGHAI, ; Dec.,18.--It isieported
that Commander Pelem and others -or
the Russian torpedo-boat destroyed
Rastoropny,, which was blown up by
her crew -.at Chefu ; on November 16,
have '. escaped to Vladivostok on ; the
British ; steamship ' Nlgretla; " : It* is said
that the Japanese will ; attempt to «t
fect Jtheir: capture. ■ ;
FIGURES COST
OF THE CANAL
Wallace, the Chief Engineer,
Finds That Sea Level Is
Most Expensive * Project
FOUR PLANS POSSIBLE
Estimates Call for Between
Two Hundred and Three
Hundred Million Dollars
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— John F.
Wallace, chief engineer of the Isthmian
Canal, has given the House Committee
on Interstate and Foreign Commerce
the benefit of his investigations so far
made regarding the engineering tasks
to be performed in the construction of
the big ditch. Wallace made this ex
planation of the general problem:
To determine the most feasible plan' for the
construction or the canal will require a most
caietul and comprehensive examination,, not
only of. surface conditions, but the sub-surface
must be exolored.
Alter following the valley of the Chagrcs
to Gainboa, the line of the canal follows a
tributary called the Oblepo up the summit of
Culebra. and thence tollows the valley of the
Rio Grande into the Bay of Panama. The sum
mit at CulobravWas originally about three hun
urfad teet above the sea level, and is' the lowest
point in the divide along the entire length of
the Isthmus of Panama. The plan of the
former commission provided for a dam of prac
tically 100 feet in height above sea level, at
Bahia, with a water level of ninety fact -above
Kfu. level. This place was selected oa account
of the fact that at that point the hills on
either njde of the Chagreti come comparatively
close together, being about fifteen hundred feet
apart, and from the surface indications It
seemed a favorable place fox the construction
of a dam. But the indications . are that this
locality would be an unfavorable and expensive
one tor the construction of a high dam.
The first. plan to be • considered, the one es
timated upon by the iormer commission, is the
possibility and probability of a high dam or
proper | foundation for a high dam at Bahla,
upon which depends the advisability of con
structing a high level, canal, with the surface
of the water ninety feet above sea level.
The" second plan under consideration Is a
summit level of sixty feet above sea' level.
Constructing a canal on this plan admits of
two different methods of treatment: First, the
construction of a dam elxty feet above sea
level at Bahia, with two locks of thirty feet,
there being two locks on the western slope;
second, the construction of a dam sixty teet
above sea level at Gatun. eight miles from
Colon, with two thirty-foot locks in the same
vicinity. The adoption of a sixty- foot level
also will render it necessary to construct a
dam at Gamboa, In order tfi provide a reservoir
to accumulate water enough during the wet
reason to furnish water for the summit level
of the canal.
OTHER LEVELS POSSIBLE.
The construction of a dam at Gamboa in
this connection would also control the Chagrea
Hlver, except that it would be necessary tu
provide a safety sptaway by the construction
of a tunnel some eight miles In length through
the divide, discharging -th« surplus waters of.
the Chagres into the headwater* of the Juan
Diaz, or the alternative plan oi constructing
a tunnel four, miles long through the divide,
separating the Chagres basin t rom the head
wiitcis oi the Gatuncillo, a stream that enters
into the Chagres Valley at Gatun. Should this
mtter course be adopted it would be necessary
to ■ construct - an auxiliary channel for the
Chagres from Gatun to the aea in order to'dl-
vert Its flood waters into the bay westward of
Colon. . V
The third general plan under consideration
would be the construction of a canal with a>
30-foot level above the sea with a single lock
at Hlraflores, and a single lock at Bahla, or in
the immediate vicinity; the construction of the
Gamboa dam to be required In this instance
the same as In the 60- foot level plan. ■ .
The fourth plan would be the construction
of a sea. level canal with a tidal lock at Mira
flores. In this connection It is necessary to
explain that while the mean sea level of the
Pacific and the Caribbean are the same,; high
tide In the Bay of Panama rises ten .. feet
above mean sea l*vel and falls ten feet 'below;
wherea*. ; ! the- flnfWation-.or^ the .. tide, otajthe
Caribbean at ColunMs less than two feeCVTh*
construction of a dam at Gamboa with the
necessary spillways as noted In the previous
»'.en would be the same under the sea level
plan as under the 30 or 60 foot level. ~
The construction of the Gamboa dam > would
provide the water supply for the entire line
of the canal, Including the cities of Panama
and* Colon. It also would provide a power
plant ; f6r the generation of electric power suf
ficient to; furnish ample power for the oper
ation of -the Panama Railroad and for the op
eration of any machinery that might be used
In the construction of the canal. It would
require two years to construct this dam and,
roughly estimated. Its cost. Including spill
ways, would be between $15,000,000 and $15,
000,000, not .Including the power 'plant.
GREAT SUMS INVOLVED.
; Asked, by members of the commis
sion for an estimate of the cost of the
various .plans, -Wallace said the best
estimate that could be made at pres
enCwould'be based on the estimate of
the/V former commission of 5200,000,000
forTa, ninety-foot' level canal. Figuring:
with,' this as a basis, the sixty-foot
level- canal would cost $225,000,000, could
be open, for traffic in ten years, and ful
ly completed In. twelve years; the .thir
ty-foot i. level would cost $250,000,000,
open '.for traffic-! in- twelve years and
.completed in fifteen years: the sea
level .canal J would' . cost $300,000,000,
could.be open for traffic in fifteen years
, aridr'cbmpleted in twenty years.
:•; The estimate of time- is based on a
ten-hour day an'd'^ after the construc
tion .^of the Gamboa dam the working
of I two ' or, more ' shifts.
, ; Waflace stated that the . excavation
for. the. Culebra cut was the feature of
the' construction of the canal that took
the time. •\' > He said: . "
• ; .Upon.', the economical and . efficient handling
Of material from Culebra depend the cost and
time it . would .. take to complete the canal.
Every other question and every other problem
connected with. the entire work Is subordinate
and inferior . to th«. problem of the -excavation
and disposal of the, material from the Culebra
cut: that is the 'principal problem of this
work. •' . •_ • ,
Work Is nowtgolng on In the cut, one
American steam "sbovH and some . of ■ th*
French machinery 'being S In operation. ■ Four
teen-American steam shovels have been pur
chased, one of which -Is being set up. • The
others are to be delivered at the rate of one
a month. During October -31R5 men were on
the payrolls of the commission. Of . these 2163
were '• laborers. More laborers " are to be em
ployed In the, Immediate future. . :.,■-
Answering a question . about the
operation of a sea level canal Wallace
said: '. •
A' sea level canal would .be less expensive to
maintain and less expensive to ' operate, would
save time In passage through.lt, and could be
widened and deepened when required, with
out Interfering with traffic. .
LYMAN ABBOTT
TDRNS HERETIC
Patriarch . Sounds Kejiiote
of a , Reiigiou Founded
on Workings of Nature
Special ; Dispatch , to The Call.
CAMBRIDGE, Mas*., Dec. 18.— Lean-"
ing far out over i the pulpit in Apple
tori^ Chapel, , his long I white beard and
flowing gown making him look like a
veritable , partriarch. Dr. Lyman Ab
bott, in a sermon to Harvard students
to-night broke away, from the theology
which '■ forms the basis ' of i the* faith of
millions ; of i^orthodox •"' Christiana ' and
sounded the keynote of a new; religion
founded, not. on; Ihe Bible, but : on
science; and the outreachlngs of ''the
human i heart." i .
'-I ; no ; longer believe in . a ' great
first .cause,"; he- said.\''T6-morrow ' the
newspapers r.wilU«ret hold; of .this and
brand me a heretic. My God" is a great
and ; ever present '■ force ; which • Is mani
fest in all the activities of man and all
the workings, of. nature." , .
MRS. CHADWICK
NOT TO TESTIFY
Continuance Will Be Asked
For When Bankruptcy
Case Is Called To-Day
FIRST- SUNDAY IN JAIL
Prisoner Has for a Com
panion a Young Woman
Charged With Insanity
CLEVELAND, Dec. 18.— The exam
ination'of Mrs: Chad wick in the bank
ruptcy proceedings t against her is set
for to-morrow before Referee Reming
ton, but it is considered certain she will
not testify if present at the hearing.
Her attorney, P. F. Dawley, said to
night that he would request a' continu
ance to-morrow, as he had not yet had
time to investigate any phase of the
case: He will * decline to .allow her to
give any testimony. .,
The only other persons summoned in
the bankruptcy hearing to give any In
formation they may have of property
owned by Mrs. Chadwick are Emil
Hoover, Mrs. Chadwick's son, and
Fred,a Stromstern; her*nur3e.
Receiver Loeser said to-night that he
did not expect 'any more witnesses
would, be called for the present.. He
has arranged to Insure for $50,000 the
Chadwick property in his possession.
Mrs. Chadwick'to-day spent her first
Sunday, in jail. She now has a com
panion In the "Jail, a. young woman,.de
tained for examination as to her sanity.
The woman seemed, much interested in
Mrs. Chadwick and the two conversed
quite freely.
Mrs. Chadwick' was visited to-day by
Dr. Wall, who .said she. was still very
weak and nervous, but improving.
NOTED MINER
PASSES AWAY
IN SAN JOSE
SAN JOSE, Dec. 18.— Jackson Mc-
Cracken, one 'of, the most, conspicuous
and historic figures in the counties of
Santa Clara and Santa Cruz, died yes
terday at. his home on the Monte
Pariso ranch near Wright's Station at
the age of 82 years.
McCracken was the locater of . the
mines bearing his name in Arizona and
from them he at one time many years
ago reaped a revenue which entitled
him to rank among the millionaires
of that region. He was also a member
of the first Legislature of Arizona and
its first Speaker. In all the public his
tories of that section his exploits are
related, his encounters with Indians
furnishing many tales of life in Ari
zona forty years ago.
About twenty years ago McCracken
married Josephine Clifford, the asso
ciate of Bret.Harte and Charles War
ren Stoddard. Mrs. McCracken sur
vives him.
Detroit Minister Dies fn South.
. LOS . ANGELES, Dec. 18. y Rev.
Luther H. Trowbridge of Detroit, for
thirty-two years editor and proprietor
of the Christian Herald of that city,
died in Log Angeles to-day. He came
to Los Angeles a month ago for the
sake of his health.
WATERS OF OCEAN ENGULF
A. YOUTH OF SANTA ROSA
Boat Occupied by Two Boys Cap
sizes and One Lad Is
Drowned.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 18.— Eugene
Hendricks, aged 16 years, met a tragic
death in the waters of the ocean
Saturday. He was fishing from a boat
with a companion named Edward
Marble when a heavy swell overturned
the boat and threw its occupants into
the water. Although he was an ex
ceptionally good swimmer, Hendricks
failed to make the shore. It is sup
posed that he was struck by the toss-
Ing boat. . Marble managed to feach
the beach.
, The accident occurred only a short
distance from the. Mendocino shore
and Hendricks' body was recovered a
short time after the fatality.
Headaches From Colds.
LAXATTVE BROMO QUININE removes th.
cause. To gtt the genuine, call for full name
and look for signature of E. W. Grove. 25c. •
LONDON. Dec. 18.— Colonel Aylmer has been
appointed inspector general of the Canadian
force*. . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
&4O,OOO,OOO i
UNiTED STA TES OF MEXICO I
FOUB PER CENT TX)LD BONDS OF 1904 |
Principal and Interest Payable |j
;. In NEW YORK In U. S. Gold CoJn, at the office of Speyer &. Co.. or at B
the holder's option. O
In LONDON, at the rate of $4.86 per pound Sterling or H
In FRANKFORT ON MAIN or Berlin, at the rate of M. 4.20 per Dollar, or El
In PARIS, at the rate of Fes. 5.18 per Dollar. n
;The bonds are In the denominations of $1,000.00 or $300.00 U. S. Gold Coin Ea
or the equivalents In said foreign currencies, namely: £205.15.2 and £102.17.7; B
Marks 4200 and Marks 2100; Fes. 5180 and Fes. 2590. They are dated Decem- m
ber 1, 1904; mature December 1, 1954, and have coupons attached June 1 and tl
December 1. li
THE BONDS ARE TO BE ALWAYS EXEMPT BOTH AS TO PRIN- H
CIPAL AND INTEREST FROM ALL MEXICAN TAXES ALREADY ES- fl
TABLISHED. OR THAT MAY IN FUTURE BE ESTABLISHED BY ANY H.
AUTHORITY. . 9
A semi-annual Sinking Fund provides for the gradual retirement of the H
Bonds In fifty years. During the first five years. Bonds are to be drawn for Li
redemption at par; after that time Bonds will be purchased In the market. If H
; the market price be below par. otherwise they will be drawn at par. Except rl
by the operation of this Sinking Fund the Bonds are not subject to compul- pf
."'.-sory retirement. m
j The proceeds of the Bond3 are to be used to pay oft $13,500,000.00 4% per C4
cent Gold Treasury Notes maturing June 1. 1905 and June 1. 1906, which M
. have been called for redemption on February 1. 1905: $15,123,000 6 per cent pi
-Mexican Silver Subvention Bonds for the Vera Cruz & Pacific Railway and tl
the Mexican Southern Railway, and certain amounts of Special Mexican Sil- f|
-ver Certificates Issued for the construction and exploitation of the Tehuan- m
tepee. Rail way, and the Harbor Works at the Port of Coatzacoalcos. Salina f|
Cruz. Vera Cruz and Manzanillo. By the Contract of Purchase from the tl
Mexican Government the balance of the proceedsJs to be used for payment ff
the foregoing public works not yet completed. : V ' v si
THE UNDERSIGNED. HAVING PRIVATELY SOLD ABOUT $25,000,000 Eg
of the BONDS. OFFER THE BALANCE FOR PUBLIC SUBSCRIPTION Eif
AT 94 PER, CENT/AND ACCRUED INTEREST. gj
, . The subscription will be opened at the offices of the undersigned at 10 fel
; o'clock a:, m.- on December 19. 1904. and will be closed at 3 o'clock' on the [j
• same day, or earlier, the right being reserved to reject any application and fa
to award a smaller amount than applied for. Payment for Bonds allotted
is to be made In New York funds on or before December 21, 1904. Pending the Pa
; delivery of. definite Bonds. Temporary Certificates will be issued by Speyer g
. ' The Subscription will be "opened simultaneously: cj
I. ■■■ • . In LONDON by Messrs. Speyer Brothers, H
In AMSTERDAM by Messrs." Telxelra De Mattos Brothers, and N
" In SAN FRANCISCO by THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN. h
FRANCISCO. . S
. Application will be made to list the Bonds on the New York Stock Ex- - m
change,^ and in Europe. s3%$f»f&a&jmqgggHgg0gpiyfgpinlmBm 0
Special attention is , Invited fo a statement from SENIOR LIC DON JOSE ' cl
v Y.LIMANTOUR, Secretary of State and of the Department of Finances pub- H
liccredlt of Mexico, copies of wbteh may be had at the offlces of the under- in
signed. . • • . Ml
.■SPEYER & CO.. 24-26 Pine Street. - M
HARVEY. FISK & SONS. 62 Cedar Street.; II
. . . The undersigned is authorized by Messrs. Speyer & Co.'. New York to H
subscriptions for. the above SxjiwIh. - * tl
/NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO. P
>. V ; S*-n;' Francisco.*; Cal.*.* December 14, 1304. / . * |J
MORE FREEDOM
FOR PEASANTS
Witte Iiecommends New
Laws, Which the Czar Ap-
HAILED WITH DELIGHT
Disabilities to Be Removed
and People to Be Given
Opportunity to Advance
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec 18.— M.
Witte, to whom as chairman of the spe
cial committee appointed in 1902 to in
vestigate the question of the better
ment of the conditions of rural enter
prise and to revise the peasant lawS,
was given the task of sifting the enor
mous mass of evidence collected. In
cluding the opinions of 11,000 of the best
qualified peasants, landlords, merchants
and manufacturers, which filled several
thousand volumes, has completed a gi
gantic task. His conclusions, which
have just been published, are in line
with the most enlightened opinionTfor
ameliorating ttie ? *peasants" condition.
These conclusions, which' are under
stood to have the indorsement of Em
peror Nicholas and Minister of the In
terior Sviatopolk-Mirsky, are expected
to be adopted by the commission as the
basis of the new. laws. .
The press hails the memorandum not
only as a signal victory in the' direction
of real national progress, but as mark
ing a definite shelving of the plan de
veloped by the late Minister of the In
terior von Plehwe for extending the
powers of local officers over the peas
ants and increasing, rather than de
creasing, the tutelage exercised over
them. Von PI eh we' s purpose was to
rush through a-Uaw before the commis
sion could complete its labors.
In all points Wltte's * recommenda
tions aim. for the completion 'of the
emancipation act of 1861 by ending tna
treatment of peasants as a class apart,
giving them a method to free them
selves forever from the soil, placing
them on an equality with all other
classes of the population and removing
the restrictions upon initiative enter
prise, which have heretofore crushed
out all their ambition. In order to ac
complish this he proposes to abolish
practically the whole system of laws'
applicable to peasants alone. At the
same time the backward condition of
the vast majority of the peasants and
the fact that If placed on a complete
equality, in the 'matter of the holding
and disposition of property they would
soon become the prey of the shrewder
among them as 'well as of merchants,
who would like to possess their lands
and keep them In a state of perpetual
debt, is fully recognized.
Witte therefore recommends the pres
ervation of'certain laws designed solely
for the peasants' protection, such as
the inalienability of communal lands
and Institutions. For the management
of the one and the, freedom of the other
from debt special laws will be recom
mended, supplemented by methods
whereby peasants may leave, their com
munes under .safeguarded conditions.
or delimit lands for individual owner
ship. There also is in contemplation
the organization of a system of land
credit and a scheme for. the settlement
of state lands by peasants who want
larger opportunities. ,
The Russ remarks: "Like a golden
thread through It all runs considera
tion for the peasant as a citizen of the
empire, and no longer as a patriarch."
The memorandum Is in sharp contrast
with the draft prepared by Von
Plehwe's assistant, Stisklnsky, which
disregarded entirely the opinions so
laboriously collected by the commission.
TAKES COIN FROM CHINESE
AT POINT OF A REVOLVER
Masked Highwayman Holds Up Vege
table Grower Near Redding: and ..
; v Relieves Him of $20.
REDDING, Dec. 18. — A Chinese
vegetable grower known as "Louie,"
living on Clear Creek, six miles south
of Redding, was held up and robbed
of $20 this morning as he was driving
toward home. A masked robber stop
ped the Chinese and forced him at
the point of a revolver to hand ove^
his money. Officers this evening ar
rested Bud Jones, a boy living in the
neighborhood of the scene of the hold
up. They say they have evidence that
he committed the robbery.
fcANTIAGO DE CHILE, Dec 18.— The
United States cruiser Marblehead has arrived
at Iqulque. The remainder of the American
Pacific squadron, under command of Hear
Admiral Goodrich, is expected to arrive at
Coquimbo this week.
A J^ VER TL S 2E M ENTS.
WUson & Co.
..Furnishings for Men..
. From Our Magnificent* .
Skock of .....
f Fancy Shirts
Dress Shirts
Neck Dress
f Hosiery
Underwear
Gloves
i f , Pajamas
Nightshirts
f Sweaters
Umbrellas
Handkerchiefs
Suspenders
Suit Cases, Etc.
We have
all t*he correct* new
styles— all the swell
new novelties.
And [} 'm
our prices are t*ne
most, reasonable in »
■t»he cit»y.
Open. Even'ngs Until Xmas.
9O8-9 10 MARKET STREET
Between Stockton end Powell
JForChrislstias]
1 EXCELLENT SHOPPING 3AO 1
B Certainly a good value for the I
M money. Real Leather, and has I
n braided leather handle and two (
H pocl:Pts. one containing card case. ,
i\ the other purse to match baj. My J
I price. 91.OO. a
I If you want a Wallet. Purs«. a
B Card Case or Diary for 1905. I caa 8
m»Ve It worth your while to come U
rONKLIX'S SELF . FILLING 9
PEN is a useful and appropriate y
gift for a rr.an or a woman. The H
perfect Fountain Pen. Convenient, t
clean and nlwaya ready. Prices. M
93.00 to 9o.OO. el
1 CHRISTMAS CARDS in great va. ■
rlety. Elaborte designs, from 5« up n
THAT MA2I PITTS. Sj
9 F. . W. PITTS. The Stationer fi
1 ICOS MARKET ST.. opp. Fifth. 3.T. tl
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that is to let It alone. If you try
any other way it will get the beat of
you. If you can't let It alone you need
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
na curea the liquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting ths
system In its natural condition, wh^ra
liquor is not needed to help the machin-
ery of the body to do Its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure in threw
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatment
is absolutely safe and cannot harm th*
most delicate constitution. Why wast*
time and money In drinking whisky-
when you can be cured of the liquor
habit In three days with no chance of
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think it over and call or write Dr. Mc-
Kanna for full Information. Address 14
Geary street. San Francisco. CaL Phona
1037 Main.
visit DR. JORDAN'S orkat •
kiustUia of anatomy; •
A Ch issuusxx?s;.i.t.ei.ATa,i.i > .ci]. { i
\ C ' Tha La* raat tnataailaal Huiua fat r*.
fi r*rr »r _ World. Wurnum a* tmy aaaoacta4 / I
© /jBJal *P*aaJJic ao tba Coiac. Eacjayaan. I I
A /!§pfi DR - J0BBAN-DISEA3ES OF MEN ,
\ rCwfl Coo»Blutioo fn* »od rtrkttr pt+reta. \
Q i Jj J n TraanDast panoaally or b» lanar. A ,
\ n 7m*I -*^ 1SM » <*" io»»«Tc«»aoad«t»k«ii. <
Q V I US Write ft* Boole. WWUX^mnnwrnTC mt A
A 4 ' (I' **''»**> 1 « baok *— ■">) - . ■ \
V 15 B. JOHOAX * CO.. 10S1 JUri.t Ht..B. W. V
Perfect Fitting ft. '
Eyeglasses if
M Moderate Cost (\
V 642
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
815 Montgomery Streak.
Capital paid op ..... $ 600,009
tmdends paid to depositors .1,656,228
CHAS. CARPI. President.
ARTHUR LEQALLET. Vlce-Pre«ld«at.
LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
JOHN OINTT. Awt. Secretary.
SXKSCT0B8:
Or. E. Arttrues. Cha». Caxpy. Leon Kiufirtaa.
O. Bozlo. J. B. Clot. A. Roo«.
L*on Bocqueraz. J. M. Dupsa. a. Ler&llc?.
J. A. Berserot. J. S. Godeau. 3. 3. Mack.
Interest paid on deposits. I^ymnm mad* oa
r.«al Estato and approved McurUtea.
jMtfSSS^gfcB MENANDWOMElt.
<%& %£PWlZ£s*&S Cie BIk Q for onnatnrtf
/ffyV/** »«o5d»y*\Tl diitcharses.lnfisnimatioat.
jp&£7 Quraatwd M irritations or ulceritloo*
C<wj/ oot to .trietar*. of me cods m»"jabran«*.
ff* M 'V Pr«»BB«a Co«lae>«. Plia.on, and not iitrln-
HjaTfLTKEtTVtaCHEWIMlCD j*nt or pci>onoa*
Vtj& JSCWai'n.O.g^v'J ««1«I by SraniiU
Xx?»v u. (v *. or * ent 5c P lain wrapper.
< SSlE5»>i~— nrW^B by e *P ra *»' Prepaid. tOC
* circular lout oa i»q ant.
(1 JPATENTSl f)
>8Sr330 MARKET ST.SlSmSrPOLICE HAVE NO CLEW
TO BROWN'S ASSASSIN
Search for Patrolman s Slayer a Blind One
Detectives Believe Him to Be Footpad Who Has Been Hold
ing Up Oaklanders — "Babe" Curtin Arrested.
OAKLAND, Dec. IS.— Mounted Po
liceman George W. Brown, who
v.-as killed last night by a man at
Twenty-sixth street and Broadway,
was the victim of a murderous thug ;
has been operating for a week in
ihls city as a masked footpad. This is
the theory adopted by Chief of Police
Hodgkins and all the detectives who
have been investigating the mystery,
Blnce Brown was shot to death and
died without being able to say a word
that might helr» his brother officers iu
their hunt for the murderer.
The police to-day covered every de
tail of the case as far as the meager
ness of circumstances permitted. The
possibilities of murder for revenge and
of accidental shooting were eliminated
bs being untenable in the light of the
conditions and of the character of the
Victim.
Chief Hodgkins declares that the man
tvho killed Brown was in his opinion
the footpad who held up and robbed M.
C. Hersey at Twentieth and Harrison
etreets a short time before the shoot
ing. This robber, Hersey told the de
tectives, disappeared in the general di
rection of where Brown was killed. The
footpad answers the description of the
highwayman who began his single
handed holdups .by stopping R. H.
Bailey at Nineteenth and Harrison
streets early in the evening of Decem
ber 10. following that night by attack
ing and robbing W. H. Britton at Thir
teenth and West streets. Early
Sunday afternoon J. B. Duarte repelled
a. footpad's assault in East Oakland.
Thursday night Milton Bulkeley was
accosted by a robber at Twenty-ejghth
etreet and Telegraph avenue. Then
came Hersey's encounter last evening.
In at least four out of these five cases
the descriptions given of the prowling
thug by his victims are sufficiently close
to satisfy the police that one man was
responsible for the robberies.
HUXTIXG FOR THE FOOTPAD.
After twenty-four hours of hard dig-
King the Brown murder has resolved
It6elf into a blind, almost hopeless,
hunt for this robber. Every effort of
the department Is bent on this mission.
But there is little evidence at hai.J
that will help. Not a person has been
found that can give a clear description
of the man who was seen to run down
Broadway and v.-est on Twenty-sixth
street after the shooting. H. M. San
born, the florist; Frank Smith, the
etable boy; Donald McClure, the mes
senger boy; J. H. McKay, the shingler,
all of whom saw the fleeing murderer,
can only cay they saw a man's figure.
Half a dozen other witnesses to. the
pistol's flashes were examined to-day,
nut nothing but indefl"<V» str'?.«n»r*«
were procured from them. The de
tectives are looking for a heavy-aet
~ ADyEKTIREMF.XTS.
REDUCTION SALE
OF
WALL PAPER
To close out a large number of short lots before. stock-takinp;,
we shall offer special inducements for the next two weeks- at our
Mission-street store. This sale will be especially attractive to those
who desire medium and hijjh srrade papers at a very low price— less
than half the regular rates. The assortment As large, "embracing '"over
fifty thousand rolls, amonff;,which are ordinary white" blanks, gilts,
tapestries, fancy stripes and. two-tone effects of all colors.
It will pay to Purchase now for, future requirements.. It is- well
to bear in mind that those who call first will find the best assort-
ments. ;, . "
L. TOZER (& SON CO.
.76 2 MISSION STREET
JSCEXE AND VICTIM OF SENSA
TIONAL MURDER IN OAKLAND
ON SATURDAY NIGHT.
man of medium height who might be
wearing dark clothes and a slouch hat.
That is the extent of their knowledge
concerning the murderer of Patrolman
Brown.
So far as the police are now informed
the last person to talk to Brown be
fore he was murdered was J. H. Mc-
Kay, a shingler. who lives at, 1059 Clay
street. He was hurrying on his bi
cycle to the Providence Hospital
across the street from where the shots
were fired. McKay detailed to-day to
Detective George Kyte the circum
stances^ as follows:
I was rtdlnp fast en the Ftdewalk when
Brown, whe was mounted on his horse stand
in? at the curb, hailed me. asking me to stop.
I replied that I hoped he would excuse me this
time, as I was In a great hurry., to get to the
hospital, where a friend of mine lay very III.
Drown said I ought to know better than to vio
late the ordinance.
Ky that time I had dismounted and was
crossing toward the hospital entrance with my
wheel. Drown had turned away from me and
I was up on Uie entrance steps when I heard
three pistol shots In very rapid succession. I
raw Brown wh«el around and throw out his
right arm as If to grab somebody. I ran over
to where he was reeling, but some one else had
got there and was holding him.
Shortly before McKay was accosted
by Brown Miss May Sullivan and Miss
Flora Alvarez, nurses at the Provi
dence Hospital, walked out of the
building. On their way down Broad
way they met the patrolman, who was
on horseback, talking to a man. Com
ing toward them on Broadway the
young women observed a light/ Miss
Sullivan remarked that It must be a
small automobile. They met a man a
little later riding a bicycle.
CHIEF HODGKINS' VIEW.'
, Detectives v are trying to learn the
identity of .the man whom the nurses
saw talking to Brown. Chief Hodgkins,
after receiving reports to-night from
Detectives Kyte, Quigley, Shorey and
Holland, besides policemen who were
specially detailed, said:
This ie a cold-blooded ' murder of a police
man in the discharge of his duty while trying
to arrest or examine a suspicious -character.
The man who has been holding up citizen*
this last week Is the man who killed Brown.
Brown wa* not a man to make personal or of
ficial enemies. He was particularly quiet and
unobtrusive. In many respects he : was as
sentle aa a woman. Polite and Inoffensive,
he could not have - made an enemy had he
tried.
Unfortunately we are handicapped at pres-
N - '- ■ i - ■■-■.■■ . ■ ■ ,
THE , SAN .CALL, - DECEMBER 19, 1904:
ent in the lack of anything definite as to th>
fugitive's identity. There ■ is a bare possibll
lty that one faint clew may work out. .but thl:
is not likely from indications to-nlgnt. *
I -As sustaining the footpad-murder
theory,- the evidence of the ; autopsy
performed byv Dr. O. D.Hamlin shows
that the bullet in the lung was fired
by a man standing within several feet
of Brown and took a downward course.
This would indicate that Brown was
standing in the street, on a level below
the murderer who was on the sidewalk.
The ball through the arm Inflicted only
a flesh wound.
Brown had been on the police force
since June, 1901. Before that he was a
conductor on the lines of the Oakland
Traction Consolidated. His home was
with his young wife, his baby" and his
mother at 534 Twenty-seventh street.
The chief obstacle In the way of a
solution of the murder Is the absence
of any statement from the victim.-
Brown's cry of "Murder, murder, I'm
shot," was the only utterance from
him. By the time help was at hanc
the mortally wounded man was unable
to speak. It Is surmised that Brown
had seen a man at the place where th«
shooting occurred because he dis
mounted. A few moments before that
Brown was on his horse, as described
by McKay. But it is only a matter of
conjecture. What prompted the police
man to cross the street after McKay
left him cannot be known.
Captain of Police W. J. Petersen and
Detective George Kyte; made a critical
examination of the scene to-night at
the same hour as the shooting • oc
curred In order to get a clear idea as
to the view that Brown might. have
had of the west side of Broadway when
he stood on the east side with 'his
horse. The conditions tended to verify
the theory the police have adopted.
** Brown's funeral will be held-Wednes
day morning at 10 o'clock from : St. :
Francis de Sales Church. .The ; police
department .will be represented by a
large delegation.
CURTIX ARRESTED OX SUSPICION '.
: There is a strong suspicion in police
circles in San Francisco that the foot
pad who shot and killed Mounted; Po
liceman Brown was Anthony, Curtin,
better known as "Babe'' Curtin, who !
was arrested last.evenlng at the Hall j
of Justice in that city. -It is known that
he was in Oakland on Saturday night
and the description .given of the foot
pad by those who got a glimpse of him
answers that of Curtin.
Curtin is waiting ; under bail f or . his
trial in Judge Cook's court. on a" charge
of burglary. He ; and Clarence • Frank- ■
Hn, alias Fallon.on the night of March
28, 1903, broke into the 'saloon of Wil- j
Ham G. Schrdeder, 925 Mission I street.
They were at work on the .safe when
they were discovered by Special Police
man R. S. Maloney. "Theytfled^ and;it
was alleged that Curtin fired, 'a shot i
at Maloney. They ran into,' a "lodging,
house at 919% Mission street and 'burst i
Into the room; of W. V N: .• Broughton.H
They, kept . Broughton '; at bay with are- j
volver for several hoursItlll'the;police
men who had been summoned by. Ma-f;
loney had disappeared". from ; the scene
of ' the burglary. They ;- were . arrested
a few days later. ":3lffi§mSBB»aMjg)fljgig|
- Curtin : was , released < on bonds when
he was held ; to answer? but C has "not*
yetbeen tried/ Franklin was tried and
convicted. His sentence , has been ' post-'
poneS from time . to time pending Car
tin's ..trial. / Curtln's ; record! Is : a bad
one both here and ; in * other; Sta.tes.-V/,..'
Curtin /was arrested, last 'evening* at
the : Hall " of ; Justice > In 7 Sari Francisco'
by Detectives Mulcahy and ■ O'Dea. *He J
surrendered : himself learning
that' the officials were looking: for him, '
and claims . that •• he • will * be : able M to <
prove a complete alibi If charged with;
the murder.; He says i he spent v the t
early., portion ; of ; Saturday rat i
his t mother's i home ". in ?. Sari • Francisco,";
and the latter portion In saloons about *
town. . He says he was - not in > Oakland v
at ; all , Saturday. He will ; be j held until -
the ■ detectives ;have an of t
investigating, his story. • .They will : also %
take him to . Oakland : for, possible" ident- •
tiflcatlon as the footpad whom Heraeyj
'encountered, -—;: --v-;--^-—::u'r^ ---t : .^^ ; - ' ; .
PEABODY MAY
YET BE SEATED
Republicans in Legislature
Will Endeavor to Keep
Him in Governor's, Chair
MORE TEATJDS 4F0UND
Women Among the Offenders
at the Polls in the Recent
Election' in City of Denver
DENVER, i Dec. 18.— Expert M. M.
Hamma has examined the^ ballots c of
Precinct' 3,; Fourth Ward, submitted to
him yesterday by the Supreme -Court,
and will report to-morrow "that 240 of
the 271 ballots found in the box are ap
parently fraudulent. Of , these 235 are
Democratic and five < Republican: Wil
liam J.Kihdel, Supreme Court watcher,
has testified that City Detective Wil
liam Green, one of the four men on
trial for contempt of court in this pre
cinct, instructed repeaters, many of
whom were women, but did not in any
manner interfere with the watchers or
voters In general. ,
Alva Adams, the Democratic candi
date for Governor, has lost 1182 of his
plurality of 5275 in,; this county by the
action of the Supreme Court in order
ing, the Election Commission to elim
inate five Dreclncts ■ from the returns.
His plurality in the State still, stands*
at about 10,000. . .
By the Supreme Court's orders the
Democrats lose three Senators, who
were apparently elected, in this city
and the Republicans gain control of
both branches of the Legislature, .with
a majority of thirty on joint >: ballot.
They i are planning to submit to -the
Legislature evidence of frauds in Den
ver, and ask that body to declare Gov
ernor. Peabody elected! . . \,.' .,
The Supreme Court is to be reor
ganized April 4 next" by consolidation
with the Appellate Court, and will .con
sist of seven Judges, two of whom.are
tobe appointed by the Governor.^
SCRATCHING CHICKENS
, . :'-? CAUSE A FATAL DUEL
Baby Killed by Stray Shot When Men
Fighi for Trivial
Reason.
CHURCH POINT, La.. Dec. 18. —
Because. John Davis' chickens
scratched up Mayor Murrell's front
garden two men had a shotgun duel
in the street this afternoon, resulting
in the serious wounding of Davis and
the instant killing of his two-year-old
child by a stray shot,
. A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American. 52 75 box 25.| •
Exploding Powder Burns Boy.
CHICO.'Dec, 18.— Edward-Lewis,. 14
years old, was terribly burned at his
parents' home in Clear Creek last
night. The boy, while filling . shells
dropped a match into a large can of
powder, exploding. It. His head and
face were, badly .bunied, . and . it', is
expected* that he will lose his eye
aight.-.'>v~ :--:■■ -;-y v; ]^\ J:\\~ '.'::, '.'
L : ; v '. .' ; y^v ' . •'.y'v-V/-;^;';.' ',;.;''.';• ; ■■/, ; • advertisemexts. ..." ••'•-■ ' - : —-•--; • • ■-■■ ■ ..;' ' ■ - ■"•.■ ■ i
Suits to Measure $ 1 0 to $ 35
V^ # ' ■• fl_- J '*W^ TL: ■■■* - 21 f "1
P 1 11 1 .ra Afl 1% 1 W & tP iC
A A A A A %# A A'^a/; .^tA A A A A %J ▼ w . %f &m
• '•- ■ ..'•..-.■•.. ■■■"■.'.■'...• .-* •'.-■-.' . ■ ■ • . . . ■ ■ '
Suits ordered any 7 time this week will be ready in time for Christmas.
Wecan^make this promise because we have^ our ovyn cutters and tai-"
• . Joirs, "and operate our . own workshops right on; the premises.
We guarantee •material,-workrnanship and fit. ; v - ,
. '.Prices : -.$,10 : to .$35 for /business suits.; $30' t^ $50 Aor tuxedos ar^d
Merchandise Orders £+ % i\ A /zv f\ tr^ ** VVv Merchandise Orders :■.
Should you wish to give Fl*! ftF C^) ■ 99' An order on our tailor-
a very. practical gift, buy* " ; '' /#>>■.- 'r? :V^&*^l^I i; y : ; ing department, makes a
[oneof our [? merchandise _ r^ )-- - x c?x a -j very usefiU "gift .. Hun-
order$;; rr issued for any, <74U Market btreet and dreds of patterns 4o » please
DOLL SESSIONS
FOR CONGRESS
Little to Be Done During
the Week and Adjournment
Will Be Taken Wednesday
HOLIDAY RECESS IS NEAR
Question of Place for the
Inaugural Ball, the Only
Matter to Be Discussed
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— The Senata
will adjourn on Wednesday for the
Christmas holidays tihd no business
will be attempted previous to that time.
A large nuraberof the Senators already
have left for their homes to spend the
holidays, and there is an understanding
that immediately after being called to
order on Monday the Senate will ad
journ. until ."Wednesday and that
Wednesday's proceedings will be con
fined ,to the mere formalities.
■ Soon after the ; Senate reconvenes in
January the Committee on Appropria
tions will report the legislative appro
priation bill. | It will be the policy of
the Senate ;to take it, up as soon as
possible and ~,v.to.v have other supply
measures follow speedily-
The.exodus'of members of the House
from the city since the adjournment
Friday indicates that the lower branch
of Congr.ess will be without a quorum
when it meets 'to-morrow. Should this
be the case, and should any member
make the. point on the , floor of the
chamber, the only thing that can be
done is to adjourn from day to day un
til Wednesday, when the Christmas
holiday recess until January 4 begins.
The question of where the . inaugural
ball shall be held is the only matter
of legislation in sight in the House for
the week.. This will come up under
suspension of the rules on a motion
from Representative Morrell of Penn
sylvania. The Senate has proposed the
Pension Office, and the House the Con
gressional Library. There are indica
tions that a deadlock has been reached
on the matter and that when it Is dis
cussed again the Capitol building will
be proposed as a compromise.
New California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.—Postmas
ters have been appointed in California
as follows: John L. Gail at Moneta;
Anna Kleiser at Broderick, Yolo Coun
ty; Joseph E. Fulton at Hueneme, Ven
tura County; Lizzie .B.-Verhein at In
dianola, Humboldt County; E. R. Kirk
at Sherwood, Mendocino County. The
office at Greenleaf, Madera County, Is
discontinued, the mail going to Fresno.
National Bank for Alaska.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 18.— Application
has been made at the Treasury Depart
ment to establish the American . Na
tional Bank of Fairbanks in Alaska,
with a capital of $50,000, with J. J. Hag
gerty, William A. Connell, John W.
Roberts, Emanuel J. Sllverman and H.
D. Leehey as directors. "
■ The man,who has the stamp of genius
on his brow usually has the gloss of it
on his garments. ' •. . . ■ : ;
MOTHER'S KISS
DOOMS BABES
Expert. Asserts That Thus
Are. the Deadly Germs of
. Consumption Transmitted
DISEASE NOT INHERITED
Generation After Generation
Dies Because It Occupies
the Same Surroundings
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, Dec. 8. — Dr. William E.
Quine said to-day that "if - one-tenth
of the money annually expended upon
the .consumptives of Illinois -were
spent in preventing the disease '- It
would - soon be eradicated. He added
that the next State Legislature would
be petitioned to donate enough money
to place Illinois in the front rank.
.."Consumption la not inherited,", he
said. "Generation after generation
dies of consumption, because- it occu
pies the same surroundings. For in
stance, a woman is ill of consumption
and becomes. a mother. That child Is
not .born' with. consumption..,. But the
mother picks it up'and fondles it. The
germs are upon her lips as she kisses
the child: The germs are transmitted
from lip to lip. That child becomes
contaminated. Consumption was born
in that kiss. --.
"You have seen a mother taste the
food of an infant. She places in her
mouth the spoon which later will be
used by the child.. In this.. manner
also germs are carried, to the child.
„ "You have seen a man delivering
Ice in large quantities drag It over
the stone pavement. Perhaps he
dragged, it over. the floor. There was
expectoration upon the pavement and
upon the floor. Later meat was
placed upon that ice. Cold never kills
the germs of consumption. The germs
were transferred to the meat. The
meat was prepared for food and eaten,
and consumption followed.
"Fresh air and sunlight are the
best remedies that I know of. Many
persons seem opposed to these, how
ever. Many go to the trouble of plac
ing cotton in the cracks of windows,
that no fresh air may find its way
into their sleeping apartments.' Many
insist upon having storm doors to
keep out the wind. They are fostering
consumption."
TWEXTY-FIVE-CENT BILL
V't<- CAUSES TRIPLE TRAGEDY
Three Arkansas Merchants Meet In the
\ Street and Fatal Shoot
ing Follows.
ROSA, Ark., Dec. 18.— N. J. Warren
and his son, H. H. Warren, and Ed
ward Bickerson, all merchants,, were
killed yesterday in. a street fight,
growing out of a dispjite over, an ac
count of 25 cents, claimed by Bicker
son.
A feud had existed for several
months and 'was renewed yesterday
when the men met on the street. The
younger Warren opened fire on Bick
erson/and killed him. John Blcker r
son, a brother of . Edward Bickerson,
shot and killed, both Warrens before
they could again fire.'
" " MUSJCAIi.
PRETTY WELL
THOTYOU!
That's What We Did Saturday
and Day Before — But
Twelve Others.
The Twelve Not Sold Is What
Is Bothering: Us— What
Shall We Do?
Give Them Away? No! Not
Can't Do .That, But We'll
Split 'Em in Two.
How can we get rid of six "Weber"
pianos, one "Wheelock" and five "Stuy-
vesant" pianos, the quickest, without
losing money— that la, without lostng
much money?
We have promised to get rid of tniJ
entire "Weber line" before our competi-
tor (who now has the agency for
"Weber," with shipments on the way)
gets his stock in, and we have got to
turn things upside down to accomplish
It -within the next few days, or be
caught napping.
We have six fine and costly Webera,
one Wheelock, . and five Stuyvesant
pianos (all. brand new) to sell within
the next three or four days, and we
have simply GOT to selL We want
cost for them— factory cost— if we can
get it, but a" few dollars either way
won't hurt much on these few, and we
propose to deliver the goods.
, Just give us a chance, and if you are
in the market for something real fine—
a "topnotcher"— at_about the price of
a medium grade, then get our cost fig-
ures on a "Weber," for when an aver-
age of J208 is knocked oft the regular
price of Webers, what's the use chas-
ing around after a conglomerate mixed
lot of low-grade new, and second-
hand "Whatnots," ambiguously com-
piled, and described like job lots—
what's. the use?
Our Webers. Wheelocks, and Stuyve-
sants — all from the "Weber concern,"
and from whom no inferior instruments
ever come— are for sale (fine, fresh and
new) more than $200 below their rank
and class. They can be had on terms
of $50 down, and 515 per month, on the
few that cost us over $300. and all oth-
ers costing us less than that, shall go
at $25 down, and $10 monthly.
.We have in addition to these, four
superb "Schaeffer" pianos (the new
scale) than which there are few finer
made; to sacrifice — yes sacrifice— to-
morrow, and cost price of either of
these fine Schaeffers will place them
down so low— considering their fine
class and grade — that no one can afford
to buy anything in a piano below $300
without first seeing the "Schaeffer."
The Schaeffers sell from $375 to $500—
Just watch us come near splitting them
in two, and in some cases even worse
than that.
Another good make with all modern
improvements, fresh and new (no old
"comebacks." or second-hand pianos
called "slightly used." but new) for $165
on terms of $10 monthly— And still oth-
ers on down to $106 — factory cost.
These latter two makes retail always
for. more than twice the prices herrc
quoted — We must unload, that's ali.
and if frankness, fairness and a square
deal mean anything to those looking
for a piano, then you'll find things
right, at 126 Geary — opposite the City
of Paris dry goods store.
CLARK WISE & CO.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF TIIE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS-
OF THE
THUMNGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERPURT, IN GERMAXT, ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1903. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to tha ' provisions of sections
610 and 611 of tt>« Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
' ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $394,770 82
Cash in\Company'» Office 21*73
Cash ln^Banks 178.798 14
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ...^ 243 63
Premiums In due Course of Col- w
lection . 2V.46OO4
Total Assets .$1,273.4*9 3«
LIABIIJTIES.
Losses In orocess of Adjustment
or in suspense $35,872 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses 18.561 6t f
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $*52,-
tsCl 93: reinsurance 00 per cent.. 426.430 99
Grcas Premiums on Fire Risks
running: more than one year,
J313,4»4 47: reinsurance pro rata 331,116 T*
All other liabilities 73.661 »H
Total Liabinae .....$325,843 3?
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for Fire
Premiums I1.16C.8S6 53
Received for interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks. Loans $ and '■ — ■'
from all other sources 37,627 93
Received from home of flee........ 3.002 63
Total Income .....'.....$1,203,527 22
• , EXPENDITURES. ~
Net ' amount tiald for Fire Losses
(Including '. *11.520 94. losses of
. previous years> $627,065 13
Paid or allowed for Commission or v
. Brokerage " ...'...-.::. rJ^T. ; .... 356,362 77
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
■ charges for offlcer», clerks, etc. 65.279 15
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes »- 24.420 74
All other naymenU and : expendi-
tures ..'. 49.322 68
Total Expenditures ......... .$1019^45053
!^_ ' Ftrer
Losses Incurred during the, year.. $679.557 13
, Risks * Premiums | Fir* Risks. Premiums
Net amount Risks
■ written durieg the
year $111,417,525 05 H.579.6S4 34
Net amount Risks
' expired during the
year 121,247.344 20 1.425.894 29
Net .amount In
tore* Dec. 31. 1003 108.CS0.437 53 1.466.356 43
F. V G. VOSS. Cnited States Manager.
Subscribed : and sworn to before me. this 22d
day of January. 1904.
EDWIN -F. COREY.
Commissioner for California in New York.
PACIFIC COAST AGENCY:
VOSS, CONRAD & CO. :
208 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEABM' ST. Established
In 1M4 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body ami mind and
8kln Diseases- The Doctorcurewwhen
others fair. Try him. Charges low.
Csrcn sr»«r»«Ue>*rf- . Call or write.
Dr. J. V. 0IB8OX. Baa Fmroisco. CaL
THE . WEEKLY CALL *
$1 perYeaiv ..■...,
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
PROFESSOR HOWISON SAYS
THERE IS A HEREAFTER
Distlnauistiefl Proflessor of Ptiilosoptiu Wonders
Whu Ann Christian Doutits It.
Expounds His Theories and Gives StriRing.. Illustrate
i i T T seems remarkable that a layman should be called upon to make confession of belief
£ in immortality in an orthodox church. 1 sincerely do believe in the immortality of
the soul. I do not see how any Christian can doubt it. I speak now as a Christian
believer, though not as a believer who accepts all the historical doctrines of Christianity.
The doctrine of creation I naturally regard as a myth. It is not literally true, nor is that
of regeneration. It>iS not possible to be made good — that is not even within the scope of
divine power." — From Professor Howison's address. \
BERKELEY. Dec. 18.— The announce- {
ment that Professor George H. Howi- j
6on, head of the philosophy department
of tht University of California, would
discuss the "Immortality of the Soul"
before a body of orthodox Christians in
an orthodox church drew an audience j
which packed the auditorium of the ;
First Congregational Church this after- i
noon. So large was the crowd that Pro- j
fessor Howlson said his original plan of I
addressing what he supposed would be
a Bible class and of asking members of
the class to put their perplexities in the
form of questions, which he would an
swer, had to be changed to suit the sit
uation. •
For seventy-five minutes Professor
Howison held the attention of the audi
ence, despite the jarring interruptions
occasioned by bursts of Sunday-school
song through a thin partition rrom the
adjoining room. The distinguished phil
osopher asserted his belier in the im
mortality of the soul, chided some sec
tions of the Christian church for failure
to emphasize the tenet and incidentally
declared the story of the creation and
the doctrine of regeneration to be myths
— beautiful symbols, nothing more. He
epoke in part as follows:
1 do not go tu church and cannot say au- <
ihciitaUvely what le the state of mind of the 1
church concerning thr doctrine of the immoc- j
taltty of the soul, but frunt reading journals
which purport to describe church opinion I
chould tay that general faith in immortality
Is weak. ;
On« whole group of Christians — the so-called !
liberal group — has ceased to believe it. They |
<!o not object. I understand to any member ;
of their body cherishing the belier. but It Is
BOt of their formal tenets of faith. I don't I
know how far tt* tendency to doubt invades
the orthodox church, but 1 suspect largely.
It seems remarkable that a layman shouM
he railed upon to make confession of beli-tt in
immortality la an urthodoik church. 1 stn
t-erelr do believe in the immortality of the
boul. I do not aee bew any Christian can
doubt it. I cpeak now as a Christian believer,
though not c.« a believer who accepts all the
hi«oricai doctrines of Christianity. There is
a certain kind of ClirtotLan truth which can
i* stated simply, and which It is time Chris
tians understood to be th'lr faith. That faith
••mbraces three features, which are these :
Belief in Ood — an unchangeable and perfect
God.
'Ill* moral rrepcriEibility of each soul, with
freedem and power accordingly.
The immortality of the soul.
CHARACTERISTICS OF BELIEF.
These three things are characteristic of the
Christian religion, and not of any other. AH
<*her religions omit one or mort of these three
things, either doubt the existence of a perfect
and unchangeable God, the freedom of the
will or the immortality of the soul. The union
of these three faiths in one is charactertiztio
of Christianity.
Originally it was my plan to discuxs ques
tions here this afternoon that might be ral*ea
by perplexed or doubting persons. One such
'iu-Fiun has be* n handed to me. It is worded
taus: *
"1 do not know any life phenomena which
are not associated with the performance of
X>hycical work. In the absence, therefore, of
ratisfactory evidence that the ability to per
lorm physical work continues after the death
of the body. 1 find It difficult to believe in
the immortality of the individual human be
ing. Moreover, the Irreversible character of
many physical processes indicates a gradual
approach of the universe to a uniform state
of t*ir,peraxure. In which case the amount of
work performed In any cycle would be zero."
This query. I should say. is not to' the
point. We do not suppose that immortality is
connected with the existence of the physical.
That has nothing to do with immortality, if
Immortality means another world than this.
The question I hav* read savors of science —
the science which attempts to deal with Im
mortality when It has no right to discuss the
tnatter^t-Bcientlfic men should know the limits
of ecienfe. and If they do they will know that
the soul is not an object for scientific consid
eration. .V .:'-.••..
In this connection it may be said that not
many understand how extenElve our body 1*.
Our body doesn't stop with our skin. Our bodv
i» commeneurate with th» entire unlverte. fs
in commen with all other bodies. To illustrate,
our bodies are merely doorways or closets
through which each enters Into the ecsmos of
the univer**. All operations of eating and
drinking include the taking In of that cosmos.
Every soul has the whole of nature for Its
body. Thus perception of the universe i» pos
sible — thus it Is that we see the stars, and
thus it Is that there is no Mar so remote that
w# cannot *ee It, If not with the naked eye.
then tie can call In the Intelligent eoul to arm
the naked eye ■ ■ . -
PROOFS ARE LEGION".
The proofs that our body Is cosmos are le
gion. And so scientific objections to the doc
trine «f Immortality are really unscientific — all
rretenee. Science has no richt to go lr.to the
realm of ] spiritual truth. The < province o*
science is to touch thingr that are tangible.
to see things that -are visible and to hear
things thfft are audible.
The msteriallefB Inquiry at this point is.
perhaps, like thl»: "filnce my consclouBne»s
is of the cownle body, if the cosmic body Is
perishable, what becomes of my perceptive fac
ulties, and if that U my soul, what - become*
of me?"
This materialistic view of the matter is not
unnatural. It raises the Question: "Does
consclou«n»>*s depend on the bodyT' It makes
the material world first, the spiritual second:
The Christian should have pasted thl* stage
when he was baptized. I fear, though ■ that
much baptism Is merely the baptism of 'water
and «pt of the • «pirtt. ' Too many Christians,
*o-ealle<!. «r* etlll in the bonds of natural
materiallFtn. fearing that we have no existence
bat that founded on the body — founded on the
cossr.os.
What It the Christian's arrument for immor
tality, then? Perhaps It Is in the surrender Ot
P ADVERTISEMENTS.
Your Nerves
Are the life, the vitality, the energy of
your body.
It is the nerves that cause the heart to
pulsate, the lungs to Inhale* the oxygen,
the brain to direct the motion of every
organ of the body, the stomach to digest
food, the liver to secrete the bile the
kidneys to filter the blood, and the. bowel*
i to carry off the waste. 4
When the nerves of the stomach be-
. come weakened or exhausted. Indigestion,
Constipation and Inflammation result,- be-
cause the stomach Is Inactive.
This is true of all the organs of- the
body, and proves that to cure disease you
must strengthen the nerves.
Dr. /Wiles' IN«M-v/lne>
is the great specific for the : nerves, and
to bringing them back to ' health never
. (all to cure all cases of Nervousness,
Sleeplessness. Neuralgia, - Headache.,
. Spasms. Backache. Muscular Twitching*,
6t. Vitus* Dance. Epilepsy, Stomach, Liv-
" er and Kidney troubles.
"For two years physicians ; and health
, resorts failed to relieve me of a complica-
tion of stomach, liver, kidney and heart
•'- affections. Eir bottles of Dr. Miles* Ner-
vine cured me."— aB^MEBp
J G. TV. ABCHBOLD, Oroeer. I>eeatur,.Ind.
The first bottle will . benefit. If not, the
drureiet will return roar money.
WELL-KNOWN HEAD OF THE DEPARTMENT OP PHILOSOPHY AT THE UNI
VERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. WHO YESTERDAY, IN A NOTEWORTHY AD
~ DRESS, DECLARED HIS BELIEF IN THE IMMORTALITY OF THE SOUL.
argument and the resort to faith, this situation
being most beautifully described by Tennyson
la the opening of his poem, "In Memoriam" :
Strong son of God. immortal Love
Whom we, that have not seen thy face.
By faith, and faith atone embrace.
Believing where we. cannot prove.
Thine are these orbs of light and shade;
Thou madest Life in roan and brute:
Thou madest Death; and. lo! thy foot
Is on the skull which thou has made.
Thou wilt not leave us in the dust;
Thou'madest man,* he knows not why.
He thinks he, was not made to die;
And thou hast made him: thou art Just.
Professor Jowett, that brilliant doubter, says
the only solid argument for Immortality 1*
found in the goodness of God. who* will not
suffer us to perish and become as nothing.
Emerson. In his "Essay on ., Immortality,"
which 1 ence heard him read, is confusing-, and
at times disheartening, as one who alms first
at one goal and then at another, now high In
certitude, now low in do&bt, confusing, almost
destructive, finding -that "perhaps our desire
to be with Go4 may be responsible . for belief
In Immortality."
Others, as Comte. have set up humanity as
an object of worship, declaring that, though all
Individuals fall and are extinct, humanity
wins. Whose humanity? If there are to be
no eternal Individuals, how about an eternal
God? What significance ia it for God to live
alone?
I find It difficult to ' make myself clear on
WILL WELCOME THE RETURN
HOME OP BISHOP HAMILTON
Methodists Will Assemble in Simpson
', Memorial Church to Greet the
Popular Clergyman. "
The Methodists of San Francisco
will assemble at Simpson, Memorial
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan
streets, this evening to t . greet \Blshop
and Mrs. J. W. Hamilt6n on their re-,
turn from an extended. Episcopal tour
of the Eastern States. Addresses Will
be delivered by several clergymen and
laymen, and the Bishop will close with
an extended address concerning the
great work .in which he Is" engaged.
The ladles of Simpson church will
serve light refreshments.' It is ex
pected that a large number.' will be
present, as Bishop Hamilton is 'greatly
beloved, not only by the Methodists
of this city, I but by those of othe"r de
nominations as well. , . ' .-.',
WILL BUT MiCHKEKT.- Alameda. Dec
18. — At 'the meeting of the City Trustees to
morrow night bids will be awarded for furnish
ing the Municipal Electric Light and Power
Work* with a • new engine and generator - to
«c«t $13,000. The bids " submitted ■ by the
Charles C. Moore Company are favored by. the
City Trustees, and the award will probably be
madt to that firm. '
• hair of the head . grows faster' in
•ummcr thaa^ln winter* ' ■ "^i!
THE SAN' FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY. DECEMBER 19, 1904:
this point— the lack of significance in the ex
istence of a solitary God— to an audience which
doubtless ,han been taught to believe In the
value and Figniflcance of a God who once was
solitary before creating man. To you, then,
the - significance may; be that he did not stay
solitary-
The doctrine of creation I naturally regard
as a myth. It is not literally true, nor i» that
of regeneration. It is not possible to be made
good — that is not even within the scope of di
vine power. Goodness cannot be created. ■ I
accept the tradition or myth of regeneration as
a beautiful symbol. Intended to show the part
divine existence has had in the matter— as if
God had mad* me over. We are made anew,
are changed by gazing into that image -of
goodness,, from splendor to splendor. ■: % > ■ . •:
'And so in the /same way is creation a'myth,
Intended as a beautiful metaphor by which we
see how we depend for our existence upon God.
In the name way we know that a spirit cannot
exist but in the socUty of other spirits — we all
being members of a changeless reality of .which
t-uoh realities as bodies are merely conse
quences.
■ Nature exisU because we all do exist i, There
Is in the physl:al world something independent
of us, which transcends us in pome ways, as,
we may say. we know the mountains are older
and firmer than we, but that Is merely because
my solitary existence is inadequate to explain
nature and not because humanity,, of which' I
am a part, is not thus adequate. This . con
sciousness we have of this in us that, trans-
Bcends nature we call religious consciousness,'
We know that we belong in a world of spirits,
of which the chief . the . central spirit, Is the
perfect and , unchanging God..
DETECTIVE MAY BECOME , . >
GOLDFIELD < HOTEL MAN
C. C'CrmvIeyV Head 'of: Police Bureau
of Southern Pacific, likely
' to Retire. .
OAKLAND, Dec. 18.— C. C Crow
ley, .for years at the' head of th?e de
tective bureau ' of ' the Southern . Pa
cific Company, is now /in Goldfield,
Nev., where he plans to embark ln^'the
hotel ,, business. . ICrowley gaye^up ; his
residence on - Fruitvale avenue, :< near
Hopkins . street, In / Fruitvale, ; two
months ago 't and ' went to the booming
mining town in Nevada. - •
'": It is understood that If he derides to
engage in hotelkeeping "In? Goldfield
he will retire fromvthe detective bu
reau of the Southern . Pacific. 'Com
pVny.'in which he has made'a splendid
record in running s down ' criminals
who .have injured the ; property, of the
corporation. KBHjBtfHnHnMI
JEWELRT IB STOLEN. — Alameda, ' Dec 18
Mrs.- J.< A. Hart; living- in the Bamman block
on : Santa ; Clara . avenue, i near > Park i street, \ has
reported, to the police that a lot of Jewelry was
•tolen . from ' her , apartments ' yesterday ; after
noon while she was absent.' '.The police discov
ered that entrance I had : been obtained • to the
room« , through . the . use of a key lef t ■ in one '. of
the doora Mtfbv. ' ' ...';•#-'*>■•
- It's a : wonder '.the authorities do not
get' after Satan'f or neglecting \ to "equip
bts .'resort with fire escapes.; • ; , '
ELECTRIC ROADS
ARE BUILDING
Contra <Costa County Get
■; t ing Needed Iniprp veiiients
in Transportation Lines
CONNECT WITH OAKLAND
franchises Asked For Over
Important Routes Through
Rich and Growing Sections
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
, . ,{ : • 1016 Broadway, Dec. ,18.
Contra Costa. County will Boon be
connected with Oakland by a complete
electric railway system thajt will reach
every portion of that rich and rapidly
growing county. Who is behind- this
electric railway system .is not stated,
but the work- is actually under way
upon franchises that have been ob
tained, while still other .franchises are
being asked for. Up to the present time
the only piece of.electric railroad in all
of Contra Costa County has been a few
miles in operation at Point Richmond.
The work of building the connection
between Point Richmond and Oakland
is already under way. The material is
on the ground,- gangs of men are "grad
ing and laying the rails and it is an
nounced that inside of six- months the
cars will be running through.
At the time work was begun on the
Oakland connection R. H. Latimer, ,"one
of the leading lawyers of Martinez,
filed an application for an electric rail
road franchise to run from Mulr sta-,
tion," on the Santa Fe Railroad in Al
hambra Vajley,* to Martinez, to Pache
co, Concord. Walnut Creek and then
toward Oakland over what is knownias
the 'Fish ranch road, passing through
Lafayette and ending at the Alameda
County line at the tunnel. .
. Whether this is all part of a general
plan, and who Mr. Latimer represents,
he declines to. say. .Who is behind the
railroad construction between Oakland
and Point \ Richmond is another mys
tery. Mr. Latimer merely says he rep
resents people who will go to work at
once. W. S. Rheem, who is the super
intendent of the Point Richmond line
that , is connecting up with Oakland,
says' merely that his road is to be built
to the Alameda County line and to con
nect with the San Pablo avenue line of
the Oakland Traction Company and the
Key Route. Mr. Rheem is the superin
tendent of the Standard Oil Company's
works at' Point' "Richmond, and this
may "furnish some clew as to whom he
represents in the railroad deal. Mr.
Rheem also says it will not be long be
fore. Point Richmond is connected with
Martinez -by electric road. So it would
seem that Contra Costa County is
about to experience a season of rail
road. building such as it, has never
known before. - ; •
These lines will- open up a country
that is rich in both. products of the soil
and products' of the mills., They will
connect. the great manufacturing water
front with, the \ rich interior and- will
vastly ..aid >;:the<^.-development ;of ) the
county.- The. growth of;, Contra Co£ta
County has been very great, and. where
once -.were onlysmall landings are now
cities. Richmond has in the . neighbor
hood of r.ooo population, and Black Dia
mond, which was once bid ■; New York
Landing." is now a thriving town. The
Contra Costa Gazette is already agi
tating the advertising of Its water front
and asking for Federal aid : for its de
velopment, and Secretary, Metcalf of
the Department of Commerce and La
bor has called attention to the fact that
Contra Costa County ' Is already the
second manufacturing ■ county in the
State. What the county has needed has
been better railroad service, and ap
parently it is at last to have this!
PERSONAL.
, .-, P. H. Greer of, Portland is at the
Grand.
Henry Harlan of Portland is at the
Palace. • :
Isaac Bird, a Fresno merchant, is at
the Lick.
Warwick M. Dowing of Denver is at
the Palace. —
Dr. J." Wallace de Witt of Antioch is
at the | Grand.
Attorney Frank Freeman of ; Willows
is at the ' Lick. _. N , .
F. G..- Roberts lone of Modesto's
bankers,' is. at the Palace.
L Charles D. Mercer, a mining man of
Tonopah, is at the Palace. •
• aVh; Manning,- a Reno business man,
and • his ' wife- are at -the Palace.
' Beri Gbrden, a -merchant' of Sacra
.mento,: is registered at the Grand. '
A. ' P. Cross, a 1 - .young railroad pro
moter of Los'Angelesr is at the Palace.
Prison Director Devlin Is down from
Sacramento and ' staying " at the " Palace:
Clarence 'McCorhick, mining < man
and banker of Salt Lake City Ms at the
St. Francis.
H. P. Garthwaite, manager of ..the
Butters mining Interests in Salvador, is
at the Palace.
Edgar Sheehan, who is identified with
the wine -business in Sacramento, is
registered at the Palace.
J. Wells Smith,;a well-known min
ing man of Colorado, who has been
looking over;' properties in Nevada, Is
at , the Palace. >-. ;•."* -\
B. U. Stelnman, the well-known
banker ■ and merchant of Sacramento;
and his wife and daughter, who have
been visiting New arrived- in
this ' city, yesterday; and are staying at
the Palace.. ; , " ,v ;•
Mr. and Mrs. E.*,D. Tenny,. prominent
residents of Honolulu, , who have been
visiting New York, arrived yesterday
from the East and are at the St. Fran
cis I awaiting the departure of the next
steamer for Hawaii.
:' 'James McParland of Denver, superin
tendent of .; the <Pinkerton.; agencies in
the West, who has won the reputation
of being one of the gamest and clever
est thief takersin '• this country, arrived
from Portland yesterday, and is staying
at the Occidental. He ig'making an in
spection: tour ;bf the -Pinkerton offices
and , will leaveforLoa Angeles in a few
days. . ■/ /■■„•.• •* ■ -■ -v.--- : . , ■ ,- . ' ■■
• Among the arrivals at ; the } Palace
yesterday^ was Scott . Hudson of : Lex- J
ington, oneTof ; the .noted reinsmen" of
the , trotting, world,*; who ranks with the
famous Geers and has driven-; some of
',the fastest steppers around the'Ameri?
can ,' ; circuit.'*;', Hudson has r f come West
to inspect the breeding farms ; in Cali
fornia iand i during % his /stay here .: he
• will { be ; the ; guest '■ of .Colonel John . C
Kirkpatrlck,\whose principal : hobby is
: the : breeding and ; racing " of . fast = road
sters.f of whlchfhe has a number of
« the best. . ; ■".}-'■ ~: ;v \, '•■•-■.■-'
• . SOCIALISM .^ AND Ala
meda,. Dec'. IS. — Rev. 'Alexander- P.v Doyle, the
noted Cat hclic • divine - and '■ a member of t the
Paullst order, will deliver an address »n "So
cialism : and :. Catholicity" ..- in Lafayette ••• Hali;
next Friday night," under the auspices of Cali
fornia ; Council - of , the Young Men'a Institute.
Th» lecture ; will be free to the pubUev" :
PRISON HOLDS
BOLD BURGLAR
Patrolman Lloyd Bravely
Struggles With Two and
Brings One of Them to Jail
CAUGHT AT THE CRIME
Overtaken fn Meat Market
AV r hile ftoftbing Plac£ Into
• Which Tltey Had Broken
Patrolman E..E. Llovd captured a
burglar last evening In, the meat mar
ket of A. Geantlt at 935 Montgomery
avenue. The . man, whose name, is
James Dillon, alias Brady, was rob
bing the place with; an unknown ac
complice when the policeman came up
on them and interrupted their work.
Lloyd had a desperate struggle with
the men when they tried to make their
escape. One got away, but he clubbed
theother one into submission with the
butt ejid of his revolver.
Lloyd was patrolling his beat when
he discovered that the Yale lock on
the \ side, door had been, wrenched off.
Suspecting that ' a." crime had been
committed tbe policeman entered and
searched tire.' place with his electric
lamp. At this time he was unable to
discover any trace of the burglars, but
when he reached to turn on the gas
and light it, two human forms sud
denly sprang from behind /a counter
and started for the door.
■Lloyd seized each man by the coat
collar and was dragged along by them
through the doorway and into" the
street. Both ' of - the robbers then
showed fight and the policeman did
everything In his j power to subdue
them. Finally one of the men turned
his coat back and caused the officer's
grip to slip. He then dashed down
-Montgomery avenue, but Dillon con
tinued to give his captor battle. Lloyd
drew his revolver and clubbed the
burglar on the head. When the latter
begged' for 'mercy and gave up the
fight he was handcuffed and taken to
the City Prison. In the market were
found a hatchet and a chisel used in
prying off ..the lock, also three large
rocks tied up in sacks which were to
have been used as weapons.
The police have been unable to learn
much concerning Dillon. He attributes
his presence in the place to the fact
that *he was drunk. It is said, how
ever, that he is an ex-convict and
has done time under the name of
Brady. He refuses to reveal the name
of his partner.
Later in the evening Llovd, in com
pany with Policeman Jack Stelzner, ar
rested Thomas Sbarbaro on suspicion
of being the second man implicated In
the burglary. Sbarbaro answers the
description, and it Is probable that he
will be charged.
PLOTS TO SAVE
THE SONG BIRDS
Audubon Society Member
Would Discourage the
AYearino* of Feathers
Sped*.: Dispaub tu The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— Protests have
been received by the city officials for
the last few days against a "proposed
city ordinance" requiring all disorderly
women to wear stuffed birds. or feath
ers on their hats. This culminated
when a letter reached the City Hall
from Mrs. Francis W. Graham of Lock
port, president of the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union of the State of
New York. . . . : .•
Mrs. Graham's letter said her or
ganization was in receipt of a circular
signed by Charles M. Skinner of Brook
lyn stating that the Board of Aldermen
of the city of New York had under con
sideration the feather- wearing meas
ure. ~ The circular, according to Mrs.
Graham, also said that a fine would be
imposed by the ordinance upon all
women coming within -its provisions
who failed to live up to them.
' "While I doubt the truth "of these
statements," .wrote Mrs. Graham, "as
president of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union of this Statel write
to inquire if what the "circular states is
correct, and if so to protest against the
enactment of such an ordinance, or of
any proposal to recognize, tolerate or
sanction the social evil." v
, Search of the records of the Board of
Aldermen failed to reveal any ordin
ance of the sort suggested by Mrs. Gra
ham. Inquiry then turned to , Charles
M. Skinner of Brooklyn, the signer.: of
the circular to which Mrs.' Graham .re
ferred. Skinner is prominently connect
ed * with the -AuduboiK»Soclety, -i which
has for Its chief object the preservation
of all song birds and. birds of plumage
and the discouragement of the wearing
of feathers or stuffed birds by women
as r millinery, decorations.
: VTfes, I am a signer of the circular in
question,", said Skinner; this afternoon.
VI have . sent it i all over .the country, in
my ; endeavor, to have .various organiza
tions .write to; the New 'York Aldermen
urging the enactment of the ordinance
in question, and « have like ordinances
enacted in other cities of the country."
, -When Skinner's attention was called
to the fact that the records of the Ald
ermen, failed to .disclose the presence
of any . such ; ordinance, he gravely , an
nounced that he knew, the entire mat
ter was before .the board for "consid-
: RECTORY FOR CHRIST CHURCH.—Ala
ineda, Dec. 18. — Arrangements have been made
by the I vestry of Christ Episcopal Church - for
the' purchase- ' of ; the w Sohlke property at 1718
Alameda avenue,. to be uaed aa a rectory. The
purchase price is $4000. and $1000 more will
be expended in remodeling •; the residence to
meet the requirements of a rectory. ; *
RATE. OF POSTAGE
on
: THE CALL:
.Domestic ..:". . . '. .' .'.5 cents :
F'oreign .9 cents ;;
- : Domestic postage Includes all
'.* points in i; the' Unl ted ' ; States, i
Mexico, Hawaiian Islands, Phil- •
( ippines, ! Porto Rico," Canada and
;.^Guam;,'
' ; , 3IalI sumptuous paper to
friends in .. the ; East and
■'^abroad. : -.v"v : -Vr- .-';•.;.=.. --• ; -_ ;.-- ••
HOLIDAYS HATE
LITTLE EFFECT
Alameda County Eeal Estate
Dealers Eeport Good Busi
ness During the Last Week
CIYIC CLUBS ARE BUSY
Improvement Organizations
of Oakland Lend Valuable
Aid in Work for Progress
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Dec. 18.
-The usual holiday depression in the
Alameda County real estate market
has been but little in evidence during
the past week, nearly all the . local
dealers reporting a fairly brisk busi
ness, in spite of the fact that every
one is preparingforthe celebration of
Christmas. It is expected that, the
coming week will be quiet, as real es
tate dealers are not among the busi
ness men who a»c benefited by the rush
of holiday trade, the heaviest volume
of which generally comes during the
week before Christmas.
The work of the various improve
ment clubs and civic organizations of
Oakland has contributed much to the
prosperity of the year, and to these
bodies is due much of the credit for
the increased sales of real estate in
this city and its suburbs. | At the head
of. the list of the organizations which
have contributed to the prosperity of
the city is the Oakland Board of Trade,
which has been the means of inducing
several large manufacturers to locate
in Oakland during the year. ' Another
of the civic bodies which has been
largely instrumental in bringing about
the general prosperity of the communi
ty is the Independence Square • District
Improvement Club of East Oakland.
Through the efforts of this club ten
blocks of streets have been graded,
curbed and macadamized and more
than 3250 feet of cement sidewalks have
been laid in the last twelve months.
NEW OFFICERS.
At the last meeting of the club the
following officers were elected for the
ensuing term: President, Charles P.
Welch; first 'vice vice president, J- C.
Estey; second vice president, Manuel
Dias; secretary-treasurer, Albert
Schmidi •?:'-?■ .
The Fruitvale Property Owners' As
sociation and the Board of Trade of
Fruitvale have prepared subscription
lists for circulation among the business
men of the community for the purpose
of raising money for the printing and
distribution of literature descriptive of
the advantage of "Fruit vale as a resi
dence district.
Oakland real estate men express
themselves as well satisfied with the
conditions of the market and expect a
continuation; of . the. present prosperity
next year, j : ''.'•''.:*;; "l,; jl *_.'•• V
A, J. Snyder, who for thirty years
has been located at 467 Ninth street,
has secured the building at Broadway
and Eighth street which • will - soon- be
vacated by. the Contra Costa Water
Company, and will move his office
there about' February 1, 1905. Regard
ing the holiday market, Mr." Snyder
said:
I have nothing to complain of. My salesmen
ere all busy, and I have closed up more sales
fro far this month than 1 have any other month
during the year. "^ESKCBKtSB
This Is remarkable, because people are busy
preparing for Christmas and my business does
not partake of any of the special advantages
which fall to the lot of the merchant In.th©
retail trade around the holidays.
William J. Laymance of the Lay
mance Real Estate Company says:
The population of Oakland has. Increased
nearly 40.0C0 In the- last four year*, and I am
satisfied that the rate of Increase will be
during the next year. Our business
lias been unusually brisk during the last
month, and I look for a splendid market after
the holidays. i
Taylor Brothers & Co. have Just
placed on the market a number of fine
residence lots in Tuxedo Park Boule
vard Heights and Lake View Terrace.
S. M. Dodge & Son have opened * a
branch office in Berkeley and are hand
ling some fine residence property in the
college town. They will soon begin the
erection of three residences near
Dwight way station. .
GOOD BERKELEY SALE. ,
Francis Ferrler. of Berkeley yesterday
sold the Bailey, block at Dwight way
station to the California Land and De
velopment Company. The sale was
made for A. Sidney Jones, the purchase
price being $40,000. The building is
three stories and is at the corner of
Blake street and Shattuck avenue.
A new brick byilding is to be erected
on the south side of Tenth street, be
tween Broadway and Franklin street.
The site of the new structure is owned
by Miss Louise and -, Miss* Emma Ma
honey. The new building will be one
story in height and will.be used ■ for
stores. Work will be commenced at
once. ...
A., Dodge Coplln, the well known
Oakland architect, has . just returned
from New York. He gives an interest-
Ing account of his trip through the
Bast, and suggests that this city change
its name from Oakland to California
City. .
Entertainments Prove Popular.
OAKLAND, Dec. 18.— -The winter
course of * entertainment given by the
Alameda County Christian Endeavor
Union is proving popular, and the two
entertainments so far given have been
well attended. The next lecture will
be given ; on January 12 by Dr. Charles
Eastman on "The ; Last Stand of the
Sioux." Following xis the complete
programme of the various events to
come: January 23, Ralph Parlette, hu
morist, " '.'Weighted in the" Balances" ;
February 1/. Rev. Charles R. Brown,
lecture on "Alaska"; March 6, Reno B.
"Welbourn, lecture on "Radinm' and
"Wireless Telegraphy.". These lectures
will be given at the Cadet Armory at
Fifteenth and Jefferson streets.
Shoots Himself by Accident.
.;-• WALNUT CREEK. Dec. 18. — Roy
Wolfe, a young man employed at' J. S.
Hook's ranch, ; about three miles from
this .placed . accidentally : shot himself
In the right breast last .night while
trying to load < an, old-fashioned horse
pistol. Dr. *C.- Rl Leach • was • called,'
and after dressing the' wound had
Wolfe removed to the County Hospi
tal, ;where . the bullet was extracted.
The. doctors believe, that while - the
wound is dangerous it is not necessari
ly . fatal.: Wolfe i is about 20 ; years . of
age and unmarried.'
Japanese Miner Killed.
OAKLAND.. Dec. 18.— I. Tanria
gughi, a- Japanese coal . miner, _ was
killed : last'riight at Tesla. by striking
his .head' against a "drift timber, while
he. i was ; driving ' a~ mule^car • the
ahaf t. . . The Coroher was notified.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CiiLL IN
ALA]tfEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND. .
1010 Broadway.-
Telephone Main 1033.
BERKELEY.
J148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1485 Park Street.
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
SATURDAT. DECEMBER IT.
WHIard de I* and Clara Jeannett*. KJnrs
bury (wife) (by California Saf • Deposit aad Troit
Company, trustee) to California Horn* Butldi.-'*
and Lean Company. &*6 D. 284, lot on SW Un«
of Hamilton place, 163.35 N"W of Oakland ave
nue, NW -J5 by SW 90. lot 31. and SE 15 f»«t
lot 30, Hamilton Tract.. - Oakland, trusted
deed; $3144.
Mary Johnson (Klllian) (admlnUtratrtx estate
of Ann Klllian) to Mary I* Jonea. all Interest
ln» lot 27. block 2024. map 2. Whltcher Tract.
Oakland: $300.
Mary Killian (administratrix estate- of Jame»
Killian or Ketllan) to tame, all' Interest la
same, Oakland; $530.
Robert Frascr to Eliza J. Gillespto (wlf^ of
Samuel 8.), lot beginning at point 100, H frcm
NE corner of Central avenuo CWest Twelfth cr
James) and Wood street, N 25 by B 95. portion
lots 2 and 3. block A, Oakland Point Home
ttead. Oakland: (10. * -
Joseph and Elizabeth Lancaster to Patar A.
and Mary M. Kldd, lot on W Hn« of (3rov«
street. 07:6 N of Thirty-seventh, N 60 by W
150, lot 14 and portion of lot 1. block B, Ap
«ar Tract.- Oakland: $10. V*v
Holcomb Land Company (Haron— Holoomb
Company) to Andrew J. Morrison, lot on N lin»
of Railroad avenue or Saventh street, 73 W of
Chestnut.' W 25 by N 100. Oakland; $ia * :
C. M. and Lena O. MacGrefor to Wesley J.
Baker, lot on S line of - Thirty-fourth street.
180:7 E of Market, E 31:8 by S 100, portion
lot 6. block K, property Central Land Com
pany, Oakland: $10.
CharUs H. and May I. Hopkins to Rudolph
Spangrvnberff, lot on E line of Adeline- street.
75 S ,ot Thirty-sixth. 8 60 by B 123.- portion
lota 6 and C. . block 682. map -Vs. 2. Watts
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Sarah E. and Ear low P.- Bancroft (husband)
(and as attorney) to Nellie C. Span j»ab*r*.
lot on E line of Sumltt street, ISO S of Twan
ty-nlnth (Prospect). S 83 by E 99.08, beta*. 3
35 feet of lot 15, Borland property, deed and
agreement, Oakland; $10. - - -■•-
Herman S. Me Keen (single) to Louis Shaffer,
lot on N lln» of Thirty- third street.- 1S3^ K
of Market, E 83 by N 100, portion of lot 29.
block K, property Central Land Company,
Oakland; $10. . - - ■
Ellsa S. and Emll C Roeder to Joseph Rat
tray, lot on N line of Thirty-first street. B70 13
of Grove. E 40 by N" 140, portion of lots S'J
and 88. block 2036, Rowland Traot* Oakland;
*10, . .
Joseph Rattray to Matilda Harll Kattray.
same. Oakland: $10.
Real Estate Security Company to Ksls Iv*r
sen, lot on NE line of John street. 92:8 ITW-of
Webster. *TW 32 :S by NE 100. portloa of lot
6, block 6, plan of Howe Tract, Oakland;- $10.
John C. Appell to Fred P. and Esther Stan
ton, lot 8. block 8. map of I. M. -Wentworta
Boot and Shoe Company's Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Georgtanna da Rohan Baronldts (widow) to
came, lots 6 and 7. subdivision 8, Home . Park
Tract. Berkeley; $10f
Augusto J. and Roza llunlz to Francisco
de Souza Calaco, lot oa W line of Sixth street,
100 S of Channing way, 8 28.85 by "W 13tf.
fractional part of lot T. block 133, corrected
map of Raymond Tract, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Mattle 8. McCormJck (widow) to Louise II.
McCann (wife of F. W.). lot on SE corner of
Court and Lincoln avenues. -E 105:9 by. -E
117 :«H. lots 16 and 17. block B, subdivision of
map of Satber and Ro'>inson Tract, Alameda;
no. . ... . . . -
Cecelia or Cella and William C. Eryaa to
Margaret Hutchlnscn (widow), lot on W" line of
Adeline street, 10«:tJ N of Third. N 25 by W
128:3. lot 42. block 477, map 1\ Briggs Tract.
Oakland; $10.
C. M. and Lena G. MacGreeor to Karl II.
Nickel. lot on N -line of Santa Clara avenue.
58:8 E of Oakland avenue, E 65 by.N 74, por
tion of lota 3 and 4. map of Santa Clara ave
nue prooerty. Oakland; $10. : '•
. George A. and Fortuna Lewis- (wife) to C. 31.
MacGregor, lot on N corner of Adame street
and Oakland avenue. NE 90. NW 120. SW, 31.
SE 120:3, portion lots 15 and 1«* blocks F. lands
Oakland View Homestead Association. Oak
land: $10.
Richard Altschul <rteentor estate, of Ludwig
Altschul) to Charles 8. Neal. all interest In lot
,on SK corner of Railroad or Oakland avenue
and Bay street. E 32:4^j. S 81:12. W 32:4Vi.
N 7a:7Ki. lot 16 and portion lot 13, block 44.
land on Oakland Point (r*nroad ferry landing),
tract 406, Oakland: $300. .
W. H. H. and Fannie A. Graves (by W. 3.
Harlow, commissioner) to Edward E» Rontns.
lot. on E line of Linden street, ' 207.69 N of
Wesrt Fourteenth. E 123 by N 40 nortlan tots
7 and 8, block B9O, Galindo Tract, Oakland;
$67.".!>.
Sarah E. Jenkins (single) to sam**^ same,
Oakland, quitclaim deed: $1.
Edward E. Ronlrg (alnjfiej to Charles Jacob
same, Oakland: $10. ....
Alice and Alfred W. Wright to H. M. and
Jennie Martin (wife). 8 40 feet of lot 21. block
B, Berry-Bangs Tract, etc., Berkeley; $10.
Scenic Park Realty ■ Company to' Frederic
Ernest Farrington. lots 4. 5. block 2 Daley's
Scenic Park. Berkeley, dead and agreement:
$10.
The Realty Syndicate <a corporation) ta
Archibald C. Shaw. S 43 feet of lot 4, block 22
McGee Tract, portion plat «7. Berkeley: $10t
Giovanni E. and Florence V. Channlng t»
Frederick H. Dakin Jr. (single). lot on -E Itaa
of Shattuck avenue. 230 S ot Vina street. 8 S3
by E 119:7. block 5. map resubdlvtston block
6. Antlsell Tract, Berkeley; $X0. •
W. E. and Josephine Knowles to Seneca
Gale, lot on N line of Durant avenue 1R5 E
of Telegraph (Choat), E 52 by Jf ISO. portion
lot 7. block 10. property College Homestead
Association. Berkeley $100.
SEES IMPROVEMENT IX •/V'-
THE WORD'S ' CONDITION*
Dr. H. II. Bell Takes" Optimistic View
of Men and Nations of , • - .
T-~ To-Day.
"The world Is In a great deal better
condition to-day than it ever was."
said the Rev. H. H. Bell; D. t>..' at
the First United Presbyterian Church,
Golden Gate avenue and Polk street,
last night. Dr. Bell's sermon " was
founded on the theme. . "The 'Pre-emi
nent One," in which -he showed the
influence of Jesus Christ on : alt man
kind.
The progress ' of the ages step by
step was due to his influence and the
great charity bestowed year by year
•was all the result of the divine • pre
cept and teaching of the Savior. The
same influence was responsible for the
more charitable understanding be
tween Christian nations and even. for
the humane methods followed In pa
gan lands.
Dr. Bell showed how in Jauan tHe
higher ideals exist. There,, he said.
$1,000,000 is expended • annually for
the Red Cross Society. He cited the
better protection of women and 'chil
dren than in former generations when
their toiling was a matter of custom.
The laws had grown kinder and the
relation between man . and man -had
vastly improved in. every -way.
Sore Throat
' A Harmless Antiseptic.
Endorsed by the medical profession.
Send. ten cents to pay postage on
freo trial bottle. Sold by Lead-
ing Druggists. .Not genuine unless
label bears my signature :
61OPrinc«SuN.Y^OLD BRIG TANNER ARRIVES
AFTER A HARD TRIP.
Battered by the Elements, She
Finally Reaches Port.
The old brig Tanner, after the many
vicissitudes that have followed her for
the last fifty year*, once more hobbled
into port yesterday, storm beaten and
practically dismantled. She left Port
Angeles on December 2 and had barely
got into the Pacific when she ran into
b. tremendous hurricane. She was
knocked about and buffeted in all kinds
of gales until December 6. Here she
ran into a southwest gale which tossed
her about like a cockle shell. Two of
her staysails were blown away, as well
as her Jib.
la the midst of the storm ebe sprung
a leak. Great seas washed over her
from stem to stern and a big wave
e truck her windmill and carried it
away.
The captain sounded the pumps and
found that there were five feet of water
in the hold. The ship at this time was
practically at the mercy of the ele
ments, the storm was raging furiously
and the captain was almost at his wit's
end to know what to do. The crew wag
beginning to get belligerent. They went
aft to the captain's quarters and de
manded that he turn the vessel about
and fro back to the port from which
they started. This took place Just off
C&pe Flatttny. Captain Holstrom re
fused to act on his crew's demands and
c-rdered the vessel kept on her course
to this port. Heavy seas kept swash
ing over the decks, flooding her with
water. A tremendous gale from the
southeast was blowing all the time.
She finally succeeded in making port.
She brings lumber and shingles to J.
TV. Carey. The Tanner is the oldest
vessel now in commission on this coast.
She was built in 1S55 at Smithtown,
New. York. During her career she has
been in all kinds of mishaps. She was
humped up on the rocks of this coast
dozens of times, but has alvavg man
aged to get off with slight injury.
Has Terrible Fall.
AJwc OlMon had a terrible fail on the Brit-
Uh ehip Grenada yeaterday. He nu point:
down the ladder from the main deck to c*t a
bucket or water, when he missed his footing
«LUd clipped. He fell * distance of over thirty
reet, landing la the bottom of the hold -with
* terrible ibud. Why he vu not killed in
stantly Is a mvettry- Those on board Imme
diately rushed to the rescue. They lound him
a broken, bleeding mass. They picked him up
«.nd carried him on fleck and carefully laid
him out on a hatch, lie was unconscious and
the crew expected that he would die a.t ajiy
instant. They eent word on ebor* to Crow-
J«y'e boat house to brin« out a launch and
Crowley himself came out and brought the
man ashore. H<? was immediately taken to
the Harbor Emergency Hoepitat. Here it
was found that Oleson had suffered a com
pound fracture of the right thigh, a fracture
o? the right elbow and a dislocation of the
\f't elbow. Th» entire right side of his face
wae almost srr.fushed to a pulp, while the left
side of his face was so bruised that it was
beyond recognition. Dr. Pinkham. who at
tended to the patient, said that notwithstand
ing the terrible Injuries he had received he
could not find any internal injuries. Later
on the man was removed to St. Mary's Hos
pital.
Crowds on Water Front.
A creat crowd thronged the water front
yesterday, and every iaum-h in the bay from
tfc? different boathouses was kept busy taking
crowd* out to the battleship Ohio and the
treat steamer Minnesota. About the gang
ways cf the Minnesota hovered a big fleet of
launch*-.* which came from every part of the
bay. The Gclden Gate brought on a number
of army officers from Angel Island and pri
vate tugs brought out a number of prominent
people in social and financial circles. The
niErr.moth steamer was thronged with visitors,
who cezkI in amazement at the proportions of
th» greatest carrier that ever floated on the
Pacific. When the captain explained to a
number of his friends in the main drawlng
•rocm of the ship that the Minnesota, if she
were to b* stood up on her end, would be
twice as high as The Ca!l building, they could
harfily believe it. but It Is a fact <ust the
same. They aJso thought that when the cap
tain eald she could carry 25.000 tons of gen
eral frright that he was talking In generali
ties. She can do this, nevertheless. She can
carry 2S.000 tons of dead weight freight. She
will eall for Seattle to-day.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRTVF.D
Funday. December IS.
Etmr Brunswick, Eiiefsen 14 hours from
WOtt BlTLgg.
Ptmr National City. Hammar. 40 hours from
' San Pedro.
Stmr Samoa, Sladsen. S9 hours from San
TfSro.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson. 24 hours from Eureka.
Br stmr Wellington, Cutler, 85 hours from
Ladysmith.
Stmr Coronado. Lindquist. 27 hours from
Santa Barbara.
Stmr Asuncion. Bridgett, 22 houre from Port
Herford.
Stmr Maggie, Whitney, 4 hours from Half
mocn Bay.
Stmr Cooc Bay. Xicolson. 55 houre from
Ean Pedro.
Br.R Tanner, Holmstrom, 15 days from Port
Anjr*Ies.
Echr Bessie K, Stark, 12 hours from Ean
Vicente Trending.
Rchr Mary C. Campbell, 10 hour* from Bo-
Oga.
SAILED.
Sunday, December 18.
Etmr Santa Roea. Alexander, San Diego and
■way port*.
Ftmr North Fork, Nelson. Eureka.
Rlmr Pomona, Swanson. Eureka.
Ktmr Geo W Elder, Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Bee. Wehman. Grays Harbor.
Strar South Co&Bt. Olsen. Caspar.
Stmr San Mat*o. Klrkwood. San Joee de
Guatemala.
Ftmr C*lia. Relnertson. Albion Riv»r.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen, Grays Harbor.
ftmr Samoa. Madsen. Caspar.
Ctmr National City. Hammar, Fort Bragg.
fichr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reye*.
Echr Compeer, tapping. Grays Harbor.
.v.---: TELEGRAPHIC.
• POINT LOBOS. Dec IS. 10 p m— Weather
fcaay; wind NE; velocity 10 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REVES— Passed Dec IS.*9 a m— Stmr
Ma,n>hfleld. from Hardy Creek, for San Diego;
«mr Coquille River, from Crescent City, for
6an Diego.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 18 — Stmr Jefferson,
•from Ska«way.
Sailed Dec 17 — Stmr Cottage City, for Skag-
BALLARD— Sailed Dec 17— Schr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
• ASTORIA— Sailed Dec IS— Ger stmr Numan.
tia. for China and Japan: stmr Aurelia for
Ean Francisco; Fr bsrk Europe for Queens
town: Br bark Ruthwell. for Cape Town; bktn
James Jobncon. for San Fedro.
Arrived Dec IS— Stmr Chas Nelson hence
Dm 15; echr Mabel Gale from San Pedro
TATOOSH — Passed in 'Dec 16 — Stmr Uma
tllla, hence Dec 16. for Victoria and Puget
' Sound.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr F A Kil
burn. hence Dec 17.
RaUed Dec IS — Stmr Ran Pedro, for San
Franciaco; Etmr Manila lay. for San Francisco;
■tmr Corona, for San Francisco: etmr Alliance,
for Coos Bay and Portland: stmr F A Kilburn
for Coos Bay and Portland
FORT BRAOG — Sailed Dec IS — Stmr Ja«;s
HiKginn. for Ban Francisco - 4
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 18. taldnight
— fitmr Bonita, for San Pedro and way ports
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr
State of California from San Diego • -
Sailed Dec IS— Stmr State of Call fomU. for
San Francisco. • ,
MONTEREY — Sailed Dec 17—^ Stmr Rose
crane, for Portland." • .
PORT BLAKELKT— Sailfrf Dec 18 — Schr
Henry K ■ Hall, f«r • Valparaiso; Ital bark
Italia for Australia. •
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Dec 18— Bctor
Henry K Hall. -from Port Blakeley. for Val
paraiso.
BAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 18— Schr Mawee- i
ma. from Everett. *~
ISLAND PORTS. i
HONOLULU — SailedDec 17— Stmr IwUnl, for !
Midway. ■ ■■'. '
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW TORK — Arrived Dec 18 — Stmr Bran
oenburg. from Bremen: »tmr St raul. from
Southampton and Cherbourg; stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool and Queenstown; etmr Roma,
from Mareeilles and Naples.
'Failed Dee 1« — Stmr Aatoria. for Moville and
Glasgow; stmr Belgravia. for Hamburg; atmr
Hawallian. for San Diego. San Francisco. Se
cttle' an«l '.Tvomi. • . -~
LIVERPOOL— Arriretf Dec 17 — Stmr Etru-
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 18—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date
last season and rainfall In last twenty- four
hours:
Last l This Last
Stations — 24 hours. season, season.
Eureka O.flO 11.57 16. 6T
Red Bluff 0.00 11.61 11.53
Sacramento O.00 7.90 4.44
San Francisco 0.00 ».0<> 5.96
Fresno 0.00 5.07 0.80
Independence ...._;_. 0.00 0.45 0.42
Ban Luis USlspo 0.00 4.73 0.82
Los Angeles 0.00 1.43 0.43
San Diego 0.00 0.23 0.42
j *J£i THE COABT RECORD.
B R K O 2 1
5 —*2 H5 »5 *» .;3
1 iisf;* »: 1
STAT1ONB. | gggg gf F |
£ : S I : ! F
* ■ a * *
2 akw 30.46 40 28 W Clear 0.00
Ca^on 30.44 54 12 E Clear 0.00
Eureka 30.22 54 40 N Pt.Cldy 0.00
Fresno 30.32 44 30 S Cloudy 0.00
SE. Farallon.S0.26 60 51 NE Clear 0.00
FUgataff 80.34 SO 12 \V Clear 0.00
Pocatello 30.48 44 :W E Clear . 0.00
Los Angeles.. SO. 12 84 52 W Clear 0.00
Mt Tamalpals.30.28 66 48 N Clear 0.00
North Head.. 30. 2S 52 48' S Cloudy .01
Phoenix 30.16 7*-» 38 NE Clear 0.C0
Pt. Reyes Lt.30.2O Btt '49 XE Clear 0.00
Portland 30.26 54 48 X\V Cloudy' .04
Red Bluff 30.32 .%0' 36 SE Cloudy 0.00
Roseburg 30.34 52 44 SW Pt.Cldy .01
Sacramento .30.34 42 SS SE Cloudy 0.00
Salt Lake ...3».46 4S .. XW Clear 0.00
San Francisco.30.30 48 44 .NW Clear 0.00
S. L. Oblspo.30.14 78 38 NE Clear ' 0.00
San Diego. ..30. OS 74 56 W Clear 0.00
Seattle 30.22 54 42 S Cloudy .01
Spokane 20.32 :'.6 28 E Cloudy .01
(Tatoosh 30.0s 52 42 S Rain .66
;,Wella Walla.30.24 St> 44 S Clear 0.00
Winnemucca .30.50 50 IS NE Clear 0.00
Yuma 30.14 72 4S N Clear 0.00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
.;" . FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather ifrevails over the
northern portion of the Pacific Slope, and foggy
weather in the great valley of California; else
where west of the Rocky Mountains It is
clear. Light rain has fallen in the Puret
Sound country. .
Cold weather prevails in" Northern California,
and abnormally warm weather along the coast
from San Luis Oblspo southward.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 'thirty
hours ending midnight December 19:
I California north of Tehachapi — Fair Monday;
with fog in the valleys; light north wind.
California south of Tehachapi— Fair Monday;
light northeast wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
light north wind. » ■ / ■ *
Loe Ar.geles and vicinity — Fair Monday:
light northeast wind. •
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Monday, with
fog.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair Monday, with fog.
G. H. WILLSOX. Local Forecaster.
ria. from Xew York; stmr Sylvania. from Bos.
ton, via Queensttown.
QUEENSTOWX— Palled Dec 18— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York.
Memoranda.
Per brig Tanner, from Port Angeles Dec 18—
Dec 6 and 7. off Cape Flatter, had a succes
sion of SE gales; carried away two staysails
and Jib: vessel leaking badly; windmill carried
away; vessel had five feet of water in hold;
when off Flattery. SB rales raging, crew re
queeted captain to put back to port, this he
refused to do. continuing on to San Francisco.
GARDINER. Dec IT «via Marsfrfleid. Dec 18 —
— Schr Lucy, previously reported ashore here,
slipped- her anchor Saturday morning and
sailed over the south spit, across main chan
nel onto in.«lde point of north spit, where she
now lies; will get off to-morrow, Dec 18; ves
sel makes no water; is eafe and sound, except
a damaged rudder.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. ) Due.
Empire Coos Bay ....& IDec. 19
Meteor Seattle [Dec. 19
Elizabeth i Coqui'.le River ...Dec. 19
Redondo Portland & Astoria 'Dec. 10
Chlco Coquille River jDec. 19
Ean Pedro Humboldt iDec. 19
8. Monica Grays • Harbor \Uec. la
Centralla i Grays Harbor |Dec. 19
Corona Humboldt -....-Dec IB
State of Cal.. I Ean Diego & Way Pts. I Dec." 19
Chehalis ' Grays Harbor Dec. 20
Columbia \ Portland & Astoria Dee. 20
Porno I Point Arena & Albion. (Dec. 20
S. Barbara . . -I San Pedro IDec. 21
Aurelta Portland & Astoria !Dec. 21
Norwood Seattle 1 Dec. 22
Eureka Humboldt IDec. 22
Pomona Humboldt '...". Dec. 22
Breakwater..- Coos Bay | Dec. 22
Santa Rosa.. Ban Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 22
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Deo. 22
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports Dec. 23
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 22
Neko Hamburg & Way Pts.. Dec. 23
San Jose J New York via Ancon..|Dec. 23
North Fork. .■• I Humboldt IDec. 23
Mariposa ! TahlU iDec. 23
Argo ! Eel River Ports iDec. 2+
Arcata Coos Bay '. . . IDec. 24
Homer j Grays- Harbor JDee. 2*
Q. W. Elder. -Portland & Astoria .... | Dec. 25
G. LJndauer. .1 Grays Harbor IDec. 2.1
Anubis H"amburg & Way PortslDec. 25
Newburg Grays Harbor IDec. 26
Curacao Mexican Ports iDec. 27
Alameda Honolulu Dec 27
Umatllla Puget Sound Porte.... .'Dec. 27
City Para.... New York, via Ancun. .|Dec. 28
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
December 19.. |
Vanguard.. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 27
J. Hlgglns.. Los Angeles Ports.. 11 am Pier 2
S.Monica... Los Angeles' Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth... Coquille . River .... 5 pm Pier 20
Breakwater. Cooe Bay direct... 6 pm Pier 8
Argo Eel River. Ports... 4 pmlPler 2
Arcata. Coos Bay direct .. 4 pm;Pler 13
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pmjPler 10
Czarina Coos Bay direct.;.. 5 pm'Pler 8
Eureka Humboldt . 12 m Pier 13
Centralla... • Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
1 December 20. | |
Chehalis.... Los Angeles Porta.| 4 pmiPler 2
Redondo I Portland. & Way.. 5 pm|Pier 2
December 31. i
S. Barbara. .! Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt ...'.. 1:30 p' Pier 9
Queen j Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coo* Bay... J San Pedro at Way. 9 am Pier 11
Arctic | Humbolfit '..•....... » am' Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 2 pmiPler 2
. i December 23. | |
Porno ! Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPler 2
State of Cal. San -Diego & Way. 9 amjpier 11
Ventura I Sydney & Way Pts 2 pmjPler 7
. j December 23. (
Columbia... , Astoria & Portiandill amIPIer 24
Sequoia Willapa Harbor. ..I 4 pmlPier 20
December 24. | |
Point Arena. Point Arena ...... 4 pm|Pler 2
City Peking- China & Japan 12 m Pier 40
Aurelia Astoria <& Portland, ; 4 pm Pier 27
• ■ ' December 26. I |
Bonita Newport 6c Way.. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla. Puget Sound PorU. 11 am Pier 9
; December 28. | f
Mongolia... China .and Japan ..I 1 pm] Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE. . . .. .
Steamer. Destination. Sail*.
Jeffrrson...... Skagway'ft Way Ports. Dec. 19
Santa Ana. . ■ Scldpvla . &. Way , Ports.Uan. 1
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States ■ Coast ' and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort .Point. ■ entrance ' to San Francisco
, Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. " '.-
JfOTE — The high and low occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later . than at J Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.'
- MONDAY. DECEMBER 19.
Sun riseg .".......*. ..:V..\. '...... . 7:20 a, m.
Sun eet* ;....:.. ..;./.. .......4:53 p. m.
Moon rises >, ....:..*..:.. . . . . . . . .3:58 a. m.
0 ' jTltnel ■: '* ITimel •• * y Time Time
*- 1 [TUJ -J Ft. Ft. Ft.
19 I 2:09! . 2.« «:S7UB.5! 3:27 0.2110:22 4.0
20 j 2:52L 2.7 9:121 . 5.7 '4:00 —0.3 11:09 ' 4.0
21 I 3:37f 2.7 9:481* 5« .4:46 —0.6 11:52 : 4.4
22 I 4:21 2.8 10:25! '6.9 5:27 —0.8 ..........
' 1H W|» ■,. Ik J\1v H:W '■- L..W- -
23 I 0:371 4.5|6iO5| 2.9111:051 ,5.8 6:08 —O.t
• I»OTE^-ln the. above exposition 'of the", tides
the early J morning i tides : are. 1 given -In > the •. left
hand .column ■ and . the : successive ; tides'- of; the
day in the order of occurrence "aa to time; the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL- MONDAY; DECEMBER 19. 1904e
"BILLIONAIRE"
IS PLEASING
Possibilities of Fun Are
Xot Fully Developed, but
There Is Enough to Cheer
ORPHEUM BILL CLEVER
Variety Adds to Interest
and Audience Is Pleased.
California Draws Crowds
Harry B. Smith has done better things
and worse — not seriously worse — than
the book of "The Billionaire," which
made its first appearance . here last
night at the Columbia Theater. "The
Billionaire" is programmed as a "mu
sical farce," with Gus Kerker at- the
music. The title is ambitious. The
piece has not plot enough for farce, nor
music enough to be musical. The cen
tral idea, however, is quite funny,
though developed only slightly com
pared with its possibilities. There is a
billionaire as chief character, and his
attempts to spend some of the un
earned increment buying steamship
lines, theaters and such like trifles fur
nishes such story as there is. However,
the billionaire has only a comparatively
modest share of the interest. A man
aging American mamma, with a pen
chant- for French malapropisms, her
two rebellious daughters and- an unim
portant son and spouse take up much
time. There is also a waiter with a
plumful part, and a Hungarian Count
and a soubrette who figure largely in
the cast.
The feature of the piece is the setting
of the last act, the stage and audito
rium, with upper boxes and all the ap
pointments of a handsome theater. The
stage within the stage is cleverly used
for the specialties introduced, and the
novelty will doubtless attract many to
the performance. Audiences, the woman
with the large hat— extinct here, hap
pily—the matinee matron, the matinee
man, the gentleman that amuses him
self falling over his neighbor's feet, and
so on, furnish some good fun here. The
stage burlesques are not startling.
Possibly in Jerome Sykes' hands the
billionaire. John Doe, was funnier than
Thomas Q. Seabrooke makes him. Mr.
Seabrooke's farce is of a particularly
mild brew. He seems rather to be say
ing that he could be funny if he wanted
to, but that he Intends to 'wait until to
morrow. You haven't Quite shown him
why he should, and he won't. He has
all the air, too, of the taken-for-grant
ed comedian, and you somehow feel the
situation is your fault. Occasionally,
however, Mr. Seabrooke seems to for
get, and you get a taste of something
approaching fun. His songs are very
Clearly sung, and the one, "The Little
Street in Heaven They Ce.Il Broadway,"
was warmly welcomed, i
Of the other men Harry Macdonough
gives an amusing sketch of the waiter,
Baptlste. and Walter Percival is a
splendiferous gold-lace Hungarian as
Lieutenant Ladislas. He also owns a
voice and sings rather nicely.
Josle Intropidi as the managing mam
ma, in cerise locks and; canned com
plexion, is a very lively person. She
certainly does her best to; fill the Marie
Cahill part and succeeds In being spas
modically amusing. Of the daughters
Miss Helen Dexter shows an unusually
pretty voice— a pure, clear, high so
prano. She has apparently, only just
discovered it. for it la used only in
amateurish fashion. Diamond Donner
is a pretty and attractive soubrette and
dances delightfully. Shf also has a
pretty voice, and shoulc take serious
note of the fact. (
The rest of the cast Jjlls in strenu
ously, and a large, well-flrilled and co
quettish chorus is no j*mall part of
"The Billionaire's" make-up. The piece
goes only for the week.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.:
• * * .
Rose Melville, in "Sis Hopkins," b«
gan her second week at ; the California
last night to the usual large house. Just
before the curtain went up Louis Mor
rell. who plays the heavy, was taken
suddenly ill. and the part was played
by Herbert Farjeon, the Capable young
stage manager of the Alcazar stock.
Considering the fact that Mr. Farjeon
had no chance to rehearse and was
compelled to read the part, he acquitted
himself exceptionally well. "Sis Hop
kins" will continue tnroughout the
week and it is expected that Mr. Mor
rell will be well enough to resume his
part to-night. VSfM
The Orpheum bill this week has
something on it that is biJund to please
everybody. One can thoroughly enjoy
the various numbers ranging from the
soprano's sweet notes to the marvelous
performances of a bunch 7 of cockatoos
and parrots. Aida Hemmi, the soprano,
easily won a high place with her clear,
sweet notes. She rendered a few favor
ite selections and the audience was
loth to see her leave the stage. Lucy
and Viate are a pair of dainty young
women who can do almost any kind of
a trick on a slack wire. Albertina Mel
ich and her performing parrots and
cockatoos came in for their share of the
applause/ This is an original act— one
that is both instructive and' amusing.
Alfred Farland. the great banjolst: the
Dillon Brothers, Ford Sisters and Herr
mann all had something welcome to of
fer and their efforts were, as usual, met
with merited applause.
As a special form of entertainment
for the Christmas holidays the Chutes
management has put on at the the
ater the Japanese musical extrava
ganza, "The Princess Fan-Tan." The
actors in the Japanese . fairy tale are
pupils of a local dancing school. A
large audience greeted their initial ap
pearance yesterday afternoon. .
There are over three hundred chil
dren 1n the bill and , all are graceful
and droll. The main features of the
entertainment are the Intricate and
beautifully costumed ballets and the
well known Song of the Cities, which
carried the house by storm.
, The play is in two acts and the in
termission, lasts forty-five minutes,
during which time the audience has
ample opportunity, to s visit the other
Chutes attractions. "The Princess Fan-
Tan'* will run until after New Tear's
with matinee and night performances
every, day. I
DIVERS TO SEEK BODIES
; OF GLEN ISLAND VICTIMS
NEW YORK. Dec. 18.— The wreck
of the ill-fated Glen .Island. /with only
the smokestack visible, was found to%
day near' Hempstead Harbor, L. I.
The general manager of the Starln
transportation . line has sent = divers to
the wreck and will : spare no" effort to
find the bodies of the seven members
of the crew " and .two ; passengers who
perished in the burning steamer. -
fourth time column rive* the last tide of th«
day, except when there are • but three . tides, as
noinrtlmea occurs. , The heights : riven are in
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coaat Survey Chart*, except when a minus ( )
sign precede* the height. '.and. then the number
given is , subtracted ■ from i the . depth ■: given ,by
the charts. ' Th« ; plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. --.".'-
DISASTER ENDS
A NIGHT RIDE
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 18.— A serious
accident which resulted in broken
bones and may cost the county "con
siderable money in payment of dam
ages happened to a party of young
people from New York while driving
to Downey Saturday evening to attend
a ball. The west section of the Wash
burn bridge across New River col
lapsed as they were crossing it, pre
cipitating the horses and carriage with
its occupants into the river bed. iv' 1 -'
The timbers pinned the rig to the
ground and Miss Carrie Sproul was
caught under the debris.-*". Her right
leg was broken in two places. The
rest of the party escaped injury,
though all suffered from shock and
fright.
POWERS GIVE ATTENTION
i;/ , TO TROUBLES IN BALKANS
Warfare Continues in Macedonia Be
tween the Bands of Bulgarians
*"»:. and Greeks.
LONDON, Dec. 19.— -There is reason
to believe, according to the corre-.
spondent at Sofia of the Times, that
the marked aggravation in the situa
tion in Macedonia is seriously occupy^
ing the attention of the powers. The
warfare between Bulgarian and Greek
bands, the correspondent reports, con
tinues and there have been several
fights recently, while the Porte has
done nothing: in the* direction of the
repatriation of, Bulgarian refugees in
the Adrianople vilayet/ , < •
CONST A'NTINOBL.E. Dec. 18. — The
Porte has replied to notes from
Austria and Russia that its objection
to the suggested Increase in the num
ber of foreign officers in the Macedo
nian gendarmerie ' is on the ground
that it would disturb the native popu
lations. .
SWISS HEIRESS RETURNS
HOME FROM ZION CITY
LONDON, Dec. 19.— "Mrs. Glad
stone Dowie (nee Ruth Hofer) has ;e
turned to her home on the shores of
Lake Constance," the Geneva corre
spondent of the Daily Mail reports.
"After a . five •months' stay in Zion
City she discovered that it was her
money and not herself that Gladstone
Dowie was in love with. Neglect and
continual hypocrisy opened her eyes
to the true state of affairs and Dowie'a
posing as the restored" Elijah was the
last straw. She determined' to quit
Zion City at all costs. The Dowies ac
iirst firmly refused to let her go, but
she threatened to run away. Her
mother sent her money, and disil
lusioned, broken in health and spirit
she arrived at her old home."
OLYMPIC HANDBALL MEN
, IN EXCITING STRUGGLES
- Interest In the handball tournament
now on at the Olympic Club grows
more intense each day and the soft
ball court is too small to accommo
date the spectators anxious to watch
the various matches. There was a big
crowd at the club yesterday and the
players did their best to win. W. J.
Kennedy defaulted to Fritz C. Weg%
ener. L. N. Baudoin was too strong
for J. Ryan and beat him two straight
games, scores 21-6, 21-19. XKV"
H)J C. Carr had a hard .time, taking Ar«
Pthur Poheim's measure. • The latter
'played erratically at times and- Carr
did the scoring.. Carr captured the
first game by 21-19 and the second
' game belonged to either j man.' Po*
•helm missed an easy one : and . Can
, went in and won out by hard tossing
by a score of 21-20. R. H. Postel
waite played In rare form and lowered
the colors of his rival, J. W; Ginno.
I Scores 21-6, 21-13. T. S. Stealey de
feated H. Meyer in two fast games.'
I Scores 21-17. % 21-10. Al Hampton,
coast champio'n, refereed the games
land Mr. Miller scored.
An exhibition game of doubles wa&
played by Al Hampton, with Garnet
Ferguson for a partner, and Louis
Levy, with Stanley Fay for a partner.
Levy and Fay won the first two games
and then Hampton and Ferguson
pulled themselves together and gave
a brilliant exhibition, winning the next
two games. .The final game was full
of wonderful playing. The quartet
was tired, but played hard to win.
Hampton and Ferguson captured the
final game by one point. Scores:
Hampton and Ferguson 14 16 21 21 21
Levy and Fay 21 21 10 15 20
To-night George James and Louis
Levy will meet in the first class. Hugo
Poheim and Dr. G. N. Converse have
been advanced to the first class and will
play next Friday night.
Guilty <of Manslaughter.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 18.— J. Solani,
v who killed J. Ouldotti at Glen Ellen
some weeks ago during a quarrel over
a dice game, was found guilty of man^
slaughter by a Jury here to-day.
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
T
Now It's Cold, Why
Don't You Buy \a
GAS
HEATER
■ - , ■ ■ ■■
warm the
room cheaply
and quickly.
For Sale by ■
THE:
PAQ
a_/ #*■ gj
COMPANY
415 POST
WILL INSPECT
STATE PRISONS
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 18.— R. W. Mc-
Laughry, warden of the United States
Military Prison at Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas, who, by invitation of the Gov
ernor and Prison Directors of this
State, comes to inspect the penal Insti
tutions of California," arrived here to
day and : to-night went to Folsom
prison. McLoughry is regarded as one
of the most experienced students of
penology in thi£ country, a reputation
he has earned after many years of
work in various positions, such as chief
of police at the Chicago Exposition,
superintendent of the Huntington Re
formatory School of Pennsylvania and
warden of Joliet Prison. " ■
During his stay in California Mc-
Laughry will spend the, greater part of
his time within the State prisons, mak
ing a careful study of the conditions
existing at the Polsom and San Quen
tin penal institutions, ' with a; view to
giving to the wardens and the Prison
Directors the benefit of his advice and
Judgment as to needed reforms. , : That
many changes are needed is an opin
ion that is shared by "all the director*
and the wardens.
McLaughry expects to remain at Fol
sora several days and will then go to
San Quentln. Aftei- thoroughly lic
quainttng himself with the affairs of
both places and attending meetings of
the Prison Directors he will settle down
to a close study of the opportunities for
reforms, and when his final conclusions
are arrived at his views will be incor
porated in a report to the Governor.
NOMINATE OFFICERS v
FOR UNION* LEAGUE
Regular Ticket for the Ensuing Year
Is Presented by the
Committee. ,
The nominating- committee of. the
Union League Club, W. C. Van Fleet
chairman and Arthur W. Spear secre
tary, nominates the following regular"
ticket of officers for the ensuingyear:
President, George H. Pippy; first vice/
president, S. J. Hendy; second vice
president, H. G. W. Dinkelspiel; treas
urer, I. W. Hellman Jr.; secretary, J.
H. P'uller; directors— C. H. Garoutte,
A. E. Castle. George Stone,- N. D.
Hideout, H. D. Loveland and John
Rothchild.
All the nominees on the ticket
other than Stone. Rideout and Love-'
land * are .members of the existing
board. The annual election will take
place early in January. There are no
indications of an opposition ticket.-
MOROCCANS HOSTILE
TO THE EUROPEANS
Sultan ! to Dismiss Foreign Officers'
From Ills Court, Including
the French*' ■• ' • .'
LONDON, Dec. 19.— The corre
spondent at Tangier of the Times,
with reference j to the fact that the
French mission to Fez was compelled
to travel by sea by. way of Larach*
instead of t direct overland, owing j to
the hostility of the tribes, -remarks
that there is a strong anti-European
feeling in Morocco and declares that
Maghzen is more than secretly hostile
and that the tribes are openly so\to
any European interference with theii
affairs., *. ■'-■ '■'■ , ; . .,/ , : '■ ;.. . ' .-■■
The • correspondent learns- that the
Sultan Is officially notifying the le
gations of his intention to, dismiss all
foreign officers attached to. the Moor
ish" court and" army, , Including ,the
French military' mission,- the Italian
officers employed at the Fez arsenal,
Sir Harry MacLean and other brother
officers.. ! ......,*
ELABORATE CEREMONY
HELD IX ST. PETERS
Pope Pius ; Venerates ' the Blessed
Bnfalo While Thousands Crowd
Basilica.
ROME, Dec. 18.— St. Peters was
especially decorated for the formal an*
nouncement this morning of the
beatification of Gaspare del Bufalo,
fotfnder of the congregation of the
Precious . Blood and canon of San
Marco under Pius VIII.
This afternoon Pope Pius X, accom
panied by the Cardinals of the court
and' all the Bishops and dignitaries
of the church at present in Rome,
went to" venerate the Blessed Bufalo.
Over 30,000 persons crowded the
basilica.
CONGRESSMAN'S DAUGHTER
CAUGHT -■''SHOPLIFTING
Taken to Jail In 'Milwaukee, but the
Case Will Not Be
Prosecuted.
MILWAUKEE. Dec. 18. — The
daughter of a Congressman from the
interior of the State and a well-known
Milwaukee girl were caught
yesterday in trie act of shoplifting, at
a Milwaukee department store, it is
said, and were escorted to the police
station by Detective Mauger. After
being detained at the station for sev
eral s hours \the girls on account of
their prominence were released, the
proprietors of the store refusing to
prosecute them. , /
LONDON EXCHANGE UNDER ; ;'
AMERICAN INFLUENCE
Business Restricted, but No Great
Alarm Felt Over Developments'
'-■■: -~ ■■■'■ ;.• .';- in Wall Street.
LONDON, Dec. 18.— The Stock Ex
change last week was again mainly
under the influence of the American
niarket, and considering the violent
fluctuations in* the latter the absence
of serious trouble was regarded as de
cidedly satisfactory. Business was
very much J restricted, but there was
less uneasiness felt as to probable de
velopments In Wall street than might
have been expected; and .prices all
around were better^arid steadier.
Army and Navy. Orders.
WASHINGTON, Dec/l8.— By order of
the War Department Private . Joseph
M. Morgan of the Sixty-seventh Coast
Artillery at the Presidio, '.San Francis
co, "will be discharged without honor
from the;army by the commanding 6f
llcer of 'his station on account of hav
ing become disqualified for service
through' ! : his own 1 misconduct. First
class Sergeant Charles H. Campbell of
the Signal Corps at Benicia "Barracks
is transferred to Fort , Assinniboine,
Montana. Private George A. Wilson,
Company^ M, Tenth Infantry, now in
confinement at h the Infantry canton
ment • at* the Presidio, . San Francisco,
will be discharged j without honor, from
the army by, the commanding officer by
reason of desertion. Sergeant Ruel H:
Murch ": of the '; Signal ; Corps, Cooleys
Ranch; Arizona, is transferred to Be
nicia Barracks, ;; and : allowed to stop
twenty days, en route. ;Flrst Lieutenant
William } H." Patterson " is /transferred
from '• the J Twenty-flf th ; to the : Twenty
fourth • Infantry, and - First 1 Lieutenant
Alexander H. Hall from the. Twenty
fourth ; to i the' Twenty-eighth ,by.f their,
request. . ; Lieutenant "Hall is ; ordered ' to
join his . regiment. ■ ?MK&£tt&8StfX£!K§&l
'i ■ The i Bureau V of Navigations-orders
Acting H.".Larsfleld.ttcr. the
Asia tic station,'; sailing from ; San Fran
ciscojabout'January 1.
NEGRO COLONY
IN THIS STATE
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 18.— A move
ment is oh foot to start a negro. colony
in San. Bernardino County. In fact,
the project is now well under way, sev
eral negroes already having homestead
ed land in that county in the township
of Victorville. Bishop, Abraham Grant
of the African Methodist j Episcopal
church, "who has been here for several
days,i was called on by a committee of
the projectors and gave the enterprise
his , approval.- Five of the committee
that awaited on him have taken up 160
acres each.' . In discussing the matter
to-night Bishop Grant said:
"I am heartily In favor of a plan to
encourage thrifty and industrious peo
ple from the Southern States to settle
in Southern California. Many of the
best colored people of the South will
leave if , conditions continue as they
have for the last four or five years- It
is,my purpose to place them where they
can , best earn a livelihood, educate
their children, enjoy their franchise
and when they are so unfortunate as
to have to go before the courts they
will feel that justice will be meted out
to them."
POLICEMAN HAS NARROW*
ESCAPE FROM BEING SHOT
. Policeman Hyland had a narrow es
cape last night from becoming the
victim* of a revolver in the hands of
Foten Jaco, an Italian, living at 169
De Haro street, j Jaco is now in prison
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon.
Jaco and Peter Vellalgo were beat
ing William Dore of 25-Dore street at
Seventh and fitannan streets when
the patrolmen interfered. Hyland
caught hold "Of Jaco and was about
to place him. under arrest. Jaco drew
a revolver and placed it against the
patrolman's "breast , and pulled the
trigger. ... Fortunately the cartridge
proved defective and before. Jaco had
a chance to pull the ".trigger again the
policeman disarmed him. Vellaigo
was charged with battery. '
WOULD PROBE CLAIMS
OF MONK OF L.LANTHONY
Kev. Tin nuns B.' Gregory Says Father
Ignatius' Miracles Should Be
Jnvewtljcated.
■ NEW YORK, Dec. IS.— Rev. Thomas
B. Gregory said to-day:
'"In the accounts now; arriving daily
from London of the remarkable Dower
of Father Ignatius, founder of the
Episcopal Monastery of Llanthony, I
am free to .confess that I am much in
terested. In this day and age it is quite
unusual to ,find the type of man we
seem to have in the monk of Llanthonr.
and if what Father Ignatius says is to
be believed, then the age of miracles is
not past, and the 'supernatural' is still
a tremendous reality in the world.
"There ought to' be some way of flnd
: out whether the monk of Llanthonv
... truthful. The matter of which he
speaks is one of thrilling .interest and
paramount importance, and a commit
tee of . intelligent, honest men should
at once be sent to the, region round
about the Abbey of LJianthony to make
a thorough investigation." /-{K
MASKED MEX BLOW UP
. PIPE LIXE IX KAXSAS
Take Action VAgalnst Gas Company
" '""Which* Is by Many
v V/Ilesldents.
COFFEYVILLE, Kas., Dec. 18. —
Between Liberty and the Verdigris
River more than a mile of the par
tially'completed pipe line. of the Kan
sas.Xatural Gas Company was blown
up with dynamite by masked men
some time during the night. The pipe
was broken and great holes torn in
the right of . way. The perpetrators
are unknown. Beside being masked
they were otherwise disguised. The
officials of the company have as yet
taken no steps to investigate.
'The act is openly approved by many
of the residents here. The explosions
are the result of a fight that has been
waged for some time against the pipe
line company, which is a foreign cor
poration, by the farmers, of this sec
tion, who' resent the piping of the tfas
to Missouri.
NANCE O'NEIL SCORES
THE XEW YORK CRITICS
Also Takes Fling at Audiences and
Says She Will Yet Be Acclaimed
on Broadway.
BOSTON, Dec. 18. — Literary Boston
Is simply chuckling with glee to-day,
as Nance O'Xeil has come out with a
newspaper statement in which she
gives the New York dramatic critics
a terrific - excoriation. She says that
she. "will triumph in New York in
spite of the critics." and adds:
"It is truly much to : please an in
telligent New York audience, but by
'intelligent audience' I do not mean
the first-night crowd of wine agents,
bookmakers and divorcees. My mall
ia packed with New Yorkers' letters
telling me not to heed the New York
critics. I shall yet be acclaimed on
Broadway."
Funeral of Mrs. Clark.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 18. — The fun
eral of the late Mrs. Mary Andrews
Clark, mother of United States.Sena
tor William A. Clark and J. Ross
Clark,, who died in this city Saturday
night, after a brief illness, will take
place on next Tuesday afternoon. Six
grandsons will bear the remains to
their last resting place.
_■ ': ' ADVERTISEMENTS. _:
IIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIinillllHIIIIIIIII
I AUCTION SALE! [
I 200 Vehicles of All Kinds f
j| The -balance of carriages and vehicles damaged by fire . _j
a at O'BRIEN'S CARRIAGE FACTORY, corner Golden Gate m
H avenue and Polk; street, will be offered at public auction *|
■ Thursday, becember aa, at ii a. m. a
g '■ . This;is a compulsory sale not of cheap work, but of the ■
■ r best makes ; of stylish '.vehicles, which will have to be sold ir- a
g respective of. cost, without reserve or limit, in order to enable a
q ; us to "make room to put an extra story on the building and re- Q
g construct our basement floor. p a
H Chance of a lifetime to buy nine passenger brakes, coun- §
g ,try .club wagons, high-grade Surreys, Toomey Bike Carts. - ■
9 >Ball-bearing Buggies, O'Brien patent spring business wagons, §
■ >a number of children's pony vehicles, a lot of light express a
I and delivery wagons, finished and unfinished, whips, robes, |j
g . etc., etc., etc. " * H_Jj|j h
g O'BRIEN OLSONS, john j doyle 1
■ . Golden Gate Ave. and Polk St. Auctioneer, n
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ ■
MAN AND WIFE
BOLD BURGLARS
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Dec. 18.— Fred
Roemer. and his .wife, formerly consid
ered respectable people, were caught in
the act of burglarizing J. I. Gardner's
store this morning at 4 o'clock. Gard
ner had been missing goods from his
store for years, as had other business
houses. Gardner and one of his em
ployes have been sleeping in the store
for two weeks in the hope of capturing
the marauders, and their efforts were
rewarded this morning.
Roemer and his wife drove in a small
spring wagon Into the alley at the rear
of the store. The former opened the
door with a skeleton key, entered and
commenced carrying the goods outside,
while Mrs. Roemer remained on guard
in the alley. Gardner and his com
panion waited until the wagon was
about loaded, when • they surprised
Roemer and took the couple Into ens
tody and escorted them with the goods
to the County Jail.
The Roemers reside about half a mile
north of town, and this morning of
ficers made an investigation of the
premises and discovered a miscella
neous assortment of articles, aggregat
ing seven drayloads. Including a piano.
a large amount of heavy furniture, bar.
rels of beer, dry goods, groceries, cloth
ing, doors, harness, tools, thousands of
cigars, drugs, cases of shoes and boots
and samples of nearly every article
that can be mentioned. Some articles
were identified as having been stolen
two years ago. The couple hare six
children. ./. »
INCREASED PROTECTION
FOR BOAT PASSENGERS
Changes Made In the Requirements of
Boats and Life Preservers
on Vessels.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 13.— A number
of important changes in the rules and
regulations of the Board of SuDervisins
Inspectors of the Steamboat Inspection
Service have been approved by Secre
tary Metcalf of the Department of
Commerce and Labor. These changes
are the result of recent protracted
meetings of the Board of SuDervisinc:
Inspectors of the servcie. which fol
lowed soon after the General Slocum
disaster at New York, in which a thou
sand lives were lost.
The changes require that metal air
tanks in wooden lifeboats be provided:
prohibit the use of loose or compressed
granulated cork in the manufacture of
life rafts or life-preservers, or' the use
of kapok life-preservers. Life-pre
servers must be suspended on wooden
slats or cotton cords, and not on wire,
and at a height of not more than seven
feet from the deck, and there must b?
one life-preserver for every passenser
and member of the crew on all vessels.
All passenger steamers must be pro
vided with Ore buckets, barrels and
axes. Instead of on Inland steamers
only, as before.
ONE BOY KILLED AND TWO
INJURED WHILE HUNTING
Gun Accidentally Discharged With
Fatal Effect as Lads Descend
Mountain.
MISSOULA. Mont.. Dec. 18.— Carl
Brooks, aged 9 years, was shot and in
stantly killed and Howard Brooks, his
brother, aged 16, and 'Arthur Chan
dler, aged 16, were slightly Injured
by the same discharge of a shotgun
while put hunting this afternoon on
Rattlesnake Creek, two miles north
of Missoula.
Five boys were in the party and
while coming down the mountain in
single file, Claude Chandler, aged 13.
and a 7-year-old boy of the Brooks
family followed In the rear, carrying
the guns. One of the boys slipped
and a shotgun loaded with buckshot
struck the ground and was discharged,
sending the bulk of the load into the
head of Carl Brooks, who was immedi
ately In front of them. One shot
struck Howard Brooks and another
Arthur Chandler.
SAYS CONGO CONDITION'S
ARE NOT AS REPRESENTED
Mrs. Sheldon Asserts That Kins Leo
pold lias Sanctioned No Cruelty
in Africa.
LONDON. Dec. 18. — Mrs. M. French
Sheldon; the African explorer and
author, who has just returned from a
tour of the Congo Free State, says*
that her assertion that she had wit
nessed more atrocities in the London
streets than she has seen in the Congo
applies to the rubber country as well
as to the rest of the State. • She trav
eled, she says, in every part of th«
country. Kins Leopold having ac
corded her complete freedon. and she
was convinced that the allegations of
maladministration were groundless
and that it was quite false to state
that King Leopold had sanctioned
cruelty.
Water Report ' Ready.
OAKLAND. Dec. 18.— The report of
the engineers who examined the Bay
Cities "Water Company's plant will not
be filed with the City Council to-mor
row night, as had been expected by
the Councilmen Thursday when they
fixed the rates of compensation. City
Engineer F. C. Turner, one of the
board, said to-day there was no like
lihood of the committee finishing the
report before the end of this week.
Bishop Phclan Near Death.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Dec. 18.— Late to
night the condition of Rlcht Rev. Rich
ard Phelan, Roman Catholic Blshoo
of Pittsburg. is very critical. He may
not live longer than a few hours.
56
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JTOH>* D. SPRECKELS . . . . .1 .Proprietor
▲DDnESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO.
JOHN McNAUGHT '.. .Manager
PCBUCATION OFTXCB THIRD AND MARKET 8TREST8. SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY i':"i . . . . . .DECEMBER lV. ,1804
EQUAL ACTIVITY, WITH LESS SENSATION.
LAST week was the antithesis of its immediate predecessor.
There were no new stock market sensations to startle the coun
try and in fact the week was practically uneventful.. During the
first two or three days the course of the New York stock market
monopolized the attention of the country, but when it was'; seen" that
the vast financial interests of the metropolis had united to support
the harried market and had said to the frenzied Boston, speculator,
"Thus far shalt thou go and no farther!" the financial pool quieted
down again and all business directly connected with the Wall-street
market resumed its normal condition.
With the combined support of the moneyed interests under its
foundations the stock list ceased to decline and quotations began to
recover, and during the last half of the week the course was upward.
Money continued easy, averaging about 3 per cent for call loans,
and the volume of trading on the Exchange steadily decreased. The
conservative interests, which after all control conditions when they
run to extremes, are not in favor of a market which records daily
sales of from 1, 500,000 to. 2,000.000 shares, and would rather, see
the record under than over 1,00,000 per day, as being healthier and
more normal. From now on, for the present at least, we shall prob
ably have a steadier market. The frenzied Bostonian may bceak out
of his cage again and run amuck, but if he does he will undoubtedly,
be called down with sufficient sternness. There are too many
A leading Xew York financier says of the recent stock panic:
"This break is not likely to have any deterrent effect upon legitimate
business. If it checks the rampant spirit of speculation that was rapid
ly developing it will prove a blessing in disguise. Our farmers will
be none the less prosperous because stocks have broken several points;
our manufacturers will produce and sell none the less, and there will
be no fall in wages or any decrease in the number of hands employed
ifi consequence. There are just as many mouths to feed and bodies to
shelter, and the many activities of our industrial and business life will
go on about as usual. A few schemes may be held in abeyance, espe
cially those which depend upon deluded public buying; but in the
main the latest Wall-street shakeup will have little effect upon gen
eral business. The situation is vastly different from the panic .of
1903. when our whole financial and industrial fabric was weakened
by the mass of indigestible industrials thrown upon an overtaxed
market.*' W£s& I
General trade continues exceptionally brisk for the closing
month of the year. The bank clearings still show a remarkable in
crease over last year, the gain for the week being 49.5 per cent, with
Cleveland the only city out of the first seventeen on the list to short*
a loss, and the aggregate clearings running away up to $3,175,000,000,
or 55 P er cent over the normal of S.»,goo,ooo,ooo. The gain at New
York was 74.2. per cent, at Pittsburg. the iron and steel center, 254
per cent: at Minneapolis, the Four center, 31 per cent, and so on.
These figures tell the story of the current expansion in general
business. The failures for the week were 276, against 329 last year.
The staples continue to exhibit excellent conditions. The iron
and steel industry is showing a steady improvement. The propor
tion of idle machinery is growing smaller and labor is fully employed
at maintained wages. Lumber and building operations are quieter,
but the restrictions come from cold weather rather than from any.
real decrease in building. But this same cold weather has stimu
lated the demand for winter goods all over the country and made
the hoiiriay trade .brisk. The only reports of>-inactivity are now
from the Pacific Coast, -which has not yet felt the wave of expansion
crossing the country from east to west. But_ there is_ no actual
dullness here. Our produce, as already mentioned, has about all
passed out of producers' hand?, and at fine prices, and during the
past week large orders for hay. barley, oats and flour have been
placed in San Francisco for Oriental account, supposedly for either
the Russians or Japanese. As for our crop conditions, they are
brilliant and could not well be otherwise, considering jthe ideal fall
we have had.
It will be difficult to find a year better than 1904, taking the
country on the whole. The first half, as already pointed out, was* quiet
and showed some recession, but the noteworthy activity of the last
half has more than offset the quietude of the spring and early sum
mer. With bumper crops of corn and cotton, enormous supplies
of money and an unusually large and widely distributed demand for
all sorts of merchandise, we shall probably pass put of 1904 and into
1905 with our commercial banners* waving merrily in the breeze of
prosperity.
SOME CENSUS RETURNS.
*"p*HE United States Census Bulletin which has just been issued
I deals, of-coursc, with facts rather than with speculative causes."
At the same time it is only by the patient study of accumulated
facts that any light can be thrown upon the mysterious laws which
govern population, and which become increasingly interesting and
increasingly important. The persisting excess of males over females
is. for example, very curious, an excess which is to be found in every
part of the world of which statistics are available, except Europe,
but which is greater in the United States than in any other country.
If such an excess were universal the problem would perhaps be less
perplexing, but that Europe should be the one known exception is
an added factor which provokes theory and investigation.
That the cities of the United States as well as those of Western
Europe should show a large preponderance of females is of course
<Jue to the" enlarged opportunities for the employment of women
which are now to be found in the centers of civilization, and the
same cause will accountior the preponderance of men in the country
districts. An obvious explanation is also to be found for the fact
that among the Chinese said to have been born in the United States
nearly three-fourths are males. The desire of the Celestial to avoid
the exclusion laws is, of course, an irresistible temptation to a false
return. That the death rate of males should be generally higher
than that of females may not seem to be remarkable in view. of
the fact that the great burdens and risks of life usually devolve
upon the man. But this by no means explains why this higher death
rate should apply to male children under three years of age, as is
the incontestable fact not only in the United States but also hi
Europe.
Even a census return is not without its delicate touch of humor.
A cold study of the figures seems to show that between the ages of
sixteen and twenty-five there are more women than men. This, how
ever, is due, according to the Census Bulletin, and for which we ac
cept no responsibility, to tbe greater number of women who claim
"erroneously" to belong to that age period.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
Owing to a cut In dividends John D. Rockefeller "will receive but. $14,
400,000 in Standard Oil profits this year.- ' It Is understood, however, "that he
has saved something from former dividends and will be able to get through
by economizing until times get better again.—- Washington Post.
Th« movement In Russia for constitutlonar government having once begun
will never end until It has triumphed. This Is the history of all, such agita
tions. To the revolutionists Is due th« credit for whatever may be achieved.
—Memphis Commercial A ppeal. -
London scientists pay that every man; sends forth 'rays of .color, which'indi
cale his condition and mood.. Therefore it may be supposed that when a man
is abouj. to paint the town red he begins by becoming an Indian.— Houston
Chronicle. \ , , v -
. It U not true that Uncle Joe . Cannon . has . declined . to ' be decorated with*
the. cross of the Legion of Honor' because^ he doubted' his ability to; say
"Saer-r-r-r-re bleu!" with proper emphasis.— Boston Globe. . .
Congress opened with "full houses," but it will, soon get down to^'paJrs."—
• ■ THE SA\ FRANXISGO. -GALU MONDAY. -DECEMBER.- 19. 1904.
Genuine Courtship Should FinD
Best Expression in Church Life
BY DOROTHY FENIMORE.
COVE is not to-day, a pagan god,
who comes to earth merely that
he may sport with human hearts,
although one might so infer from
the numerous metaphors taken from
mythology which are still In common
use. As suggested in an article pub
lished recently that affection between
man and maid which is the basis of
our family and social life *ls next ot
kin to the spiritual love which is rec
ognized as the greatest thing in the
world.
The attitude which a Rev. Dr. Wil
liams, ' who was quoted, took "on the
question was a wise one. To begin
with,, he gave an exact value to, the
terms he used. He drew a distinction
between flirtation and courtship, two
kinds of lovemaking which are. as dif
ferent from each other as gilt Is from
gold.
j Flirtation. is what a witty French
[ man defined it — "attention without In
tention," and it is nothing more. Like
; many another form of trifline', it has
j its place in bur scheme of tilings. '_ It
•serves as a. training ivnool of love,
i wherein girls learn graces that attract
men, and men learn accomplishments
j which overcome the feminine fancy.
Each gains a polish pi personality and
a nicety of judgment concerning the
other sex which it would be difficult
for either to acquire so well in any
other way., / -
Yet, using flirtation, in this sense,
which is certainly its correct meaning,
the church is not the proper place for
its cultivation. The drawing room or
the ballroom is decidedly more appro
priate. Flirtation is a, role which,
played upon the mimic stage, of life,
presupposes certain sta^e properties.
A suitable background is necessary —
palms, moonlight, stars shining softly
upon quiet waters; or the luxuries
which were bought by papa, an incon
spicuous personage in . the cast, but
nevertheless important. Good clothes,
the best that the players can afford,
is another essential; they form both
part of the background and of the ac
tor's makeup.
. But genuine courtship, or even that
sweet companionship between the sexes
wnlch implies itself merely, and the
interchange of gentle courtesies, ought
to find its best expression In church
life, ffo lo^e-making of this kind the
church offers a suitable trysting place.
In such surroundings a girl can make
new acquaintances more safely than in
any other place outside of her own
home, and can also become „ intimate
in a pleasant and profitable way with
friends whom she already has.' And
here, as well, a young man, coming to
a great city as a stranger, can meet
nice girls and good women, who will
keep his ideals of womanhood pure and
high. .'-■• ,, .
In order to fulfill ks mission a church
ought to be a second home to its mem
bers,' whether they are old or young.
Religion and life should be a combina
tion of noble motives and conscientious
practice for everyday use. And love is
MARKING WEDDING GFITS.
Among other of the good old-fash
ioned notions coming into vogue again
is one which concerns the marking of
wedding gifts of silver. Leading jewel
era of New York are now marking
solid-silver wedding presents with the
initials of the family name of^both
bride and groom, coupled by, the char
acter "&." In modern times it has
been the custom to mark such gifts
with the. initial of the bride's surname
only. Whether this was intended as
a special compliment to her, or
whether it was Intended to signify that
the gifts, both of her own and of the
bridegroom's family and friends, be
longed to her alone, is conjectural- In
some instances this custom has given
rise to discord, for in many cases the
bridegroom's friends felt that, as the
bride was to take his name, the -silver
gifts, being family property, obviously
should bear his initial, to indicate the
family name. However, the revival of
the former custom of utjlizing»the sur
name initials both of bride and groom
will obviate future difficulties, and,'In
cidentally, make the silver markings
more aristic. The sudden popularity
of the revival of this "old: fashion" is
therefore easily explained.— Leslie's
Weekly. ; ■ ■'■■'-.
SHIRTSTUD WATCH.
An English watchmaker has Just
finished making- a tiny watch in the
form of a shirt stud. Its dial is two-
DON'T BE GRAVE, BE GAY, AND DRIVE DULL CARE AWAY.
HE '.KNEW.
•'"' Edith/ (aged 6)— Say," papa; what'it
thy difference between a violinist and a
fiddler ?
;Papa— About -a hundred and fifty
dollars a week. ".:.- -: .
the ; larger .part of life, especially in
youth, ft is love which makes the boy
a man. If he loves happily the half -
defined ambitions of his boyhood work
out naturally into • plans for the home
he means to make ; for the girl of his
choice. Should he love unhappily, still,
if there s Is ,any manhood in him, love
will ripen his latent powers. And love
•t- ..'" .'.;•:" : — : — : • — !•'
iB responsible for womanly charm. De
sire of it makes a girl careful of her
appearance, considerate of others, and
possession of it -makes her willing to
assume a burden, never underrated to
her by her elders, which single life
would not involve.
"Love, home and children, these are
the heart words of life," says H. G.
Wells, turning from study of men of
Mars and the moon to that of a peo
ple and a planet nearer at hand. "The
toil of a man's daily life is rarely for
himself alone; . it goes to feed, to
clothe, -to- educate those cardinal con
sequences of his- being, his children.
Even more obviously is this the case
with his wife.' Even in rest and-recrea
tion life still manifests its quality. Tha
books the ordinary man reads turn
enormously on love-making, his theater
has scarcely -ever a play that has not
primarily a 'strong love interest, his
art rises to its most consummate tri
umph* In Venus and Madonna," and his
music la saturated in love suggestions."
*Love, it seems, is the pivotal princi
ple of our. civilization. Divorce it from
church influence's, and one takes aistep
toward divorcing, the church from 'the
intimate and personal side of -daily
life. • ' ;•; ■:'^-y
STORIES OF OLD DAYS.
You never hear good stories now—
The dear old-fashioned kind —
These modern tales don't seem, somehow.
To satisfy the mind.
I wish some one would' tell a few '._■
Like those we loved of old;
The ones we used to think were true —
The stories mother told!
WhenTwas just a little chap
As soon as it was night
I'd climb up into mother's lap
And she would hold mo tight
And tell of fairies,' giants, and
Of warriors brave and bold.
Never have talcs seemed half so grand
As those that mother told!
Tale after tale. she'd tell- : — and then.
When she- would say she'd done, ;"■
I'd always make, he"r start again
And tell another one, ■' ."<-*
Until at last.. all tired out.
My eye's would lose their hold
On wakefulness— I'd dream about
The tales- that mother told!
Then, by and by.' there'd come a knock.
And she'd let fat^r in.
And as she pointed at the clock . .
He'd give a sickly grin;
His business^ kept him late., he swore,
And he'd: explain and scold.
Till mothers tales looked pale before
The stories father' told:
• ■-. ■•■- —•-•,-,.;' — Cleveland Leader.
sirteenth3 of an Inch in diameter and
it is to be 'worn with two other studs.
By turning, the upper stud the watch
is wound,; white' by turning the lower
one the hands are adjusted.
)'V,WHY>I8£1T?.
I Hlx— There's" erne '.'thing strange about
these Arctic explorers.
D^^t'sithat? \ -,-■ '
Hlx— They. 1 are ■ all married : men.
THE RIGHTS
OF CHILDREN
"We must interpret the laws for
the protection of the young against
cruelty, oppression and Injustice," says
Henry Van Dyke. in Everybody's Maga
alne for December, "as evidence of the
world's growing sense of justice. Be
ginning; with the factory act of- 1833
and the mines and -collieries act of
1842 in -.England,; there has., been a
steadily increasing effort to diminish
and prevent the" degradation of the
race by the enslavement of childhood
to- labor. Even the parents' right of
control, says the modern world, must
be held in harmony : with the child's
right to life and growth, mental,
moral and physical. The law itself
must recognize the injustice of dealing
w-th young- delinquents as if they were
old and /hardened criminals. No more
herding : of children 10 and 12 years
old in ; the . jail! Juvenile
courts' and probation officers, asylums
and reformatories, an intelligent and
systematic" effort ; to reclaim the :young
life before it has fallen into hopeless
bondage to crime- — this is the spirit of
civilized legislation to-day. In 1903
no less than .ten of the American
State? enacted special statutes with
this end in view." •„.:.
PACE THAT KILLS.
In Xew . York and most of the large
centers of wealth there has been an
alarming increase of death from or
ganic heart trouble and Bright's dis
ease. . '. ■. ■ . .
This need not worry the comparative
ly poor. to any great extent, saya the
Bridgeport Post, for these are aristo
cratic 1 ailments. Bright's disease' comes
along with a rapid existence and late
hours and rich feeding and wineU.
In 1871 in New York City, the two
diseases mentioned killed 17.68 persons
out of every 10,000 of the population.
New York was a little slow thirty-three
years ago. It had only begun to learn
how to burn up money. The rich did
the best they knew how then, and were
willing to learn more.
The pace quickened, and so did the
death rate. You can't fool the Old Man
with . the Scythe. You cannot sneak
late hours and highballs and thousand
dollar dinners in on him. and so in 1SS3
the rfeaths had jumped to 2888 from
heart disease and Bright's disease, or
21.91 persons in every 10,000. In 1903 the
total deaths from the causes named
were -5947, and the number of persons
per 10,000, 27.20. ;;' : :/V
The remedy is sane living. That
doesn't mean that one can begin living
sanely after he has sowed wild oats for
a 1 quarter of a century. The crops put
in must be harvested. It means sane
living from childhood up. A look at the
vital statistics quoted ought to make
the average poor man who has robust
health fairly well satisfied with his
condition.
Ai.oWERS TO QUERIES.
SULLIVAN-CARDIFF— M., City. In
a six-round fight with Patsy Cardiff. at
Minneapolis January .18, ISS7,' John L.
Sullivan broke, his left arm. Sullivan
was 29. years old at that time.
PANAMA CANAL— W. R. D., Red
wood City, Cal. For such information
as you desire abou^ the Panama canal
address a letter of inquiry • to ■ C.~ E.
Grunsky, Commissioner, Washington,
D. C.
DIVORCE— L. C, City. In the State
of California an action can be com
menced to secure a divorce on the
ground of desertion if the offending
party has' willfully deserted for one
year. The party commencing the action
must have been a resident of the State
one year at the time N of filing the com
plaint.
PUBLIC LANDS— Subscriber, Mor
gan Valley, Lake County, Cal. For in
f&rmatlon" relative to public lands • in
the Hawaiian Islands address- a com
munication to' the General Land Office
at Washington, D. C. In regard to pub
lic lands in the State of California, that
is, lands that belong to the State, ad
dress a communication to the Surveyor
Generaland ex-offlcio. Registrar of the
State Land Office. Sacramento, Cal. If
you want to know about private lands
in the State you will have to communi
cate with some real eslate agent who
deals in country real estate. This de
partment cannot advertise such.
GILDING — Subscriber, "City. The
earliest mention that Is made of gild
ing Is to b« found in the Bible, Exo
dusxxlv: 11. where there is an account
of. gilding on -wood in forming a part
of the tabernacle of the Jews (1490
B. IC.y. Gliding was practiced by the
Romans 145 B.C. According to Pliny,
the Capitol was the first building on
WHAT'S IN VA NAME.
. ' Griffln-~What . ; do you . think of Mot
Jiller*8 title for his latest book, ."Sum
mer/Jokes"? -
Finney (who has read it)— It \ is well
named, for some are not. " r . , 1
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
DEEP shade of amethyst velvet has 'concentric rings printed in
1^1 satin effect upon the velvet pile, the pattern showing up lighter
f\ against the thick velvet background: The blouse is plain almost to
f" / h-} severity, but the" richness "of the material gives it a very dressy
appearance indeed. The shoulders are broad, the requisite pleati
being placed close together either side of the front fastening, this beins
accomplished invisibly beneath a box pleat. The sleeve is the usual shirt
waist pattern, gathered into a straight band cuff, and the plain stand-up
collar is daintily trimmed with: a handkerchief point turnover.
The Value of Cheerfulness
-^HEERFULNESS is to a certain
CO extent a matter of temperament.
Some are constitutionally sanguine
and always fix their eyes on the
bright side. .They cao.see cause for
'lappiness even in times of trial and
misfortune. "How unfortunate you
are!" said a friend to a poor man who
had lost a limb by a railway accident.
"It might have been much worse," re
plied the maimed mr.n cheerfully.
'Sow 'worse?'. 1 "I might have lost both
legs." Philosophy does not often go so
far as this. Undoubtedly the possession
of it adds much to the happiness of
any on% biessed with it. His bright
views of life are> contagious and con
tribute to .make those around him
cheerful. A household is blessed which
contains within it one of these apostles
of good cheer. On the other hand, a
melancholy person depresses all v.ithin
thejsphere of his influence. The psalmist
speaks of advanced age, with its at
tendant Infirmities, as bringing days in
which man can take little pleasure, but
to the young or those in vigorous mid
dle age there is no excuse for regarding
the earth as "a vale of tears." Even ad
vanced old age need not, be gloomy*
Few human lives flow altogether
smoothly. Uninterrupted happiness and
prosperity are rare. It is the' touch of
which this enrichment was bestowed.
The Roman made but 750 leaves, four
fingers' square, with one ounce of gold.
The metal now is beaten so thin that
one ounce will produce 2400 sheets
thr«e and a half inches square and of
the thickness of one-two-hundred
thousandth of an inch. One ounce of ]
gold so beaten will cover a surface of;
about 190 feet square. Gilding with
gold leaf on bole. ammoniac was first
Introduced In 1273. ;
PENNIES— T. P., City. At the Tax
Collector's office the cashier is supposed
to make, exact change," but if the tax
payer wishes to be sure that he shall
NO WONDER.
_•.- He—My, father never minds how . hard
. JHe— Tea; he's an umbrella manufac
turer. " ' •••.-..-.•<.
adversity, the approach of trial, that
tests the strength of a man's nature.
To endure reverses with manly cheer
fulness marks a nature inwardly noble.
It may be prudent to scent misfortune
from afar and groan over the prospect,
but it is not likely to add to i. man' 3
happiness. The seamstress, who stitches
. long hours in a room on the fifth- floor
j of a tenement house, who contrives
r with a bird or an humble flower pot to
brighten «her narrow life, is a true
philosopher and makes the best of an
unpromising lot. Sometimes she i*
rfally happier than her wealthy em
ployer, for happiness cannot be bought
by those who have the most money. .
An English poet calls happiness "our
being's end and aim," and it may fair
ly be presumed that cur creator is bet
ter pleased with cheerful and happy
than with morose and melancho!y
j faces. Beauty is a gift of nature, but
: it may be heightened by a bright ami
! contented disposition. As one of our
; poets has said:
I "The plainest face, if wreathed In smiles.
I Attractive will appear —
> The laugh which wells up from the heart
Is music to the ear.
That mirth should light the human faca
Is part of heaven's plan :
God has denied this gift to brutes —
No creature laughs but man."
—New York Weekly.
not pay more than the exact amount
when the bill has odd cents. It is wise
to carry pennies and "tender the exact
amount.
Time to soivi Tovrtyer.d's Glace Fruits
by Express for Christmas. «•
• ■ ■ ■ • «
Townwr.d's California Glace rra!t3 In
artistic Rre-*tcrted boxes^. .715 Market st.
and Wakel**'» Drue Store. •
» i < ■ :
This week host irold eyeglasses, specs.
20c to 50c mold in store U-tO.at 7» 4th.
front of cHebrMcd Or^tcr Restaurant. •
Special information supplied daily :»
business house* and public m«a oy ta«
Press Clipping Uurtiu <Allen's>. 3ft Can*
rornla atr««it. 'iviipfaon* M*m 1042. •
AT THE FRONT.
Colonel Rhunovltch— General, the
Japanese have captured .our right wing.
"What must we do?
General- Beatenallsky— Fly wtttl-Ut*
otnsr.PLEASURE IS POINTING TOWARD
THE JOYS OF YULETIDE.
CUiDFH IS NOT /STTf\/F
SOCIETY CELEBRATES SEASON
A far-off tinkling of Kris Kringle's
bells is beginning to make itself heard.
Hi*- approach, though not rapid, is
steady and another seven days -will di
vulge the full presence of the old time
merrymaker brightening all festivity
wiXtk his presence. Cupid's arrows are
blunt— perhaps frost tipped— but all the
perennial gods must bow. to Santa
</iaus. whose reign, though ehort/ is
a II -commanding-. Capers are increas
ing:, and without this airy fairy Lillian
the hoary king: would lose much] of his
blithesomeness. ' \-
EXG AG F31EXTS.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Zabaldano an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter. Claudine. to Leo J. MeKinnon.
Mrs. James Franklin Smith and Miss
Kda Boron'o recently gave a tea to
Miss Zabaldano at Mrs. Smith's home
on Broadway. On that occasion the en
eagemer.t was announced to all the
young friends present.
Mr. and Mrs. G. Cohen of 1540 Wil
low street, Aiameda, anuource the en
gagement of their daughter, Carrie, to
touis Haas of San Francisco. \
Mr. and Mrs. Auerbach announce the
ADVERTISEaiEXTS. ' .'. ••y.Jj
i
COMPANY
GROCERS
Tel. toward (986. HO Fourth a
Monday, Tuesday and ■
Wednesday.
Standard Tomatoes, caa • • • -5o .
Best Pre«h Creamery Butter— Fresh !
churned: square * oc
N'o better. Reg:. 45c. )
18 lbs. Best Granulated Suffar $1.00 ;
With Orders. I
Homc-Utde Sriince 21 cat, lb 100 i
Reg. 15c. i
Champagne Cifier — No headache: Dettor j
than wine; bot 10© I
R.eg. 25c.
4 Caas Primrose Cxuja, large cans. .25o
R*-p. !oc can. Quality guaranteed. I
Strawberry Jaai (Oak Brand), 3-lb. i
caa 10c
This is exceptional value; never sold j
for less than 20c.
Cranberries — Cape Cod, quart 10c
Reg. 15c.
Boofl rajrlirt Breakftst Tea, lb 20o
Sold elsewhere for 40c.
5 rime's Hcme-Zffade Marmalade,' Jar. 15c {
Reg. 20c.
Tlzz Erand Corn, Snccotasn. Sweet :
7*er.s and String: Beans, no better I
canned; 3 cans 25c
R«>g. J 5c • can.
GMrardclii's Chocolate, can 25o
Re?. 30C.
4 Ca=.s Flnai Jam <2-Ib. cans), while
they last ' 25c
Quality Guaranteed.
3 Cans Gclden Gate Deviled Ham... 10c :
Reg. 5c can. i
Choice Coffee, fresh roasted, lb 15c
Reg. 20c.
Eeeded aaisins, packac e 5c I
Currants, reclcan^d. 3 packages 25c !
Reg. 10c. I
i CALIFORNIA WOMAN'S |
HOSPITAL
j
The Annual Donation Days
FOR THE
FREE WARD
Will Be Held on
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY
and FRIDAY, December
ai, 22 and 23,
At the Following Places:
Messrs. GOLDBERG,
BO WEN & CO.'S, 232 Sutter st.
THE D. SAMUELS LACE
HOUSE, 233 Sutter st.
* and at the
HOSPITAL. 3"8 Sacramento
. ->v Street.
An urgent appeal is made for
help, as the need is unusually
great. Gifts of money, gro-
ceries, bed linen, etc, etc., will
be gratefully received.
•
FOR WOMEN
SOTX CEBTTTJKT STRIKGE, S2.OO.
Patented March 8, L8O4.
The Result of 20 Tears" Experience.
It it i»*w. cimiile, efficient and beneficial.
• lioi.*-y refunded if not pleased. *->nd stamp
■ lor pamphJrt. Show the pamphlet to your
crurglct and tell him to get it for you. For
rale at
KIRKWOOD RUBBER CO., 305 Larkln «t.,
' £ai< Fr«ncl«co, Cal.
EDWIN' JOT. Druerist. corner Kearny and
California etc.
MRS. VAN ACKEN-S OXYGEN INSTI-
TUTE, 815 Van Nea« ave. near EI1J«.
(Cut thli out.)
Ahroy s. Remember the Full Ji^tao
a axsttivs ulrosio
C2C«aColdnOceDay, Crfptn 2 Days
A* f_7Lj& oo«v«y
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GCAfiAKTEED CXTB3B POE MEN.
HA.RML.rss INJECTION. Cures ordinary
casts In a few days. Warranted to cure
wbnst cases. NO OTKEE THEATMESTT
RXQPTBEP. Prevents- and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. J2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. KELLY'S PHtHWACT. 102 Eddy.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
ton Application.
LEAKT &OOFS ASS CXYUGKT8.
kinds repaired. Globe Sheet MeUt Work*.
1176-1176 Mission «t. Phone Main 5481.
ores.
RUBRICATING OILS: LEOXARD & KLL.IS.
*18 Front ft.. S. F. Phont Main Kit. •
FKlirriNG.
4usSS^
engagement of their daughter. Belle,
to Carl Greenhood.
WEDDINGS.
The marriage is announced of Miss
Mabel ISJ Skelton of Sacramento and
Samuel C hurch Nash of Los Angeles.
Mr. Xa.-h is district freight agent of
the Texas and Pacific Railway at Los
Angeles.
ilias J:uby J. Hamberger and Clyde
P. fc-liaw were recently married at the
home ot the bride's • parents, Mr. an<l
Mrs. L. C. Hamberger, 253 Chattanooga
street. Mr. and Mrs.- Shaw left im
rr.t-diaiely for an extended wedding
trip tljiough Southern California, Ne*.v
Orleans and other cities en route for
Syracuse, N. Y., which is \.o be their
new home.
Nearly two hundred guests assem
bled at the California Hotel yesterday
afternoon at 5 o'clock to witness the
wedding of Miss Marie Ruef and
Aaron Altmann. Long before the ap
pointed time the carriages of guests
began to roll tip to the ladies' en
trance of the hotel and the reception
rooms were filled with friends of the
Ruef and Altmann families.
Rabbi Bernard M." Kaplan conduct
ed the marriage'-'services. Miss Paul
ine Sittenfeld was maid of honor and
-Miss Hortense Hirsh bridesmaid. Wil
liam Altmann was best man.
After the wedding banquet, at
which were seated 225 persons, the
bride and groom prepared for their
trip to Southern California, which will
commence this morning by the early
coast train. --..I.
The popularity of Miss Ruef and
Mr. Altmann and the friendship that
is felt for the bride's brother, A. Ruef.
the well-known attorney, were dem
onstrated by the attendance at the
wedding of scores of well known and
influential citizens and men in public
life.
HOME PARTIES.
' The Ladies' Twentieth Century Club
met at 2024 Pierce sti-eet on December
S to congratulate Mr. and Mrs. Louis
Brune upon the twentieth anniversary
of their marriage. Dancing and music
occupied the time until a late hour.
Miss Lulu Levy, assisted by Miss
Etta Stamper, gave an evening of piano
numbers at her/home, 1365 Ellis street,
last week. Of those who enjoyed the
programme were Miss Rosalie Stamper,
Miss Anita Attinger, Miss Alma Rick
ley, Miss Blanche Hertz, Miss Hallie
Jacobs. Miss Bessie Grossman, Miss
Florence Wisminisky, Miss Ethel Mc-
Glyn, Miss Viola Van Deririgle, Miss
Florence de Carno. Miss Doris Buch
mann, George Richley, Miss Marian
Abraham, Miss Delsie McGlynn and
Melvin Hertz.
Miss Anita Brune of 2036 Mission
street was given a pleasant party by
her parents on the occasion of her
eighteenth birthday. December 10. The
evening was spent in music and danc
ing, the entertainment extending to a
late hour. Those who participated in
the celebration- were Miss Addle Rehn,
Miss Olga - Baumelster, Miss Olga
Schafer, Miss Doris Matthieson, Mis3
Bessie Wilbert, Miss May Cardoza,
Miss Lillian % Stoever, Miss Adelaide
Stoever, Miss Louise Scharenberg, Miss
Clara Marquardsen, Miss Irma Kerth,
Miss Elizabeth Bergfeld, Miss Paula
Brune, Leo Rohrer, Philip Huber, Carl
Schmidt, Max Schmidt, George Rehn,
G. Schoof, Martin Bose, Alfred Schafer,
Louis Costley, Gustav Liebold, W. O.
Jones and Carl Schafer.
A reception was held on the evening
of December 10 by Mr. and Mrs.' R. J.
Harry in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam J. Harry. The following guests
were present: Mr. and Mrs. William J.
Harry. Mr. and Mrs. D. L. Reynolds,
Mr. and Mrs. G. Cordrey, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Thornborough, Master Thorn
borough, Mr. and Mrs. J. Carlyon, Miss
Carlyon, Miss Reynolds, Miss Faun
locks, Miss Gibbons. Miss J. Kinsman,
Miss A. Kinsman, Mrs. Boyd and Ed
win S. Harry.
Mrs. James H. Robinson was given
a very pleasant surpise party last
Wednesday afternoon at her home, 2409
Folsom street.
A luncheon was held, at which the
following guests presided: Mrs. Emma
Leeds, Mrs. Carrie Robinson, Mrs.
Mary Th'ompson, Mrs. Jay Beach, Mrs,
F. Woodward, Mrs. Jennie Coon, Mrs.
Georgia Hodgman, Mrs. Catherine
Barnslaid, Mrs. Hussey, Mrs. Rains
burg.
Mr. and Mrs. August Koch were giv
en a very pleasant surprise party last
week by their friends. Their home at
241 Ash avenue held a merry throng-,
who provided much entertainment ' in
the way of music and dancing.
Songs were sung by Miss Katherine
Schmidt and Miss Theresa Reaper,
while Miss Carrye Grunwald and Miss
Lucye Moeller gave readings. About
the table . toasts were . given and re
sponded to, and each guest was pre
sented with a souvenir. -.-♦,.:
Thope who participated in the pleas
ant affair were: Mr. and Mrs. August'
Koch, Mr. and Mrs. H. Frick, Miss Car
rye Grunwald,/ Miss May Reaper, Miss
Theresa Reaper, Miss Isabel Jones,
Miss Martha Rupprecht,* Mfss Lucy
Moeller Miss Katherine Schmidt, Miss
Alyce Seager, Mr. and Mrs. R. Stolz.
Miss Jennie Schafleld, Mrs. L. V. .Ho
ran. Miss J. Forrester, F. Ferguson, J.
Raymond, J. J. Hamilton, W.
Britt, F. Harvey, L. Miller, B. Cole
man. L. Hall, L. Dinsmore, A. Ells
worth.
One of the most delightful card par
ties of the many given last week was
that at which Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Cole
man of 1625 Oak street were hosts. The
rooms were redolent with the odor of
yuletide, and red predominated in the
scheme of decoration. As the date was
the tenth recurrence of the nuptial day
of the hosts, many -exquisite floral
tributes were received, as were many
other kindly remembrances. Four
handed euchre was played/ with the
usual ' vagaries of fortune. ' After the
game, had ended and the winners of the
prizes been proclaimed supper was
served. In the dining-room, as else
where, the decorations were red, while
soft silken shades shed a pleasant glow
over the feast.. Among the guests were
Mr. and Mrs. Hugo Keil, Mr. andMrs.
John J. Lermen, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
J. Donnelly.. Mr. and Mrs. George Lei
bold, Mrs. J. Reynolds, Mr. and Mrs.
George Schwarz, . - Mn . and Mrs. Leo
Saalsfleld. MIbs McDevlU, . Miss Cole-
They permeate every portion of the
system and give it a new. life and vigor.
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
AD VERTTSEMENTS.
A
For Infants ar.d Children.
Oie Kind You Have Always Bought
v Bears tho* ST& JJ_ff_j "~
THE FRANCISCO; CALL. MONDAY, DECEMBER 19. 1904.
YOUNG WOMAN'S
PITIFUL STORY
Mrs. Minnie Davis Seeks lle
fugre in the City Prison
for Herself and Baby Boy
ASKS FATHER FOR HELP
Says Her. Husband Made Her
Earn Living for Family
as Dance Hall Waitress
Mrs. Minnie Davis, a. comely looking
young woman, and., her baby boy
about 17 months old are lodgers at the
City Prison. Mrs. Davis' father is
John R. Stine of 3108 Vinton street,
Omaha, Neb., head of . the . Mystic
Shrlners of that city, and she has wired
to him for money to take her back to
her home, as she Is destitute. .
Yesterday Mrs. Davis called upon
Captain Duke at the Central Police
Station- She exolained that she had
been informed that he was a Mystic
Shriner and she asked him to help her.
She told a pitiful story and at once en
listed the sympathies of the captain.
She said she was married to Clyde
Davis in Omaha about three years ago.
Davis was then in the service of the
Federal Government. They lived hap
pily for a year or so, and then her hus
band began to neglect her. He lost
his position and three months
ago they came to this city. Their
funds were soon exhausted, and as her
husband did not obtain employment
she procured a position in the Empo
rium. Her income was not sufficient
to keep them and she said iier husband
made her get employment in the Cape
Nome Dance Hall at 525 Pacific street
as a waitress, . with the consequent
degradation that attaches to Buch a
position. Her husband remained at
home in their room at 644 Sacramento
street most of the time and looked aft
er the baby.
Captain Duke and Policeman Engel
went to the room at 644 Sacramento
street, where they found Davis. The
captain denounced him for his conduct
and he whiningly said: "Do I look like
a man" that would do such a thing?"
After Mrs. Davis had gathered togeth
er her few personal effects she and her
baby were sent to the City Prison and
Duke sent the dispatch to her father In
her name. Davis, she said, had torn
up their marriage certificate, but she
picked up the pieces and handed them
to Attorney Joseph Cognet, who lives
in the same house.
man, Daniel O'Connell, Miss O'Connell,
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Kelly and Mr. and
Mrs. William H. Powers.
The tea given yesterday afternoon
from 4 to 6 o'clock by Mrs. E. Dinkelspiel
at the Hotel St. Francis was one of the
largest given this winter. The large red
parlors on the mezzanine floor were
utilized, and pretty decorations of cut
flowers and ferns made the rooms most
attractive. Three hundred Invitations
were Issued, and a delicious crush was
seen in the rooms at the busy hour,
most of the men calling after 5 o'clock.
The St. Francis Musical Art Society
will give the smartest concerts heard
In San Francisco for many moons, be
ginning on the 28th, when Mme. Gad-;
ski, the soprano, will be heard.
CLUB PARTIES.
j The Alumni Association of the C. S. j
; M. A. held its annual reunion and :
; dance on Thursday evening, December
; S, in Golden Gate Hall. ' This occasion i
j brought together several old school- ;
; mates who had not met for several j
1 years. The president of the association, j
! John Hammond, was made the recip- i
l ient of much congratulation, when it j
! was discovered that he had recently ■
i become a benedict. The officers of this j
! organization are: President, John j
J Hammond; vice president. Miss Carrie
: Dinsmore; recording secretary, Wallace .
• Scott; corresponding secretary. Miss '
j Grace Hortop; treasurer, James Walsh. ,
, This evening's enjoyment was largely.
! due to the able management of the j
i following: Mrs. A. Kaeding, William i
i Heitmuller, Louis Stellar. Miss Yvonne i
Greer. Roy McLellan, Louis Gilbert, i
! Miss May Heilman. ' !
I The Pilgrim Sunday school of the j
I First Unitarian Church will give a |
1 Christmas festival , In Native Sons' j
'Hall to-morrow evening, December 20.
■ The entertainment, ."which will consist
• of a Christmas tree and Santa Claus
• for the little people, a short comedy
• sketch and dancing, will begin at 7
o'clock- "The Russian Honeymoon"
j will be given by the older members of
| the Sunday-school and will begin at
| 7:45. The affair is under the patronage
of the following: Mrs. William R.
j Wheeler, Mrs. James Marvin Curtis,
• Mrs. Alpheus Bull, Mrs. W. B. Cotrel.
; Mrs. W. B. Harrington, Mrs. J. B. Orr,
■ Mrs. Bradford Leavitt, Miss Edith
i Buckingham, Mrs. Edmund C. Burr,
: Mrs. Charles H. Mann. Mrs. Lloyd
I Baldwin, Mrs. William H. Mills, Mrs.
j Charles Stetson Wheeler, Mrs.' Julius
'Weber, Mrs. E. F. Simpson, Mrs. C.
J P. Osgood, Mrs. Albert Gerberdlngi
i Mrs. John W. Stetson and Mrs. Henry
St. Goar. .1 . . .
I The Ladies' Guild of the Holy Inno-
I cent Church held a very successful ba
! zaar on the afternoon and evening of
I December 7 In Guild Hall. n .
■ Under the management of the follow
ing members the baza%r was enter
, tainlngly carried: Mrs. H. B. Collier,
I Mrs. S. C. Tracey, Mrs. William Mc
t Clure, Mrs. Hume, Mrs. Hegaard, Mrs.
| Hill, Mrs. Ludwig, Mrs. Chase, Mrs.
! Lee, Mrs- A. E. Boyle, Mrs. Poole and
; Mrs. Rude. ' ■- • |
! PERSONAL.
1 George H. Stein will leave to-day for
Boston on a business trip.
Miss Annie Bennett of Ottawa. Can
ada, is the guest of her sister, Mrs. G.
L. Kennard, 2708 Harrison street.
Mrs. S. S. Page of Chicago, is pending
the winter in San Francisco with her
mother, Mrs. Viola Murphy, .794 Chest
nut street.
! Mrs. M. Marks and Mrs. S.Wertheim
' er of Portland, Or., are the guests of
Mrs. S. Goldstein, 207.5 Bush street.
They will receive to-morrow, Decem
ber 20. -■/■ >,
Mra, A. C; Freeman- and Miss | Mabel
' V. Freeman,' who have: been visiting in
New York and St. Louis, have returned
j to their home in this city and will b«
: "at home"- on third Thursdays.
I -Dr. Maude Noble has gone for a pro-
I tracted trip through the. East. and Eu
rope- In Berlin -Dr. -Noble '.trill': be asso
ciated with one of the I clinics and; will
take a further course of study in medi
cine.
Mr. and Mrs. James Steel of Port
land and Mrs. Josephine , Ladd of 'Mai
den, Mass., are stopping at the ' Prince
ton. They will leave in a few. weeks for
Southern California, to remain- the rest
of the winter.
An. English engineer named El
worthy, now living in Stuttgart, claims
to have invented an apparatus for pro
viding an abundant and -cheap : supply^
of ozone, which ; will prove., of I! great
use in hospitals, .theater- andj other
buildings. .. , . • '. ,'_ : .
CALIFORNIA CLUB WILL
HONOR FOUNDERS' DAY.
Members Declare Against Set
T^^sts^at\Br^akfust.
TERROR THUS DISPELLED
BY -LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
'Behold, at last, it has arrived — the
club feast; . without a toast! ;And now
the gods be vthanked' forvthis. kindly
saving of our dear., digestions " ' from
these unpardonable attacks^-as "(insid
ious to the , defenseless listener as to
the speakers. And women-toasters,
alas! are possessed* to display: learned
ness in toasts. ..,::?..■ '-'• '-: *
In rail truth, toasts at, any.; function
are , funereal, unless, the speaker be a
Depew'.and we haven't nlariy Depews
in clubdom. Hende - the ' i fttlfierva-llke
wisdom • in' 'the' ' ,o£ set
speeches. So 1 say-, the women -of the
California Club. : .who % wiir sit them
down to their annual breakfast an the
27th at Pioneer Hall- to -renew their
warm friendships, and patch up leaky
ones _if such there , be, .for : such is the
prerogative of a good breakfast. The
day is to be officially* known as Found
ers', day, and it is believed that the af
fair will be .the largest function ever
given by the club. The- chairman of
the reception committee, Mrs. Thomas
Morffew, will .be assisted in ; her pleas
ant duty- by many interesting -women.
Mrs. A. W. Scott has the momentous
task in hand of seating the guests in
congenial locations. Plucky . Mrs.
Scott! •, ■■".•";
1 By the way, it might facilitate mat
ters if the ladies -would communicate
with Mrs. Scott their'prefererices in the
matter of neighbors. .And thus are we
reminded of Dean Swift's retort to his
prospective host: - "Never mind your
bill of fare, show me your bill- of com
pany." 'Tis the company that maketh
the feast, in truth.
Tickets for the breakfast may be ob
tained from Mrs. McMasters, the re
cording secretary, or at the- club
rooms. There will be no guests, owing
to the large club membership- . . . .
The last meeting of Tokalon demon
strated that the high standard the club
has set for itself In the Quality of Its
programme Is being maintained, much
to the enjoyment of the 200 guests. The
programme included vocal • solos,
"Three Old Irish Songs" and "When
Celia Sings" (Moir), sweetly sung by
Miss Marguerite Slocombe. A delight
ful stereopticon exhibition of the St.
Louis - exposition and Colorado Canon
was given, illustrative of a lecture en
tertainingly delivered by Dr. Emily
Noble. *
A standard fiction section, under Mrs.
Newton J. Tharp, Shakespeare section
under Mrs. Fa irweather, musical lit
erature section under Mrs. Bryant and
modern literature section under Mrs.
Perkins have been formed - and are
promising well. ...
! The Sewing Club held Its closing
meeting for . the year at Utopia rooms
last Thursday, Miss Juliet Greninger,
president. After a short business meet
ing the following programme was pre
sented by Miss»,Ethelwyn Marrack,
Of thernuBical section of the
club: Song, (a) "O, Dry Those Tears"
(Del Rlego), (b) "The Dawn" (D'Hard
elot) Miss Alice Busch; contralto solo,
I "Necklace of Love" (Nevin), Mrs. J. H.
' Bannerman; lecture, Dr. L. ; C. Heil
bron; violin solo. "Hungarian Dance"
(Brahms), Miss Hazel Hubbard; hu
' morous selections, Miss Florence Close;
; soprano "solo, Miss Helen Crane.
On Wednesday the women of the
Laurel Hall Club, Mrs. Ella Sexton
president, will forget to be grav6 for
the hour and will turn back the hands
of time to their babyhood days— how
far back I shall not say, not I. A mer
ry time shall these gray-haired babes
of the Laurel Hall Club have when they
gather 'round their Christmas tree with
old-time glee — a good counterfeit of
their grandchildren's enthusiasm.
Grandchildren? Why. many of the most
charming members are, honored by the
title of grandparents, even as , is the
club's clever president.
This "silly season" Is a "thing for
which to be devoutly thankful. This
frivdling is the best known : tonic to a
tired heart- and the sweet panacea for
wrinkles— that is, the reprehensible
ones, for wrinkles there are that be
speak good nature.
Th'e California Club, Mrs. Aylett Cot
ton, president, promises an interest-,
ing day to-morrow to the lovers of
birds — andv where, are they that are
not?
The following is the official, an
nouncement for the" rest of the year:
December 20— Programme in charge
of Department of Education, Mme.
Emilia Tojettl, chairman. "For a Bird
Day Annual in our Schools," Mrs. Alice
L.JPark; talk, "Our Birds, and Needs
of Protective Legislation," Miss Bertha
Chapman. . -
Tuesday, December 27.— Founders'
day. Breakfast at Pioneer Hall. /.' ■
On Thursday, the 29th, the Cap . and
Bells, Mrs^ W. P. Buckingham presir
dent, will, hold a merry tryst, with the
men and mai' 1 of ye olden day, and
these clever women know how , to sip
the fun therefrom. An interesting
coterie is this Cap and 'Bells 'Club of
.women— the^. all do something, and do
that something .well. Herewith Is the
programme: /Wit and humor, by mem
bers; ye old'time quadrille, given in old
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
ORIENTAL RUGS
Our assortment of vOrienr-
tals is immense and very
xejs^oneibly pricied-^some
as cheagms Domestics./
Rugs Make ■ Ideal Christmas Gifts
OPEN EVENINGS^
•FVBNITUKE;CARPET3 • RUOS • DRAPERIES-
Il4v-iag POST S%.SvFi
time fashion, Mrs. S. P. Blumenberg,
Miss Ena Langworthy;.the daughter of
the regiment, in costume, Miss Helen
Darling; old time dialect song, Mrs.
Charles Stewart; ye old time romance
with single minuetto, Mrs. W. P. Buck
ingham; the Puritan maiden, Mrs. V.
C. Driffleld. ' • .
If there's a more earnest worker in
clubdom at ' the present holiday hour
than Mrs. Sidney Smith Palmer of the
California Club I haven't met her. As
a, member of the Social Science section,
she has planned an active canvass for
the erection in California. of a hospital
for tubercular patients. The section
bears the enthusiastic support" of the
club, and goes out to every organiza-'
tion of influence in the State. The fol
lowing are the facts set forth In the
circular letter:
One person out of every nine In the United
States • dt*e of tuberculosis. Twenty-flve years
ago it I was supoosed to be due to hereditary
taint and preventive measures ,were wanting.
To-day it Ms known that tuberculosis is com
municable, - preventable and, in Its earlier
stages, . curable. Thousands afflicted with- tu
berculosis are Ignorant of these facts and
thousands are indifferent to its dangers. They
are, nevertheless, a menace, not only to the
health of their own households, but to that of
thP community at larte.
It Is, therefore, the duty of the people Of
this State to do all in their power to prevent
and to eradicate this disease. The most suc
cessful results are ■ obtained In . sanitorta es
tablished for the specific purpose of treating
tuberculosis only, t In Germany this method
has reduced the percentage of deaths in the
flirt and second stages of tuberculosis to prac
tically nothing.
Fresh air, proper exercise, nourishing food
and hygienic treatment are important elements
in the cure. , A sanatorium should be specially
designed to supply these features. Many East
ern States are building sanatoria for th« treat
ment and cure of tuberculosis, based upon the
experience of private institutions of that char
acter. The economic gain to the community
by the prevention /and cure of this dread dis
ease Is -enormous.
Whereas, it is the sense of the California
Club that State and municipal laws should be
enacted whereby the spread of tuberculosis. In
all its forms, may be prevented and whereby
there shall be inaugurated a systematic edu
cation of the public In the care, treatment and
piwention of the disease, and whereby State
sanatoria ?haU be established for the scientific
treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis; end,
wh»rens, the California Club is preparing; un
der the best legal and . medical advice, & bill
carrying a reasonable appropriation for th«
above named purposes, to be introduced In the
coming legislature of this State; therefore,
be it ' ■ y -
Resolved, in view of these facts, That the
California Club does hereby call : upon the
people of this State to do all in their pow«r to
secure .the passage of this bill and to make
personal appeals to the legislators for prompt
and favorable action In Its behalf.
'• Inclosed with this appeal is a blank,
to be filled out by each lady addressed
and returned to the club, stating its at
titude in the matter. .
Now, tuberculosis isn't a pleasant
topic to dwell upon, but a cheery
thing" of reflection at this yuletide pe
riod, but it is an issue that 'we, as an
intelligent people,^ are called upon to
meet. Then let's do it. '
SOCIALISM AND ITS
. , . -RELATION TO "SCABS"
Interesting Lecture by Jack London
to a Large Audience at the ,
Alhambra.
Last night at. the Alhambra "Jack"
London explained the merits of his
political belief and "the demerits of a
system that accumulates and does not
distribute. From his standpoint
socialism does not mean what the un»
tutored in the teachings of that party
think it does, but it is a development
of political and domestic ideas that
will eventually lead to the betterment
of- universal conditions.- commercial
and otherwise.
The announcement that the clever
but erratic novelist would talk on
"scabs'' attracted a large audience to
the theater. None seemed disap
pointed, for the speaker's . discourse
was instructive, although , it . may not
have been strictly in accordance with
the views of all of his hearers. He
spoke of the "scab" as the result ot
certain environments that are not
necessarily the outcome of a strike or
a movement against the closed shop.
The "scab" is evolved, according to
London's ideas, from an overindul
gence in too many easy coming things
in life and <he is bred as naturally as
a mosquito in a swamp. He is a social
evil springing from the accumulation
of. too much wealth r and is not con%
fined to any particular class of man.
Capital Is merely the surplus' that
labor has not received and labor is
'chiefly* instrumental in creating
capital. . -■■• ■"':'■. ' ■•_■■•
..To avoid' the inevitable results of
too much . capitalization, , and conse*
qtiently the inadvertent fostering of
the "scab," certain restrictions are
necessary, and : these . the Socialist
party .is best adapted to provide.
Socialism is only in its infancy, yet it
is strorfg. and waxes stronger , as it ls>
better, understood. A ■ thorough un
derstanding between the factions that
combine to make a world, is the prin
ciple of true socialism.
- The speaker was weir received and
frequently interrupted by applause.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter. size American. $2 75 box 25. !.V':-:',Vf
Some people never tell the truth be
cause they couldn't be believed If, they
did.
, ' ■• • " ADVERTISE3LEXTS.
OUT^
■ ■■■;'..->,', OUR SEAX iLE
r-p-^i; OlvVjii in o. r»
The public has appreciated our liberal offer. Out of 275 we have but 57 odd
Pianos left and these will not last until the end of the week. So if you will come
in rfght away and make your selection you do not need any money, we will set
the instrument aside- fnr you. Or we will rent you a piano from. $2 per month up.
Below you w^ll find some that are left:
12 beautiful new Stark Pianos, in all Weber ..* $U3
woods; sold at factory for $350; we are Chickeringf »lSr»
selling them for $225 2 Haynes, from $135 to asalir.
2 Fischer .....$$K». $12-*» 1 Sommer $13<»
1 Kimball. formerly $21S; now «J)S 2 Emerson 80S. »14<»
1 Fuller 8O7 Steinway 81O.">
1 Neuman .............JRHri 5 used Heine; regular stock price $475.
Fllsher : .«5O J700; now $225 to S3OO
Antisell ..S4O New Uprights:—
Occidental S3S Hallet & Davis. »1f>O
Jewett 9114 Conover S21.'
Miller .\......:..$130 Steger $3oO
New England '.$18!5 Behr Bros »1S7
Decker Bros. :... A. ..:. $217^ Gabler, discontinued style ....-.$375
Of course our regular stock of Pianos at regular prices is always from 100
to 300 Pianos, but suc+i prices as we* have given nn the Pianos we are closing out
nave never been heard of before. On every instrument you save from $100 to $230,
comparing the prices with other stores that have no factory. . ■
OPEN DAV AND NIGHT WHILE THEY LAST - • ' «
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary Street, S. F M "ON THE SQUARE."
Oakland, 1252 Broadway. ■
AaiusE>tEjrr&,
g> CALIFORNIA^
fti THIS WEEK ONLY.
ROSE MELVILLE
II In Her Orislnal Comecly Creation,
8 SIS HOPKINS 1
H I WARMEST THEATER IN TOWN $j
li j STT^AM HEAT THROUGHOUT | I.
11 NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE— James |
fl A. Hearne's Greatest, of All American 3
■ Plays— SHORE ACRES. With Most ot H
m the Original Cast. ,- «
\mmbh : msiMi^m^ >
European andjmerican Stars
Albertlna MeUch; Alfred A. rarland;
Alda Eamml; lacy and Vlate; Vernon;
r ord Sisters ; Dillon Brothers ; Orpfcetua
Motion Pictures and
HERRMANN THE GREAT
Assisted by MABEB SEXBM-JTS.
■ Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c, 25c and 60c.
oimflfflliHOiM
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
SATURDAY MAT. AT 2.
KING
Extra Christmas Mats; 5S&. S^: S
SEATS ALWAYS SELLING.
•M&0CB
I H. ' W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
| TO-NIGHT " SSSL TO-NIGHT
I Matinees Thursday and Saturday, .
Oliver Morosco Offers >
HOWARD GOULD— J. H. GILMOUR
and the Incomparable Majestic Players la ta«
I treat scenic drama,
jJIM BLUDSO
j I. N. Morris* Great New York Success.
Next Week— "A CONTENTED WOMAN."
To follow— "In Old Heidelberg."
Evening prices. 25c to 75c
A X r* A *"7 -A T% Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR iigs&s
_ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
Positive Reappearance, of the Alc*tar's Popu-
ular Leadlne Actor,
- JOHN . CRAI6V-AS HOSBA HOWE IN
Sol Smith Russell's treat success.
[PEACEFUL)^
VALLEY j —
Full of fun— Deliehtful sentimenC
Ev's 23c to 50c. Mats. Sat. and Sun., 25c to 50c
Christmas Week— Extra Mat., Mon.. Dee. 28.
JO8 *a m ffi, ur^ LOST RIVER
R 'fW i H^lftafl MAYER
til^ 3 0 Sn&o props
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 833.'
; TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES 8ATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Snperb Production of Lincoln J. Carter's
Great Melodrama,
TWO LITTLE WAIFS
Direct From the Criterion Theater.; Chicago,
With -TEMPEST and SUNSHINE In the
Title Roles, and the Entire Central
Stock Company.
Startling Electrical and Mechanical Effects,'
Thrilling All the Time!
p r i CM — Eve., 10c to 80c. Mats.. 10c, 15c 25c
Beginning with Matinee on Xmaa .Day. . . '
and AU.That Week,
THE ESASTOr CHICAGO
' lew /*!$|r Jockey
OAKLAND TBACI.
Racing every , week : day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
$1000 HAHDIC At , t» B* Saa WiVXiSQ \T, Die. 21.
CHRIST KA3 IAMSICAP, $3000 lidii.'tt 3» Hna
MONDAY, I M«mbtT W. • .
For special trains stepping at the track take
S ■ P. Ferry, foot Of THarket ■ street, at 12:00,
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 w 2:00. Returning trains
leave the traclt'at 4:tO and*4:-t3 p. in. and im-
mediately after the last race. '
• THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
.': PERCY W. TKEAT. . Secretary. •■- .•:.;?.-
W eekly Call, $1 per Year
'. UT 1^
£*{%% IllfiSglJt SM FBANmCG-3
l# ULUIflSl A LEADING THW,ffi
Night. Including Sunday — Matinee Sat.
XZJkW ft EB&AiraSB PSESEKT
THOS. Q. SEABROOKf
In • the spectacular musical farce novelty,
THE BILLIONAIRE
MAJBVEIiOTJS THEATIZ 8 CSS £3
In the second act, show in x lobby and
auditorium complete In every detail. In-
troducing a novel satire on a nrst-nlarht
audience and famous "first-nighters'* in
New YorJc. The funniest, most orlartaal
and entertalnintr Idea ever presented on
the American stage.
A rEATUBB THAT TESTS
The Laughing Limit of Human Rndur&ae*.
Next attraction— "THE SULTAN OF SULU."
I GRANDEE
MATINEE SATURDAY— LAST 6 NIGHTS
WILLIAMS
an? WALKER
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
Blanche Bates the
DARLING of the GODS
SEATS READY THURSDAY
_____
Every Afternoon and Sveninjr ta the
Heated Theater, Sain or Shine.
BOTHWEL BROWNE'S New Japanese-
Musical Extravaganza,
PRINCESS FAN TAN
scores of specialties!
300 performers:
a bio show by xottx^e people j
AMATEUR NIGHT and
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN THURSDAY.
No Increase in Prices.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
MISCKLJLAN~EOUS AMUSEALENTX.
ALHAMBRA
TO-NIGHT at 8:15
Wed.. Dec. 21, at 8:15 p. m.
Paderewski
RESERVED SEATS SELLING
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.S. ',
$2.50. $2.00. $1.50. $1.00. • .
Steinway Piano Used. ■
Reserved Seat Sale for Oakland Concert at
MacdonouKh Theater Friday. December 23. at
2:30 P. M., opens at box office of the theater
this morning.
FISCHER'S THEATER.
Tony Lubelski, General Manager. High-
class Vaudeville. 10 and 20. children 10. Af-
ternoons 2:30, Evenings 7:30 and 9; continuous
Sat., Sun and holiday* from 2 to 5 and 7 to 11
p.- m. A box of fine candy to all children erery
performance during this weak.
PafarA DON'T FAIL TO
j COURT Lowsiaf
fl fl fl room, the EM PI RB
:'rii__jiV palm room, ti»
linMIQ LOUIS XV PAR.
U1UUU LQR> h^jj^
I Hotels 1 room-
IA/. T. HESS, .
Brotary Vnbllo and Attora*y-*t-X«w,
Teath Floor, Room 1013. Claua Bpvaeksla MAsv
TalcDhona Mala 983.
Rasldeoca, 1803 McAlilter at.
Resldeno* Telephone Page M4I. "
AIIR1A Ammunition. Bunting aad
ill iin Sporting Ooods. Larrwt
1 m 1 I Hi ltock - Lot*" prtc«e. 3«nd
U W I V 6HREVE A BABBSK CO.-
mm I» Market at. and B*
Kearny st.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Is the only curs for •gemma aad
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Yonr DrusKiat or at 688 HA1OHT ST..
.. San Francisco. Cal.
| COOK BOOKS. I
« Owing to the unusual demand 3
§ on the part of onr subscribers 2
8 for THE CAMi'S Premium Cook X
w Book it baa been necessary to §
« order an additional supply. «
<B These books are expected about o
S the 15th lnsu on and after o
Q which date they will be at the 3
8 disposal of our patrons at the ~
I y- Tery low price of 50c. S
i 8 * To subscribers receiving their $s
O paper by mail there will bean o
' Q additional charge of 25c to pre- Q
! Q pay expressage. We also have S
! 8 on hand n tew copies of "Wild J*
J^ Animals I Have Met." thor- 8
V 'ooghly descriptive of the .whole g
8 animal klnsrdom, on the same «
k ternis." Order now, as our sup- g
8 ply la limited. £
78
YOU CAN ABANDON YOUR WORRIES
JOHN D. Sl'R ECKELS .'...Proprietor j
Address Ccjnmualcalicr.s to j
JO11X SIcX AUGHT. -•••••• -^?H?= cr
\V. J. MARTIN ». ..Business 3Iaimger
TELEPHONE.
Ask for TUB CALL. The Operator Will _ Con-
nect Tou With the Department Vou \Msu.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
E31iorlai Rocrr.s 2^1 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrier*: - • Cis. Ter ■*V>*k. 75
CIS. Per Month, Ccpies 6 *- t *-.,,.
T»rrrj by ilai:. Incindiox l-ottate tCosh V\ .th
Orderj:
I'AILY CALL <inc:ud. s*anA»y». J >* ar --- J >£!
I'AILT CALL Unclud. Sunday). C rnc«... 4.0O
I'AILY CALL— By Sinsle Month »oe
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year --J"
WEEKLY CALL. 1 year .......100
FORFfOV fDai!>. ..$S*» Per Tear Extra
nrv^Ir^ \ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
rOSTAGE. [ w#€ _j: ,.00 Per Trar Extra
ALL PCSTM AFTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
fazr.pl* Copies ■•ill be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of afl-
trema chculd be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
cuert
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 108S
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tUS Center Btr»«t telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT •-
EAMCEL — '. WALL. Poet Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
T Tien 6Quare; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hctel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
She— £ isn House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tr^mont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Hou?e.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE Kr.OGNEPS, Manjuette Building.
(Lcng Distance Telephone. 'Central 2619. ')
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
E7EPHEX B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:*
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Fraaclsc© Call
«— aer Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market ttreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
K27 Montgomery street corner Clay: open until
• :30'p. xn.
SflO Hayes street: open until 8:30 p. m.
6£S» McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. nr.
IC96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrtheatt corner Church and Duncan street*;
cpen until 9 p. m.
22(0 F'.llmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEET!— g KOTTCEB.
ASTLUM of Golden Gate Command- ± _
«-y No. IS. K. T.. 625 Putter *t. — irSfP"
Stated ajwembly THIS* EVENING at IBS) '
8 o'clock. All fraters are coun- ~^
t~>us!y Invited By order of the Com-
mander. THEO FROLICH. Recorder.
THE annual meeting of San Francisco f»
«'hspiw No. I. Hoyal Arch Masons, YY
take f place THIS EVENING. Busi- /V\
rifff and election.
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
HF-RMANN Lode* No. 127. F. and A. 9
M— Called .r.*«tlnc THIS DAY "VV"
• MONDAY), December 19. 19<H, f or /^^
Installation of officers, at Masonic
Tfrr.ple, et 7:30 o'clock p. m. By order of
the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholdrrs of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
cltro. Ca!., will be held at Its banking-
house. 301 Montgomery st. San Francisco,
Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1305.
at 3:15 p. m .. for the election of directors to
rerve during the ensuing year, and for the
-.ran&action cf such other business aa may
tcrne before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 10. 1904. .. _-..- £Ii/«
AGEETTE WANTED,
ORGANIZERS to represent Knights and
I-adies of Security; good contract to gentle-
man and ladies north of San Francisco. Ad.
DIPT. DEPUTY. 215 Sth st, Marysvllle. Cal.
WANTED — Ladies or (rentlemen to solicit. Call
at rocm SO. Winchester Hotel.
ATTORSEY8-AT-LAW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
!is no rood; for 22 years I've made divorces
a fpeclajty: quick, quiet; no money needed:
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market Bt.
CONSULTATION free, private and confiden-
tlal; buF'.ncM legally and promptly trans-
arted; collections, mechanics' Hens, probate,
tenants ejected; legal papers drawn; loanx
on real estate; nafe. sound Investments; hlgn
rates Interest. W. MATTHEWS. 632 Market.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-law, Exam, bldgr..
Cth floor: entrance room 611; established 26
year*; all courts, general court and office
practice: no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by eppolntment Tel. Red 3601.
AA — Divorce: costs $12; quick.qulet;advlce free;
all law business; no charge unlers success-
ful; open evening*. 927 Market st., room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday eve nlngs. 819 Market st.. r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law, rooms S
and 4. 240 Montgomery St.; phone Red 6017.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
ASTEMA CUEE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c. 2r.c. ftOc. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas.
a!«o Wlshart. 10th and Washington. Oakland
' AT7T0M0BII.E3.
PACKARD automobile for sale;, flrst-elase run.
nlng orcer; will sell for $1800. Box 1697.
Call office.
BOAJtpnrq ro» c~3XP~~~.
- A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like mctherlen*
children to care for; terras ' reasonable. C13
Hart Sixteenth St., East Oakland, or 26
Dor» «t. city. .
AMERICAN family —ants a child to take care
of; good home; best of references. Call at
7S5 Vallejo at
WANTED — A child to take care of; rood care.
MRS. • WEBER. 282 Turk st
BUSPTESS CHAJTCEB. ' " :
F. _. BROOKBANK. "
_ - *. BUSINESS AGENT.
SIT Market at. between Firth and Sixth.
A CLIENT of raise who conducts a well pay-
Ing drar atacd en Market mi. desires sro-xl
hocest man as partner to assist him in at-
tending stand, and to same he can offer flne
position; no experitr.oe necessary; $350 cash
required. Particulars of BROOKBANK.
t-"T.O AND services secure 'an interest In old
estab. office and commission business clear-
ing S200 to $250 mo.; no experience required;
party roust bt sober and reliable end fur-
r.is-h rood references - as same • will be ten-
dered him. Particular* with BROOKBANK.
S25Q — Partner wanted, cigar store and billiards.
Hariri Investment Co., 23S Kearny st- -
J40C0— PARTNER wasted; established gsnteel
Indoor buelneea; duties light; ehort hours;
win pay $100 month to each: no experience
required. MAR1N INVESTMENT CO., 233
Kearny at
WILL sacrifice for quick sale the be»t paytnr
grocery and bar north of Market »t; receipts
$C0 to $70 a day; make offer. PACIFIC
BUSINESS ASSN.. 11 „ -Mar-Eat st
A OlANCE for a man with small capital wlll-
'■:» to work as partner . in a sood business
with grand future. 212 First st.
PARTY with J36O In light business; good
profit; light service required; A No. 1 busi-
Bcse. inquire 283 Fourth tt.. barber ' shop.
IjAKERY — ?150: a snap; must sell at- once;
Eood chance for right party. Call 1214 Ninth
ave,. Sunset District
PriCD— Jteliablp business man with $1000
avwst in a proposition that will pay £ J
cent. Box 2207, Call office.
rtTXEJf wanted in lisht busings: mum
teady. sober man. willing to »s*ict jren-
y.. Particulars 47 Geary at. rco:n .">.
willing to Invtst 5650 can mak« WjO :
year: stands lnv^ftlgation. Call 10 a. m. :
7ta Market st. Room 4. J
ET«IOT S sj C H :AKC j ES __ Co atoLued._ J
A-^r-CO: HARDWARE, locksmllh and electri-
cal repair shor<: established 25 yeare; best
location. Part.cu'ars l\. tJ. WILKK. itiyj
Krai !-■:-.
A- $50*): HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal rep&ii shop; established 23 ytars; ben
location. Particulars It. G. WILKE, 2t>',i
ICt arny.
A— JlSOt); SALOON on water front, close to I
Market st.; list rent $520; place established |
mary ;.«:., and known as a good pay.ne j
bv:ili;*s*. See R. G. WILlvE. rii^j Kearny. ;
A— $:WQ; BAKERY with delicate«sen storr. Ice- I
cream parlor: in very best location; will b_, j
sacrificed ; owr.fr must l^ave at once for Ner.' '
Toil:; rent >20. Call H. G. WILKE. 26H
Keaxcy St.
A— $:i50l>; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease:
$20W» stock suaranteed; 1 block north of
Aim:. ct: a very rare chance. Call on K. G.
WILJvK. 1'fiU Kearny st.
A — J>lM)y; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
• dally receipts $SV: rent $M>; lease; place lo-
<u\?i close to .i'.<.ik»-i and a £ood businesi.
Call on H. G. WILKE, 2«% Kearny st.
A— $3500; SALOON: the best on the water
front; rent $74; place known for the last 30
years as a tint-class paying business. For
particulars call en R. G. WILKE. 20H
Keftrnj* st I
A— $1200; OLD-EETAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; 9* horses;. 4 wagons: net rent $20:
place cstab. :or many years and hai> a large
patronage; a good paying business. Call on
R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny st
A— $1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dlntnc-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease: close to carhouee and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 20H Kearny st
A— $1800; RESTAURANT for tale, in the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; daily
recelpis, $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partlc-
ulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
$C00 — WILL take partner In a good paying, I
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau- ,
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $11UO;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st
A— $7000; BAKERY, one of the best In city;
! monthly sales $C00O; splendid chance for two
partners: cot all cash necessary. Particulars
«-« R. G. WILKE. 20*i Kearny st.
A— $2000; HOTEL In Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50 or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2U#
Kearw st.
A — $17i>0; CORNER procery and bar. with 5
lU1ng rooms, on Sacramento St.; 4tt years'
lease; rent 515; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE, 2CH Kearny st.
$550 — RESTAURANT: very best location; rent
$60; close to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
Investment: investigate. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st
A — $2000; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia St.: lease; old established and good
paying buslners; investigate; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearny- St.
A — $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
placo established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2o% Kearny st
A— $800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon *s-
tab. SO years and known as a good busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
A— $2450: CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doinz large cash busi-
ness: location cp.n't be beat: value In sight
S>* R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st
A — $2600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; ona
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; - doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 2«H Kearny at. » . .
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $C0; living rocms; stock will in-
voice about $2900; a well established . and
firfit-rlass paying business. See R. G.
WILKE, 26*4- Kearny st
A — $250; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store: 5 rooms; rent $25: best location Va-
lencia st Call R. G. WILKEJ, 26V4 Kearny.
$500 INVESTED will return $5000— Wanted—
Person with $500 In each county In the
Unlttd States to take an Interest in our
business and represent us in his vicinity;
will not require your time or Interfere with
your present business ; you can clear $5000
first year and get an Income for life; strictly
reliable manufacturing business, having the
greatest money-making invention since the
cash register, linotype or telephone; only one
perssn In a county can get In on this, so
write quick. Address NAT. L. H. & P. CO..
112 Michigan st.. Chicago.
EVERY $1 Invested In our compsny will make
you $10 and bring you income for life. J. F.
LAWRENCE. 112 Michigan st. Chicago, 111.
$125— BRANCH bakery, notions; rent $12.
$275 — Branch bakery, notions; rent $15.
$450 — Candy. Icecream parlor; rent $1225.
$1800-r-Grocery and saloon; lease; rent $15. .
$2C0 — Cigar stands; best street; rent $25.
$VK) — 14-room lodging-house; rent $42 50.,
EAGLE REALTY. 230 Kearny st. rooms 1-2.
IF you want a bargain, call on the ' Eagle. 230
Kearny st, rooms 1 and 2.
AAA — Long established and largest real es-
tate butiness in growing town near S. F.;
pays $30O to $500 per month; $4500 worth of
unlncumbered real estate on band. Will
sell for actual value of real estate, good will
of business thrown In free.
THORNE & KILPATRICK. 312 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant cafe and bakery,
second to none In this city, as a good in-
vestment; principals, and only those having
520,000 ready cash to Invest and meaning
strictly business, will be considered. Ap-
ply personally to ALBERT NELSON, 28^
Kearny st, office, rooms S2-S3. third floor.
F. L. SKAGGS & CO. HOTEL BROKERS.
26 ' Montgomery St., 8. F. Phone Jamea 6301.
We make a specialty of hotel* in good, live
country towns. Our business covers the entire
Pacific Coest. There are now a number of
splendid opportunities requiring $1000 to $10,-
000. Hotel men olease call.
FOR sale, or will exchange for real estate at
invoice price, a money-making business,
shelving, counters, showcases contents Jew-
elry, notions, hardware, etc.; low rent; owner
must leave Oakland at once. P. O. box 162,
Oakland. Cal.
$7500 — Grocery and bar on prominent corner:
horses, wagoot, buggy, etc.; stock will In-
voice price asked; this business established
many years and will bear closest Inspection.
Owner to retire; no agents. Address box
2672. Call office. . •
ONE - of - the - best pawnbroker** establishments
in the State for eale on easy terms; owner
retiring from buslnees.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st. room 419.
WANTED— Partner In established packing
business handling- pickles and grocers' sun-
dries; additional capital will be utilized to
Increase business. For particulars address
Charles F. O'Callaghan, atty.. 39 Nevada blk.
STEADY man wanted as partner; plain, light
work; small capital required; sure profit of
$75 to' each per month: owner Is a practical
worklnrman. COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT
CO.. 632 Market st
LADY wants steady, active young man part-
ner with $350; well established business;
guaranteed .to pay him from, $5 to $10 day;
• experience unnecessary- Call room ' 825,
Phelan building.
WANTED— Partner with $4500 cash; have the"
best . and safest business proposition ever
presented, where large profit will be. made;
don't: answer, unless you mean business; no
agents. Box 2589, Call. ' .
AN Income for the family: dividends that will
please you. Address International Lumber and
Development Co. (asset* $13,000,000), Drex«l
bulldtnr. Philadelphia, Pa. .
$1750— GROCERY tn\ swell residence district
acres, tbj hay; flne stork, .fixtures; living
rooms; rent $15: sales $750 per month; owner
rcthjng. Box 2727. Call office. .
$250 FOR half interest in good paying and
growing. business. 610 Telegraph ave., Oak-
land. ' . ■ : . - • •
GEARY. 7e4^Furnlahed house of 22 rooms;
rent $100; income over rent; $100; bargain.
$275— RESTAURANT; seats SO:- people: trade
$16 per day; a good buy. 1027H Market st
room 2. ■ . —
$550— PARTNER wanted In. saloon and restau- '
rant; cook preferred; a money-maker. 1027 >4
Market «t. -
FOR sale — Grocery and- bar,- with liquor li-
cense. Inquire at li'7 • Silver, st '
FOR sale — Good paying restaurant 2045 Fol-
ROm st. , ,
FOR eale — Fine paying "10c -and 20c vaudeville
theater In city of 10,000. 480 Ellis, room S25.
FOU f*le — A-smsIl 'ffrocery. and bar. Inquire*
||f*ttlK<8 Fifteenth 't.iggtftjgggjgjgggjg
I PARTNER, or tvho!»; ' eaWn nn-1 13 furnished
I rooms; good chance; bargain. 212 IZast st
THE SAX FRANCISCO .CALL', MONDAY, DECEMBER .10. 1904.
BUSI2TESS CHAWCES— Continued. -
A^CAMERO.V & CO Phone South 1030.
3 Kddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all lands of business chances.
For sale — Well-furnished and equipped country
hotel; 5'J rooms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from E. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
■wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
First-class saloon downtown; 2 blocks from
Market st.; rent $70;- well fitted up; receipts
J1S to *25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price $1600. CAMERON
& CO.
FirM-class short-order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$80 per day; flne opportunity to get Al prop-
osition reasonable; best of reason for selling.
CAMERON & CO.
For sale — First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rert:
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17
jvars; fine new stock of goods: has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling: an op-
portunity of a lifetime. See CAMERON tt
CO. J
Harness and saddlery shop, well located: rent
tl2: well stocked: flne wax machine; all
bench tods: everything goes; price $10«)0;
more than value In sight; retiring from busi-
ness. CAMERON Sc CO. , "
Here Is nn opportunity of getting ona cf the
bast groceries and bars in city; flne transfer
corner; downtown and doing ; big busines:
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; receipts average
$1800 to $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reason for selling. CAMERON
& CO.
Exchanges made In all kinds of real astatc
rooming-house and business chances. CAMS-
RON & CO.. 3 Eddy st
For pale — Several good business proposition* for
Investors, such as cigar stores, groceries and
bars, bakeries furnishing goods, merohan-
dl«e, country notels, restaurants and mapy
other propositions too numerous to mention;
would be pleased to have you call and Inspect
our list I CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st
For sale — First-class downtown cigar stora;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.
J. B. OBERLE. * W. H. MASSET.
EAGLE REALTY OFFICE.
230 Kearny St., rooms 1-2. Phone Black 6694.
$3500 — SALOON boarding-house,- SI room*; es-
tablished 20 years; never offered for sale be-
fore; rent $60; lease 3 years. 230 Kearny.
WANTED — Partner with $5000; 14 years in
busln€ss; can double your money in ona year
and can show you that it can be done be-
fore going in. Box 21, South Berkeley.'
WELL located delicacy store for sale: reason,
owner leaving city; good business. 503 Larkin.
WELL established winery, perfectly equipped.
In the city; well surrounded. Box 2630, Call.
FOR sale — Delicatessen stora with living
rooms; low rent; price $700. Box 1396. Call.
PARTY will sell well-paylnc stock In a first-
class building association. Box 2238. » Call.
FOR SALE — Delicacy and home cooking store;
steady boarders; price reasonable. 410 9th st
JAPANESE restaurant and chop housa i for
sale; cheap; leaving city. 19S 2d at.
LIQUOR store and saloon : flna wine cellar: good
lease; good corner. 2808 16th. cor. Howard.
BARBER shop for sale at 461 Seventh «t.,
Oakland; going away.
WE can sell your business for cash. 'National
Business Exchange, 1027^ Market st. r. 2.
$350 — PARTNER wanted In something new;
will pay $200 per month. 1027*4 Market st,
room 2.
$175 — CORNER cigar store; rent $15; will clear
$75 per month. 1027% Market st.
FOR sale — Saloon and restaurant; cheap. Call
831 Howard st.
FOR sale— Saloon with lease. Apply 200 Ninth
Et. from 10 to 3. . .
ROUTE 12, San Francleco Call,- for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office. ;
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
M — — . M
A A
R - — — R
0 . . v o
N ' ■ ■ K
MARION GRIFFIN, .
Q Room 406, Examiner bldg. O
R Telephone Black 3C07. R
1 Free List of . I
F Hotels and Rooming-houses. F
F . We Guarantee Titles. p
I We hav 9 money to lend. . I
N Come and see us. \ • N
—I— *
•—HAVE A—
—HIGH-CLASS PROPOSITION—
— for some enterprising • lady or gentleman —
— of education and refinement —
' — new and modern house of 68. rooms —
— partially furnished — fine furnishings —
— Think of my -rent, $5 per room —
1 — 5-year lease —
— House should clear $300 monthly —
—Price $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN Is my only, agent
— WE—
—ESPECIALLY—
—RECOMMEND TO YOU—
— a 37-room house in a flne location —
— 4 blocks north of Market st —
— Swell entrance —
— Elegantly furnished, right up to the hour —
— Steam heat; hot. and cold water—
— Near _ good restaurants —
— Necessary, oash. S1500.
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent—
—NOW—
will show you— .'^.• v ;. 1
— a reliable little 12-room housa near—
— The Emporium —
Price $400; rent $30; cleared $47 monthly
— for last 9 yean.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406. Examiner bldg.
1. —READ THIS—- 1.
2. — STORY OF a partially furnished house — 2
3. —"A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME"— Z.
4. ■ —As told in this ad of IS lines — 4.
6. . — We want to sell — . 5.
6. — An axiartment house of 160 rooms — 6.
:■ 7.V — Profit steadily $396 monthly — 7.
' -8. ' ' — It's very expensively furnished — 8.
8. — Price $7500. A great bargain — 8.
10. — Long lease. Rent - $750. 10.
11. — You only need $2000 in cash — 11.
12. — We promise to arrange balance — 12
13. —Respectfully, MARION GRIFFIN— 13!
14. • —P. S.— u.
15. — If you do not know — 15.
10. — Our reputation — ' 16.
17. —We shall gladly give you — 17.
W. —BANK REFERENCES— ' 18.
ANT- reasonable offer. buys a 43-room
house nicely located north of Market;
rent $150; clears $175; books open
for examination.
MARION GRIFFIN,' 406 Examiner building.
—SNAP IT QUICK—
—16 rooms for $500 — .,"!.'
— NE. , corner flat — '
— North of Market — nicely- located — -:';-■
— Don't "think" too lone.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bldg
Corner. Sd . and Market
—SLAUGHTER SALE— -V-. ,^-;
> i. - '• - — 21 rooms on • Market it. — :
— Beautifully furnished and ■ flna entrance
Splendid location. If ' you have $500 to - pay
down make your offer " to ■ . ' .
MARION GRIFFIN.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale. He says : ''
"Oet me an. offer on that house. It must
bo sold. There are 30 rooms, . 27 of them
have bay-windows. . The furniture Is flne
Profit $200 monthly." . , . .
MARION GRIFFIN, .office at Examiner bldg.'
. .—Corner -3d and: Market!
PRIVATE •
—SANATORIUM—
— Yen a ' new corner ■ house —
—Centrally ■> located— ' '
■ ■ — Quite beautifully f urniehed— v
— Now full . of ' permanent roomers — ■
—But well adapted — •;•••• ■■■-■--
• — for purposes of a sanatorium—
— Call before Christmas.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 408, Examiner bldg.
. . ' ' : _— -Cor. Cd and Market.
:,'_■■ ,—22 rooms— , "
—Near ' Ellis ■ and ■ Larkin — "
. , — Rent only $70 for 22 ; rooms—" ■. -
— Same ownerfor 15 years; price $1100 —
~", ' —During that
t — time it has
■ . , . — always cleared
— $70 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN, the real eetate a K ent.
- - — room 406.
, • —Examiner,
— buildtnR, 1 .
—3d »and Market
LODGING-HOUSES ?OS SAXE— Cen.
A— CAMERON & CO.— Phone South 1050
: 3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
■ All Kinds of Business Chances.
One of the most complete and elegantly fur-
nished 60- room , straight rooming-house; 15
minutes walk from . Kearny st. ; nothing finer
in city, combined with elegant new modern
building; cheap rent; every room occupied wUh
the beet class of people: clearing . $300 p*r
month, and sickness is only cause of sale; ex-
clusively, with us. •
Here is 14 rooms; Van Ness: furnished In
oak and mahogany; good carpets; all full:
o'urs"* nloe Httl ° «alary every month; It Is
•..^r 8 *" 01 * 8 " '^vestment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 In 46-
room house; rent only $123 per month: choice
location on Sutter st; always full; best of oak
rurnlture: good carpets: sickness only reason
for selllnc .
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6-room
flat; Sloane fitted It up « months ago and cost
considerable over 1800; think of the rent, only
$-j per month; choice location; big snap; $400.
« W t,M T * 1S beautifully furnished rooms In
flne block on Post st ; full nicest kind of room-
*![*' p* w and modern- throughout; brings in
.nice income; furniture in oak. birdseye maple;
velvet and Axminster carpets; cost $1800 to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain '.
12 rooms;, fine block on Sutter; rent only $55;
water free; oak furniture, moquet and Brus-
sels carpets; nice little homa; $700.
_J°« can't . beat this beautifully furnished,
l(K>-room, downtown house; carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electrio lights,
steam heat; In fact, everything modern and
up to date;- long lease; cheap rent; owner leav-
?ir snap; 81-roonr -apartment-house; rent
? n i y * 4 per room: well ■ furnished and olearing
$90 per month; will" only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $950.
This speaks for Itself; 15 rooms, furnished In
oak; new carpets, and- full to tha roof with
good people, which brings In profit of $75 per
month; sickness compels sale.
Grand, new,- modern apartment- house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly, furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent: only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny. st; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $600 per month; always full; best clas3 of
people; a' bargain can be had If taken at once.
Golden opportunity to get nice 7-room flat;
rent only $40; water, garbarge and janitor
service free; mahogany and oalc furniture; car-
pets body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $800;
now $450; obliged to- leave city.
Here Is 16 good rooms, close In, with 3 rooms
not furnished, but nra all full and pays $50
per ■ month above all expenses; owner taking
larger house; price $1030.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish. .
14 sunny-rooms, close In: rent only $60 per
month; some new carpets; everything nice and
clean and pays well; price $900; $400 down,
balance time; a flna chance.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, -.with good fur-
niture and carpets: rent only $05; must dispose
next ten days; make offer.
First-class family hotel on Nob Hill: 80
beautifully furnished rooms; all full and doing
a good business, but • must leave city; only
with »js. ' \
"We have a number- of special bargains in
flats of 6 to 10 rooms; new and modern; can
be had for less than half oost to furnish; must
be, sold, either account of sickness or de-
parture.
: Hava i large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade alawys on hand. '
A.- CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
H. C. DECKER......... 906 MARKET ST.
H. »C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531.
SQUARE "DBALINO— CLEAR TITLES.
OFFICE OPEN 8. A. M. TO 9 P. M.
Over 28 years selling houses In this city.
MONEY TO ; LOAN ON; ANY HOUSE.
. - j See ths Following' Bargains:- ■—•■•
20 r.; elegantly furnished; . transient. . . .$1500
24 r. ; Market st. ; good investment 1650
16 r.; on one 'floor: transient; rent $80. . 600
8r.; Mission st. ; good buy. 1 400
120 r.: modern hotel; first-class location. 12.000
10 r.; house; new furniture .'... 600
190 r.; clears $750; only $5000 cash needed.
186 r. ; apartment; clears $400 month 7500
160 r. ; new . apartment-house ; offer wanted.
19r.: rent $75; only $250 cash. ;....... . 750
24 r.; all light and sunny; rent $60 1400
26r.; Market st; .snap.. .."......,. 2500
25 r.; up-to-date hotel: swell location.. 3200
20r.; genuine- bargain; Turk St.. 100O
9 r. ; McAllister-' st. ; modern flat 350
27 r.; clears $150; downtown 2250
40-r. house; only 2400
10-r.house; new furniture;.. 600
27-r. house on Post St.. .'..'. 2000
25 r.; rent $60; choice location 1600
15 r.; near Stooktoj and Sutter sts...... 1200
8 r. ; sunny corner: north of • Market st 400
100 r. ;: always rented ; clears $400.. 8500
103 r.: apartment; clears ?4<X> a month.. 8000
12 r. ; Turk and Taylor sts.; transient.. 750
20 r.: transient; close to -theaters 1000
19 r.; rent. ?75; only $250 cash 750
10 r.; Ellis; elesant furniture & carpets fiOO
14 r.; new furniture & carpets; bargain. 850
15 r.; Larkin st; sunny corner.... 850
87 r.; Ellis; st; nice location; elegant.. 4000
11 r.; O'Farreirst; close In... ; 550
7-r. flat; Ellis rt : only 250
Please call at my office for, prices and loca-
tions -of these and many other choice .houses;
allbargalns; also bargains in real estate, busi-
ness places, exchanges, etc. .
H; C. DECKER. 906 Market st, cor. Stockton.
MITCHELL A CO..
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE -2981.
Rooming and apartment-houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
A— 16 ROOMS; O'Farrell; rent $S0: for ..$1100
21 rooms; Post; rent $90; only... $1200
Wa absolutely guarantee titles.
A— 83 rooms; new apartments; rent only $6
per room; 2-3 rooms and bath each; this is a
golden opportunity; see It and you will like
ft. MITCHELL & CO., exclusive agents.
LODGING-HOUSE near Geary and Jones sts
Very central; will sell reasonable. Box 1496
Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE, 12 rooms; -all full; in good
location; cheap. 784^4 Harrison et.
81 -ROOM house in ■ manufacturing district;
price $900. Box 1597.. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 18 rooms. 834
Foleom st ■ . . • .
UPPER flat, finished attic; modern: 18 room7:
rent $00. Corner Laguna and O'FarreU sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements ana subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS. :
A— EXTRAORDINARY OPPolRTUNITx r ~^'
1 ' To Consult
— RICHARD. MA YO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week.
• No charge unless satisfactory. ' ,
■ , You can be. the Judge.
. At a glance, before. you have a chanoe to
utter ona word, he will tell you what you
.came for and what you want. to know. Ha
will tell you your name, your age, occupa-
'tlon. His descriptions of your friends and
. enemies are as real > as though they slood
before you. > > .
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs
troubles, marriages,'- restorea lost affections,
reunites- the reparated,settles lovers' quarrels
-. ' TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
, And how to . WIN the man or woman you
, love, and how. to make your husband or w If a
. be true: to, you,* and; how to overcome all
your. enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you, and how to DE-
VELOP i PERSONAL f MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS. ' '
■ Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable
• • - ; Ellis ■ St.— 421 A — Ellis • St. , ,
• - Hours — 10 a. m. : to 8 p." m. _ Private .flat -
MME.- M. • BERNARD,*, the famous . clairvoyant
.-. and business medium, is located at 17- Third
st, near -Market. She reads your life cor-
, rectly. gives accurate, description of the past
present and future; greatest* living adviser on
- all affairs In : life; as : a' proof of her psychic
• . power 'she will, tell you -what yoii called for
FREE of charge;. $5 reading this week, Jl;
satisfaction ; guaranteed. .' . . :.-.
LIVINGSTONE,
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR .'A' RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
. VOYANT- READING." CONSULT
- ■'-•LIVINGSTONE. -
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY' AT-
'- - TENDANT. 26^ . KEARNY. ST.
MRS. ■ SHAFFER.' clalrvoy ant," card ■ reader, ha?
/.returned: sittings dally. -108 Cth et. J ,rooms 1-2."
MRS. BAUMANN, the well'-known fortune-
teller, is now . at 317 Ellis st •
CSAIBVOYAITTS— Continued.
ATTENTION
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clairvoyant.
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed; she will fhow.ycu how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future: satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st
MME. LYNN. 230 Powell St., parlors 1 and 2—
The natural born occult medium, psychic j
and clairvoyant of - the Orient; har famous-
$2 readings this week for 50c: gives business
and personal readings daily and guarantees
satisfaction.
MME. M. BERNARD reads your life correctly, |
gives an accurate description of the pas.t
present and future; the greatest living ad-
viser on all nffaln» in life: never failed to
give satisfaction; 25o up. 17 Third st, next
Examiner .building.
ISMAR, Egyptian seerees.-The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco.- Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 P. m. : Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER! clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present future: 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full Ufa read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st, clatrvoyan;.
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; $1; hours. 10 to 8.
MME KKONENBKRG. palmist, clairvoyant
card reader: when others fail try me; read-
ings 25?. 324 O'Farrell St.; tel. Red 6537.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted; clair. and palm.:
reveals love, marriage, busfness. etc. ; L. 50c :
G. $1; hours 10 to 9: names. 714 Franklin st
spntrrpAiii8M.
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
Ufa reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 303 Lar-
kin, room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CARPET BEATIWO AND CI.EA1TI2IO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F._ Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market st;
phonea Main 1S2 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO. : phone Mission 225. .
COUNTRY newspaper properties for sale:
dally, weekly. W. F. CORNELL £ CO.. 518
Sacramento st
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st— Flrst-clasa
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & Cp.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel. Mission 2C3.
CSEDIT CXOTHZSBS.
C. F. A DAMS CO. . 318 Mason St.— Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have it charged.
CI.OTHI1TQ BENOVATIITO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
' dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or countrv. Pacific Collection Co., 413
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 35S0.
DEHTIST3.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; filllngs,50c;
plates, $0; full set; all work painless and
warranted. • Chicago Dental Parlors, 2* Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting/ 5Oc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor.Bush —
Set teeth, $1 BO up; crowns, $2 up;flllings.25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
. paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst,r.l4,l*t
floor. Phelan bid. ,806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
DKESSMAKES3^AH[DSEAM£TBE3«:S.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
DRESSMAKER wants engagements in private
families; price $1 75 per day. 1852 Ellis st.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
DETECTIVES.
DETECTIVES — Experienced female detective
wishes work from ' private parties: Al ref-
erences; reasonable rates. Box 2742. Call.
EDUCATIONAL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO
BARBER COLLEGE. 741A Howard st.
Was established Dec. 10, 1S95, and is now
entering on its 10th year; it is the oldest In-
stitution of the kind in California, and thou-
sands of graduates of this college are to-day
earning a good Income, either on salary, per-
centage or as their own boss.
Mr. W. H. Dunnagan, the proprietor. Is
always alert and has kept pace with all the
latest appliances In the tonsorial line; he
has lately added to the school an electrical
face massage machine for massaging the
face and ' scalp.
Ladles and gentlemen axe taught the art
of barberlng and halrdressing In 8 weeks.
- By our new method students are given an
opportunity to almost make the amount of
their tuition before leaving the college. , The
only barber college in the world where stu-
dents have an Income from the beginning.
Don't fall to call and inspect our college
when In San Francisco.
Send for our catalogue.
A— THE Lyceum; an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,^
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post st, S. F. ; civil, mining/electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; ' new, large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st
Established 1863; largest In the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches. $5 mo. ; 47 les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi-
tion; Indlv. lnstruc. West Bus.Col.,1281 Mkt
CLASSES In short story writing and Journalism
meet on Hon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable. . ■
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LKGK, ' 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar. |
mandolin, banjo. 522 Eddy st • j
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledge,
- with TARR. expert. 217- Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 par month;
vocal lessons $1. 82S Halght st.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584" Market — Posl-
tlont». shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hin-
Y man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
' . sonally. Miss M. O. Barrett; 302 Montgorn'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ' Day and
I PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine Bt— Night class.
CHEAPEST, and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 1$ pages, sent to any address In the
- United States or Canada one year for $1.«- :
EMPLOYMERT OPTICES. \
' A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. ■ Tel. James 5231.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
■■ . Chinese help. 4*^6 Powell st. : tel.' Main 5732.'
RELIABLE t Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
/ flee; all: kinds help. "ir»; Stockton; Main 5188,.
1 CHINESE .and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
\\ Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EDUCATED English lady 7* ls . h «^ I ,S n *M_b
ment as experienced nurse to Invalid • hlgB
references in city and Los An 5*' e ,»l box
assist in necdle-aork or house duties. Box
21t!5, Cal! o!flce.__
XTbcOKKEJEPER cashier. younK !?<**,!..*_**
pert accountant: quick, accurate; all ™ de ™
systems: highe-t references; last position a
years. Box 2CC2. Call office.
GERMAN woman"^Thousecteanlng torthln
week: $1 day. Address MRS. V .. » k^d
st. off Folsom. between Third and Fourtn.
In rear; top, floor. .
i WANTED— By a competent woman, work ft
I any kind by the day. MRS. C. M. H.. 400
Harrison st. ______
ARTISTIC~dres7rnaker would like **S*X* m * n }. 9 t
by the day; $1 50; dresssa altered: perfect nt
guaranteed. Box 2CC4. Call office^
WOMAN~~w'ants wcrlTby tha day:^laundry or
housework. Address Laundress. Call brancn.
SCO Hayes st __
FINNISH girl wishes place to do housework.
23K Terry st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; cook and ligh't house-
work. Apply 629 Clay »t. after 11 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means,
wants to go In good steady homo; '" r «* 1 >
dishes or other light work; Is a good plain
cook; carfare. $2 50 week. : Address 106T4
Third st. room 25. flrrt flight.
EXPERIENCED nurs« In confinement would
like engagements ; thoroughly competent to
take full charge of patient and child. MRS.
BULL. S13 Fall st
PROFESSIONAL nurse wishes work by tha
day or part of day; specialist In diet; water
treatment;' massage; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress 1422 Geary st; teL Plna 3259. . . »-'■
EXPERIENCED Parisian dreasm aker would
like a few more day engagements: perfect
work guaranteed; $2 par day. Box 2513.
Call office.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements, con-
finement. Invalids; cheerful, painstaking,
reliable; references: moderate terms. MRS.
KING. 1159 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED Parisian dressmaker would ,
like a few more day engagements: perfect
work truaranteed; $2 50 per day. Box 2513.
Call office. ■ i
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the day. washing. Ironing and cleaning-. $1 50
day. Box' 2577. Call.
A COMPETENT woman would like general
housework cleaning or washing by the day.
Address box 2754. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
hous«cleanlnB; $1 50 and carfare. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st
RF.SPKCTABLE, middle-aged lady. d«slring
quiet home, would like housekeeping. MRS.
W. B. H.. 730 Fifth st, Santa Rosa.
RESPECTABLE young lady with 6-year-ol<S
boy would like position as housekeeper. K.
P. W.. 2512 Railroad ave., Alameda.
■
WANTED — By middle-aged Protestant woman,
situation: private family: good homa more
than high wages. Address box 2O0S, Call.
WANTED — By colored woman, situation as
cecond girl or general housework. 222 East
Fifteenth st. East Oakland.
WOMAN wishes housework by the day or nurs-
ing. 725 Brannan St.. bet. Cth and 7th.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
housekeeper. Box 2163, Call.
TWO Finnish girls would like a position at
general housework. 322 Fremont st.
A GIRL wishes place to take care of children
or assist In light second work. Call 1 Polk.
GERMAN rirl wants work In kitchen or any
other kind of work. 164 Fourth st
JAPANESE girl wants position to do cooklr.s,
washing, housework. $5 up a week. YOSHI
417 Jones st; tel. Hyde 1675.
EMPLOYMIHT WA~TED— MAI.E.
AA — A STEADY, sober, useful man wishes po-
sition; gardener, milk, good horseman and
driver handy with tools; good references.
Box 2026. Call office. = -.. , . -
BRIGHT, honest young man of seventeen years
wishes to work In a wholesale house; best of
references. Box 2166. Call office.
.
YOUNG man wants place to attend to old
gentleman, lady or Invalid and do other work
In private house. Box 2208, Call office.
MECHANICAL engineer: competent to taka
charge; years of experience; 40 years of age-
Box 2021. Call office.
PIANO player wants position; ragtime, spe-
cialty. Box 2004. Call office.
UPHOLSTERER wishes employment In a
hotel. 1858 Eighth it. West Oakland.
SALESMAN, cloaks or furniture, wishes a
position. 5 C. L.; 219 Leavenworth st.
FRENCH cook with first-class references, baa
honorabillty, wants situation in a private
family or boarding-house; please state
wages. Address G. RESSENCOURT, 611
Stockton st. . v^VV.'-*
PHOTOGRAPHER— Smart young man with
come knowledge of photography seeks situa-
tion with photographer. Inside or outside;
speaks Italian and French. Box 2001. Call.
RELIABLE, sober, steady, trustworthy bar-
tender wants to work In a reliable vlace;
wages no object; wants steady work. Box
2154, Call office. fi
YOUNG man, 18. wishes position In' office;
Christian, honest willing, quick: can be
useful In any office capacity. -Willing, box
2791. Call. -v,
POSITION wanted by a young college grad-
uate from East, with manufacturing con-
cern; can furnish references and bond If
necessary. I->- A. GARY, 1523 Stanton st..
Alameda. Cal.
FURNITURE and hardware packer, under-
stands shipping and handy with tools, wants
a steady position: wages $2 75 per day.
Box 2174, Call of flea.
WANTED — A situation by a good sober engi-
neer familiar with Corliss and other Kakes of
engines, air compressors, dynamos) and mo-
tors; good references. . Box 236?. Call office.
EDUCATED boy. aged IS. and willing to work,
wishes position evenings In soma store dur-
ing the holiday season. Address box 2959,
Call office.
WANTED — A position' by man to a*t up and
connect stoves by day or Job; city reference.
Box 2216. Call office.
YOUNG intelligent man and wife. Scandinav-
ian, want positions 1 ; single or together; low
wages. Box 2C96. Call office.
WANTED — Collections: weekly or monthly. In
Oakland and vicinity. Box 157S. Call, Oak-
land.
YOUNG man, 17 years old. wishes clerical
position; can operate typewriter: am now
learning shorthand evenings. Box 2170. Call.
CAPABLE man wants situation to work in a
wlno cellar or liquor store; can tend bar
Phone Hyde 1611. •
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wishes .peti-
tion; graduate commercial school. Box.227S
Call office. .
TEN years' experienced draughtsman and sur-
veyor wishes position for railroad company-
city or country. / 762 McAllister st.
*—
A LANDSCAPE Kanlener wants place to do
planting or DUt in new lawn: first-class
work. Address GARDENER. 217 Minna st
GARDENER wants position on private place:
married: no children:' beat, of references; 9
years on last place. Box 2C57. Call office.
JAPANESE good boy who can do plain cookln-
wants position as a schoolboy or to do house,
work In nice family. RINO KIPADA Japa-
j nese Mission. .22 Prospect' place.
j JAPANESE first-class Iaundryman wishes po-
sition In a family or hotel. I. Y., 602 Ehi-
pont st. ■ » •
A JAPANESE wants housework or help In
kitchen; wages $3 or $4 a week. S. • SUGI-
NOTO. 420 Powell st.
JAPANESE boy wants I position to do house-
work. K. TAYA, 546 Haight st; phone Page
3028. ..- V .--;'. •-.•;.-"■•■-. .
[ AN honest Japanese wants < afternoon work. 4
to 8; waiter or kitchen help; housework. R.
WADA._ 031 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE wishes a situation -as schoolboy;
housework: make bed.. NICHIDE.- S07 Polk.
JAPANESE boy wants position art helper to
baker: pay. $20 month. Address 518 Jessie.
A JAPANESE uchcol boy. very fine family
cook; wages. $1. M.. 2316 California st
AN honest Japanese boy wants work; any kind
of store or factory. S. RAY. 830 Sacramento.
YOUNG Chinese - wishes position as cook In
I'anlly. Call at Sang Wo Sang & Co. 's. 613
: Jackson st ; ■, . _
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants, position
.-in family. LEE. 714 .Washington st.
A ■ FIRST-CLASS ChlriesW* cook wants- posltloa
' In family. LEE, 714 ■ Washington * st
EMPIOYMXST WAICTEP— -M»la---Coa
! ZZZH
A FELLOWCT.AFT, SO yea— .wants work of
any kind except canvassing; has had «
years" experience as a watchman. W. e.
D.. 124 Eureka at.. S. F.
W ANTED— Situation by a young colored man
as butler or janitor or presser. 110p Camp-
bell st. Oakland. Cal.
FRENCHMAN, first-class barber, not speaking
English wants small place In city or coun-
try; speaks Spanish. Box 2909. Call.
MARRIED man desires position on ranch;
rtock preferred. Box 2217. Call office.
SACK sewer and sack tender would l!k« post-
tlon. FRANK VAROAS. 523 Pacific st
rmajrczAi-
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,800,000 fv>
Surplus 940,901 84
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office — No. 14 &»nsom» st*
San Francisco. CaL
COMPANIES formed : mining or patents: stook
sold: strona- Eastern connections: advic* fre*.
Write A. T. HARA6ZTHT, 523 Cro—l«r bMy.
ritATS TO XJBT.
A— HOUSES and flats to Itt: aa loaou Uni
service absolutely fre •: take adrantag* of
this department; It will sav« you time aac
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-33 O*ary
st. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and Sats to let; erery <!»-
■irabl* vacant place In San Francisco 09
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and tha locality; "w«
do th« rest" Sterling Furlturo Com pan/.
1CS9 Market st. opp. McAllister.
NEW. sunny, artistically finished flats oa
Van Ness ar*.. near Francisco st. contain-
ing 3 to lf> rooms: rents ranging from 133
to $35. VON RHEIN Real Estats Co.. IU
California st. . '
NETV swell fiats; every possible latest eonvani'
ence; close to main entrance to Park; S car
lines: one runs all night; rent $27 50 t»
$32 50. 7th ave.. nr. Fulton st: open II to 4.
AN et'sant sunny corner flat will b* vacat«d
the --M. : 6 rooms and bath; must be- seen to
be appreciated: rent $40. Inquire 799 Cola
St.. cor. Frederick.
HOWARD. 2815— Lower flat of 8 rooms ana
bath; rent $22 SO; warm belt of Mission; na
fog. 1 ■_.
A SUNNY corner 6-room flat; bath: basament;
half block, from Market st; Eighteenth and
Castro at car*. SO45 Seventeenth »t ■
XOE, 1052. corner Elizabeth — Sunny corner up-
per flat; new; 6 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements; convenient to S-ith-Castro can.
ELEGANT new UDDer 6-room. or . lower 3
room flat: rent low. 1244 10th ave. Sunset
district.
MOD REN flat 7 sunny rooms; bathroom: 2
attic rooms and basement 1428 Green •*...
near Van Nesa av».
A SUNNY furnished «-roora flat. 3(578 Six-
teenth st. near Castro, after ft p. m. : raf-
erences exchanged.
NEW upper flat of 6 rocms: every 1 convenience;
$22 50. Apply 1321 Treat ave. ; key la
grocery.
ELEGANT sunny 4-room flat 179O Halght
at.. Golden Gate Park.
MISSION, 2721 — Upper, sunny, modern flat, «
rooms, bath, basement and yard.
A CLEAN, sunny flat, 4 rooms, yard; adults;
$12 50. Inquire 11 11 A Jones st.
FELL, n»ar Fillmore — 2 new Cats; T rooms
and bath each; $40 and $45.
FLAT — Six rooms with bath; modern. 57 Her-
mann st. Junction Valencia and Market.
FLAT 4 rooms: yard: gas; rent $12. 1319*4
Leavenworth at
HYDE. 2646 — Mod«rn flat. « room* snd bath;
gas and electricity: marlpe view; rent $25.
MODERN upper flat: newly tinted: 5 room*
and bath; rent $231 269 14th. near Mission.
NEARLY n«w upper flat. 4 rooms and bath.
336 Tehama st
PINE^ — 3023. near Lyon — Desirable upper flat;
new and modern; rent reasonable.
LARGEST Hut of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON & HOAG.' 116 Montgomery st
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms; rent $22 50. 1S17 Pow-
ell tt.
TO LET— 4 rooms and bath; $18. 434 Fair •
Oaks st. .
PEATS TO I~T — ~T~fcan,3H~D.
EX.EGANTLY furnished fat. B rooms and
bath; new piano, gas and coal range; rent
$40. 3650 Seventeenth st.
FURNISHED flat, flve rooms, bath, gas; warm
belt of Mission. Address box 207S, Call.
NICELY furnished flat.. S sunny rooms; n*
children: private. 426 Tehama st.
roja -rrntjiB j__p.
FOR »le — Modern flat. 6 rooms and bath; fur-
niture In good condition. 319 Jones st.
$150^-COMPLETEt.Y furn. flat.! 4 room* an4
bath: rent $13; nr. Panhandle. Box 20«6; Call.
PINE. 732 — Five sunny r. and b. : well fur. :
rent $25; sell or trada for small bustnssa.
A MODERN sunny upper flat of llarv rooms
completely furn. 4 months ago. 917 Jones..
VTJLVB WA —TCP.
WANTED — Flat or 8- room apart— ent: on*
room north window; Western • Addition:
adults. Box 223S. Call office.
TUSH XT XT' >B WAX TAD.
"WTTLI, GET YOU71 BUSINESS"— ~ > pay
the most money for furniture, earpats. offlc*
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARX J.
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market st. b»-
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
ABB LEVtT ~~*
Salesroom ; 1135 Market st Tal. Jasat* 7*1.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets. offlc« fup-
nlture. etc.. until you get hla eetrmaf.
WHJj pay 20 per cent more for furnltnra- than
dealers or will sell on com mtssioa. _ It.
BURP, anc. 1636 Market: phone Jassta 2338.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission rt.. b»-
fore. aelllnr your furniture. Phone Ked 44B3.
T UJU1 1TU_~ ~O~> **,Yi~
ALMOST given away: storage piano*, fnrnl-
ture. dirt cheap to> pay storage. Whltehead'a
Storage; open evenings. 163s Market st
HENRY MAYER pays highest price* for fur^-
altar*, carpets, ate 782 Mission: tal. Buma SIS
~C~mVTA CUSS.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cur*; a trial treat- *
ment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st
HBTiP WAITTED— r_34___,
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCK NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAT. LEVISTRAU83 A CO.. »^
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. XOTH AND CLAT STS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS OS
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIE— CB NECES-
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAT. '
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
A — 25 EXPERIENCED operators on tadleV
waists and suits; paid by the week: none but
experienced need apply. 636 Mission st.
third floor. Tj8BMftFang)BS»^w
LADIES 'wanted ''to learn barber trade; ontjr
elgh*- weeks required: waf« earned wht:*
learning. MOLER BARBER- COLLEGE.
CK> Sacramento st
A— OPERATORS on ladiea' waists.. «5«~Mis^
s Ion »t.. third floor.
A— OPERATORS to take work home. 6S«
_ Mission st, third. floor.
GIRL to care for two children ; «!s— > boms;
wages $12. 300 Baker st. cor.- Ml.kM- THE QLL am KNDER Y@U THIS StPVICE
. HTI.P WA2TTED— rEMAI^-OonttDUed.
.INVALID'S nurs*; refereoces required $40
Nurse for 2 children $30
. < 'ook for small American family In dty... $30
Nurse for 1 child $25
' . Cook with socne knowledge of O>nnan cook-
Inr $35
. 20 bouse-*-ork girls for rood city and country
pla-ees) .- $20 to $25
• Waitress for boardiwr-house $25
; •-y- MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st
THE ROMA YN- SHIRK Register Renting aad
Adv. Co.. C12-0I3 Grant bids;. 7th and Mar-
k*t; South 104.
•. * Two experienced ea]esia4les $? to $10 week.
Saleslady. «xr>r.. curio stor^ good place.
Waitress, city hotel. $20 mo. and found.
Girl, wrapping fine wire on batteries, $25.
Girl, . general housework. 3 in family, • $20.
Girl, very light housework, very easy, $15 mo.
Fourteen otW housework plaoes. $20 to $S5.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslag.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 wke; tuition $5 to those entering now; 3
. positions to fill Immediately; positions guar-
anteed at 110 wk. up; only reoocnlsed school
of Its kind on coast; day and eve. classes.
2S3 Qearr St.. room 18.
WANTED — Girls to learn mllltnery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
• ts finish la cne month for $5; positions' as '
. trimmers, salesiadiea, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7, positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A — PACTFIC College teaches hairdresslns;.
xoBSlcorins. electrio majam+ge, etc ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized collage of Its kind on ooast; day
and evening d&aeee; all parlor work at re-
■ 6nced prtoaa. LS3 Powell st.
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced corset
FH)esla£y; on* capable of taking charge of
nock. Arp!y betweea 9 and 11 a. m. at
. HALE BROS.' . '
WANTED — Bright youcg women to sell toys.
Apjrtv between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
V." AN "I "EX) — Young woman who Is an experi-
enced rlor« fitter. Apply between 9 and 11
11 ra. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Younr women to sell toys. Apply
»*tween 9 and 11 a. .m. at HALB BROS.'
. <Inc.)
TOY ea!esla£les wanted. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HA.LE BROa*
•REFTAURANT waitress; good pay. 631 Clay
street.
WANTED— A good wa'.st trimmer. MRS. M.
G. ALLEN. 964 Edgy ft. -
sjsateur performers. Apply at
Chutee. 6 p. ra. Wednesday; salary no object
'COMPETENT rlrl for cooking and downstairs
work immediately. 2121 Jackson st
WANTED— First-class tailoress. C85 Bush st.
WANTED — Coattaaker. €62 O«ary "t
WANTED — First-class manicure for barber-
ebop. 2O0 Market st. ' jgr*. '<
LAJJIEJ? ' ti-» do Diecework home; we furnish
materials anfl pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
«UtHi3?ed envelope ■ to ROYAL CO., 34 E.
.Monroe et.. Oiicaco.
WANTED — A middle-aged woxoaa as a house-
keeper In a email family of 3 adults; wages
$15; a good *:-»i2y borne. Address F. R-,
Tuolumne, Cal.
LADIES, earn f20 per 100 writing short let-
ter* ■ rend ttan-.pcl envelope for particulars.
IDEAL MFG. CO., Cassopolls. Mich.
-WOMAN with knowledge of business: perma-
" aent position and opportunity for advance-
roent. Box 2l:». Call.
• LADIES for etfady home employment; $6 and
F12 weekly. Ezama Spreckels bliig.. 027 Mar-
ket st., room C18.
LADIES. 530 1000 copying letters; no mailing
to friends or furnishing addresses. U. 8.
Adv. Co.. D»pt 202, Chicago.
LADIES having «mbroiderie*, Battecberg.
Jrawn work to sell: also order work. La-
. J;**- Exchange, 34 Monroe. Chicago.
WANTED— Chocolate dipper; $10 to $12 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO., Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh st
WANTED — A irood, steady girt for general
' housework. 10S5 Valencia fit.
WAN'TED — A good, steady Scotch girl for
housework: rood home. 10H5 Valencia «t
. A SECOND girl. $5 p*r week. 432 Capp sti'
"VVAN'TED— Experienced girt to Jcg paper In
prtettac office. Apply 10 Main st, 8d floor.
WANTED— Salesladies for walrts. skirts and
rMldren'* coa.ta. Box 2163. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as cook: 2 la family;
n<>ar Youatville. Call at 925 Valencia et ■
HELP WAHTID — WATjTJ. ,;': :
THE IiOSIAYN -SHIRK Register. Renting and
A<Jv. Co. €12-613 Grant bldg.. 7th and Mar-
ket; S^ath 104.
Young man, 20 to 25 years, exp. stock clerk
carpet Opt., to learn carpet talesman; fine
chance for bright young man; 1-50 mo. start.
Phoe talesman, steady position. $J8 50 week.
Watchmaker, bench hand, steady job.
Gent's furnishiiur and clothing men.
. Plar.o t-alezman. nice Inside Jib. steady.
'Neat, artlve, energetic young man, good poel-
tlon. $10 week to etart: call eerlr.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
Ccafiucttd en strictly business principles.
Positions necured for ;
Office rata. .'Bookkeepers.
Stenographers. Collectors.
. Travelinir salesman. Accountaat.
Office managers. Railroad clerks.
Fhipplrur clerks. Bill clertos.
Law office clerks. Hotel clerks.
General office men In all lines businecs.
?,C2 Starr King bldg.. 121 Gtary et
POSITIONS FOR THE NEW TEAR.
Hi*h -grade salesmen, of flea and technical
men, oeeklajr pocitions, will find It to their
advantage to investigate our plan. Whether
Mr.pieyed' er unemployed, we can interest
you. Cails received dally for men for de-
cirab> positions In mercantile aad technical
, line*. Our ' charges are moderate and our
responsibility 2s open to your Investigation.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY,
«H>-»6 gtarr King bldg.. 121 Geary et.
THB NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Architectural -draughtsman, city, $75.
Driver wagen, city, rood pay.
f-::.F>-hR.rc rainers, Nevada. $90.
Young man for brewery, #20. -
Aftst. for photo studio, good chances.
• Utr.er mechanic fpipe fitter), good pay.
. Ptenosrrapfcer ' and ' office asst.. good pay.
. Other opw.imrs. Call at office.
Cl Third st Suite 9-10
AT I10RD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Acent». 95 Third st.
Man for camp corral, bay chore, " $35 found.
Choreman. take care 3 cows and 1 horse,
also deliver tnilk,-$lf> and found, city.
Solicitor, tta and coffee, city, good induce-
ments. • - .
Man for <*.yt house, $15 to $20. experienced.
WANTED — A young man to work on floor of
- dlnrns-room In restaurant, act as bus bay.
etc.: one of ■ some . experience required ; $8 a
week an3 increase. J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
€28 ftacratsento st.
POULTRY man and wife. $50 and found: and
othere. J. F. CROSETT A CO:. 62S Sacra-
mento st. . ;
• ANDRE'S ofticf. 317 Stockton et— Gardener
fcr the country. tW and found; waiters,
Nevada Co.. (30; dishwasher, $30; cook and
wife. $100. etc
MAN under 35 from San Francisco or vicinity
10 prepare for coming Railway • Mall' Oerk
examination; ir.ar.y cood appointments; . ex-
ceptional op«alng. W. L. COFFEY. Jlpr. S.
F. Agency Interetate Schools. 465 Parrott bg.
BARBER fhop tor rale; acconat of other bosl-
neFS. 729 Mlrslon st
BARBERS — Journeymen barbers of local 148.
. isk* notice — There will be election of officers
for the ensuing year Monday evening. Dec.
IS. All must be present. Fine of $1 will be
enforced if not present. By order of the
executive board. JOS. R. BLEILY. sec
MEN — The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade la 8 weeks; wages
■earned while learning.
New quarters aad new appliances.
• Call or write for Illustrated catalogue. -
Moler Barber College, 013 Facrameato ■ st
- Lately moved from Clay.-st
WANTED — Responsible man to manage an of-
fice and «3!Btr1buUnsr depot for large manu-
facturing concern: salary $150 per month and
commissions; applicant must have good ref-
erences and $2000; capital secure. Address
fjupt. B23 West 12th st, Chicago.
BOOKKEEPER and all-round offlce maa, who
has tSOO to Invest will receive one-half In-
terest In a Tsell established and profitable
business; ealary a«*ured. $100 a month. Ad-
. tfnee* box 2248. Call . office,
WAKTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed ' Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, bas
' added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
'VANTED — Young man to sell gents* furnish-
ing goods. Apply betweea 9 and 11 a, m. at
HALT? EROS.' J
HELP •WABTTED— MAJJ?— OontlnneA.
MURRAY & READY. 634-633 Clay st
__ Phone Main 6848.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: - THB
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
_,Leadlng limploj-ment and Labor Arenta.-
We cave la 1803 1804 we hope to
CO,0Cx> men work. Increase 60.000
12 ranch hands. $26 and $30 and found. '
8 pruners. $2« and $30 and found.
6 dairymen, $30 and $40 and found.
Foreman for a brickyard, boss her*.
Tinsmith. $3 to $4 day.
5 BAILMAKERfi. $4 DAY.
Dyer and cleaner. . 6 apprentice boys.
Marker and distributor, southern laundry.
S15 week.
'•-""ii;- '-' ■' MARRIED. :.'>,:.';
Cook and wife, kitchen work, country. $80 fd.
Ceok and wife. mine. Nevada: *55 found.
MUker and wife. Portuguese. $40 found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
8 hotel cooks. $M, $40, $30 aad fouad.
• Porters, bell and elevator boys.
MURRAY A READY. 634-6S6 Clay st
TO-DAY.
CROWDS GOING. ARE YOTJf
COAL MINERS— OREGON— COAL MINERS
OREGON— COAL MINERS— OREGON.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 -Clay st
LOOK FOREMENt
Working grade foreman, near city; $2 M toy.
FOREMEN.
Steam shovel foreman: handle gang of men
around steam shovel; boss here; $100 month.
LOOK!
Quarry, limestone, foreman, familiar la
the use of dynamite and air drill.
$50 PER WEEK.
Rock foreman; government work; $3 50 day.
4 STABLEMEN— J50 TO $60.
1 laborers near city; $1 75 day,
LOOK!
Camp cook. $40: waiter, earn* place, $20.
8 boys for telephone switches, etc.; $4 to $5
week.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st
APPROVED BY GOVERNOR,
February 14, 1003.
HERE IS THE LAW.
. READ IT.
Read first time January 18, 1903.
It Is ualawful la the STATE OF CALI-
FORNIA for any person, firm, corporation
or. association pursuing, for profit to receive
directly or Indirectly any money or other
valuable consideration from any person seek-
ing employment for the REGISTERING OF
. HIS or HER NAME. The position must be
actually furnished — NOT REGISTRATION. I
Respect fully,
MURRAY & READY, C34-636 Pay st
8 CARPENTERS, boss h«re. $8 to $3 50 day.
BOOKKEEPER,
Typewriter, stenographer country, $40 M.
Cook's helper for a mine, $80 found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay rt.
WE WANT ~
MEN AND WOMEN
TO LEARN
THE BARBER TRADE COMPLETELY. IN
EIGHT WEEKS. WAGES EARNED
WHILE LEARNING.
It is a light, honorable and profitable trade
and furniehes steady employment all the year
around at good wages. You can open a barber
shop for yourself for less money than any
other business, and no other business pays
as large a dividend on the money invested.
We have been established twelve years In
all the large cities, and In San Francisco for
the last six years. Our reputation is widely
known, as our graduates are located all over
the United States.
Do not be misled by a similarity of names,
as all other so-called barber colleges are Im-
itators. We are the original and only Moler
Barber Collce in the State.
We have lately moved from Clay st. to larger,
better and more convenient quarters at 047.
C4'.« and 651 Sacramento st, where we have
newly fitted and added to our college the lat-
est improvements and appliances, and are
now fully ■ equipped to give the latest In-
structions in the tonsorlal art in all Its
branches. Including facial massage, ladles'
h&lrdressing. manicuring, electrolysis and
chiropody thoroughly and correctly.
Call and see us or write for our free illus-
trated catalogue and special offer.
iiOLER BARBER COLLEGE,
649 SACRAMENTO ST^
Don't mistake the addretss.
WANTED — Few high-class • solicitors to sell
certificates of deposit la a banking corpora-
tion: some financial assistance to those with
ability and Al references; none oth+r need
spply; opportunity to realize $5 to $10 per
day. Address box 1046. Call offlce.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active; positively - no other: no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. CaJl
at 25 Third st. ' ,
WANTED — Clerks, bookkeepers and stenog-
raphers to presare for Government posi-
tions In Panama. Particulars free. Apply
at onoe Pacific CorresDondenoe Institute,
Grant bldz.. 10&Q Market st.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall,
internal revenue and custom-house positions;
f ree catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute, Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evgs.
WANTED — One or two men to learn a trade;
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call 618 Merchant, bet. Kearny and Montgy.
WANTED — One or two men. to learn a trade;
must-have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call CIS Merchant, bet Kearny and Montgy.
CARRIAGE painters; rood chance for good
man: no opposition; cheap rent Box 87,
Llverraore, Cal.
WANTED — Educated gentleman for encyclope-
dia, work; $1000 per year; references required.
'Box 1160. Call offlce.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 00c 571 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam. bid. ; open till 9 p.m.
WANTED — Young man with some cash for
legitimate, paying business. Box 22S9, Call.
WANTED— Errand boy. 933 Market st, fifth
floor. ---
GILLETT'S school Is the place to learn the
barber trade. 611 Commercial st.
BARBER trade taught ' absolutely free.
HAIGHTS. 751 Mission st Bee him.
SCHOOLBOY to carry morning papers; no
Sunday work. Apply 1325 Mission st.
WANTED — A ' second-hand Ice plant lmmedl-
ately. Box ie&3. 1008 Market st. _^
OOLEMAN exchange — Barber shops bought and
sold. Room 806, Mutual Bank bldg.
barber shop for sale, $300; owner
going East. 21S Montgomery ave.
MEN to' leara the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market St. room 104.
MEN, learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st
MEN wanted at 137 3d st, where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r. 415.
! PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bid.
; 'Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, 'O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hot«l. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan aad Church.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 MarEet st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.'
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
-■ SALESMEN WANTED.
WE paid one salesman $489 commissions In
one week; "pocket .sample.' D. T. WEIR
WHITE LEAD CO.. St Louis, Mo.
WANTED — Capable salesman for California' to
sell ntaple line ' to country merchants. ■ RED-
FIELD, Houser building, . St. Louis.^ Mo.
TRAVELING salesman; by wholesale house for
- California to fill vacancy; 1905 contract; state
experience. Drawer"S." Chicago.. ■
HOBSES ACT WAOO ffS.^ ,
FIRE eale — Vehicles of all descriptions slightly
damaged by fire,' smoke and water, to be sold
. at a sacrifice during next 5 days at C1JRLEN
& SONS', 500 Golden Gate ave. •> ■
TWO carloads broke „ horses, weighing from
1000 to 1600 pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket E. STEWART ts. CO.. 220 Valeada st
THE quairterly.bnlletlri of S. F. Veterlaary Col-
lege now ready: mailed free upon appllcatioa
to DR. E. J. CREELY, Pres.. 510 Golden Gate.
A BUSINESS buggy for sale for ; $45. : Box
1196. Call offlce. --■'.:. - ■ .-.- .
BUGOY. good coadltlon, for " sale ; $25. . *. Box
1098. Call offlce.
FOR sale— A fine road horse: 5 years old; gen-
' tie? rood traveler." Box ; 119. Call [ office, ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, DECEMBER lp;; 1904:
_ HOBSES AJTP WAQQyS^ontotukl.
FOR sale— Standard- bred bay gelding, "Ex-
porter S3308." by Prodigal, dam "Eclipse,"
by "Ouy Wilkes," granddam "Maaon," by
"Nutwood," bred by Marcus Daly, Hamil-
ton, Montana. The above -' mentioned Is
a high-class saddle-horse, extremely fast,
; single- footer and all other gaits; bay; 5
years old, and warranted sound; sole reason
for selling, present owner shortly leaving for
Australia; have also for sale largest Boezol
or Russian wolfhound in America; winner *f
many prlies. Apply by letter, FRANK
HALL, the English Lion Tamer, Terminal
Hotel, Haiprht. and Stanyan sts.. 8. F.
PHAETON -for ' sale; In -first-class condition.
Apply at 2» West Mission st
FOR eale — Buggy, $35; horse, work single or
double. $35. 1318 Grove st
FOR sale— 10. second-han express ! wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale et -
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address - In the
United States or Canada- one year for $1/
A— PRINTED list of houses tolet ; sead i"f or •cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights ; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office. ■ ' y
GEARY. 1511 — House, 6 rooms..: bath; im-
provements; gas; bath; basement rooms. ;
TO LET — House of 8 rooms; rent $17 50. Ap-
ply on premises, 57 Minna st.
HOUSE, 8 rooms and bath. Inquire 128
Eddy st. ... - -
KOTJSES TO LET- PTJBHT3HEO. .
PINE. 2786 — Cozy, sunny, bay-window resl-
! dence, completely furnished; yard; basement;
' nice locality.
WELL furnished houses, %0 and 6 rooms
each; modern improvements; garden; yard.
419 Oak.
_HOTJBjBS FTJBgriSHED— -TOB SAIiE.
TEN rooms, nicely furnished, at a sacrifice.
726 Post gt. -- - ■ " -.
HOUSES WANTED.
SMALL, well furnished house or flat with
yard: state prtoe. Box 21SS, Call office.
/ COjrTAXtEBTOIJT.^
COTTAGE; 4 rooms; every convenience; rent
$15. 850 Preolta ave. • \ ■
$10 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, nr. Web-
ster, bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire No. 7.
'y^HjoTE&sJy::
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van Ness ave,—
This first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
' season or year. Location is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
New York, and Moana Hotel. Honolulu.
rWSTAI,LMEITT BTJTXiBIZra. _
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes. 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
«ach $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments less than rent; send for circular.
I.OST AKP rOTTBTP.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, at beach, .south'" of
Park, black Scotch collie bitch. Suitable re-
ward If returned to 132tt Forty-ninth ave..
Boulevard station, or notify where can be
found.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Sav-
ings aiifl Loan Society of San Francisco In
the came of Margrete Munroe, No. 1,1*41,036.
The finder will pleat<e return to bank.
LOST — Silver watch, on or about Third and
Mission; Initials "C; F.V Return to 59
Third st.; liberal reward.
LOST — Grud and enamel buckle bracelet (old
fashion) at Lotta's fountain, Saturday night;
reward. 715 Scott st
LOST— Gold chain with cross of ' pearts,- be- ;
tween 23d and Dolores sts. and 4th st. Lib-
eral reward if returned to 026 Dolores st.
LOST — Friday evening, box - containing lace
skirt. Return to 2397 Folsom st ; $20 re-
ward; no questions asked.
LOST — Watch charm with Initials "CM. P."j
return to 1003 Market St.; reward.
LOST— Ring, three diamonds set flush. Llb-
eral reward at 221 Montgomery st
LOST— All black retriever doy'TIge." Re^
turn 174 Shotwell st. ; reward. ... .
LOST — Lemon and white setter bitch. Return
to 2210 Etelner st; liberal reward.
*i LAUNCHES FOB HTBS/
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; teL Bush 834.
MATBTJgQglAIu
BUSINESS man, bright future and ability,
,' wishes to meet lady or widow with means;
object matrimony; strictly, private. Box
2063, Call offlce. - -
MATTRESSES AUTO PILIOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. "HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st ; phone South 216.
BTTSCTiTiT. A KEOTJS — rOB BALE.
; AN easy way to give Christmas presents with-
out straining your purse: 8elect anything
from our large stock of diamonds, watches
Jewelry, cut-glass silverware, gold and silver
umbrellas, etc.: deliver you the goods on first
payment: the balance in small Installments ;
no charge for engraving; call In and exam-
■ ine our goods. UNITED LOAN AND TRUST
CO., 21 Stockton st, near Market Phone
Bush 4S4. - .
IN CONSEQUENCE OF OUR REMOVAL TO
THE UPPER FLOORS OF OUR BUILDING
AT 409 MARKET ST.. WE HAVE A
LARGE LOT OF WALL AND COUNTER
. SHOWCASES AND SAMPLE TABLES FOR
SALE VERY CHEAP. fAPPLY IMMEDI-
ATELY. SCHLOS8 CROCKER Y . CO. -
, , DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
\llave you a leaky tla, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, ' gutters
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It. . Elaterlte Roofing Co., 713 Market
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought ■ sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, " engines. 2d-band machinery. MelN-
, TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont sU
CHICAGO Jewelry Credit Co., 25 Stockton st
Diamonds and Jewelry sold on small weekly
.'. payments. Phone us. Bush 484, and, our
agent will call with samples. ■
A — BUYS, sells: or. rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, ■ pulleys,'
etc WHITELAW, ■ 253-255 Spear _st u.
REPUTABLE place to rent ' gents' t full dress,
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J/ COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace -Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at 91 : and * $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes - at $2 BO; we pay express
charges. 11 Sd St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
A VERY fine lady's diamond studded watch
and diamond mounted guard chain; a bar-
galn. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth st>> . •;>
ALL kinds of talking machines' and records at
factory prices.' v LEVY'S. 415 Kearny; ex-
/.changea made. * -.. .5 ....:._,.',: \ :; /
FINE Xmas gift— Pure white homer pigeons;
also runts and fancy pigeons. Call. 1625
Union st, Oakland., .
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER' 3, 137 Moat-
\ , gomery, st, room 12, upstairs. > .,,,.,
VERY' fine coupe; also = t ' beautiful /family
■carriage, with double harness. ,1011 Sutter.
FOR sale— Gas range; ' used only; short ■ while.
Box 2180.' Call offlce. . ■:" '-.-,-; • -_
GENUINE breed of minorca cockerells tor sale.
1933 Fifteenth ; ave: South. - .--;~,
FOR sale cheap— Ballard ! table. : 827 East
Twelfth st. East Oakland. N8K@8e«S8MH
HIGHEST cash ' price • paid for diamonds at
PAUL-V. GARIN'S. 114 Sutter st . '
-TO WE Y'S furniture j polish removes ' spots and
; stains; free delivery.?, 370.' Fell st.
SAFES and - cash>' registers • r new' and* second-
hand. , I. , FREEMAN/ 1325 Market st.
2D-H AND bld{r. c material ; : lumber, door. * saehj
;;• plumb, material. The Dolan Co.; 1607 Market.-.
MISCETjTjAarEOTJS— PQB SA1E — Con.
AN elegunt sealskin, good as new. only $70.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.; 21 Stock-
ton, at, second floor.;-- ■
DESKS : bought sold and • exchanged.' T. D?
. McCarthy Co., 807 Mission it.;. teL< South 811,"
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental 1
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Postst
SAFES— New and second-hand/ THE HERR-
MANN SAFE CO.. -807' Battery st.
GASOLINE engines/automobiles and" launches;
all sites. ' J. g/ DOAK. 46 Fremont v st 7 ' -
ROOMS, papered, $4 up; tinting, • painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third; tel. Main 413.
wajtb, .^
AAAAAA — BUYS any | amount good 2d-hand
clothing; special price for fancy ladles'- and
men's clothing. 922 Folsom; tel Folsom 3522.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
. off clothing. TeUDavls 823.' 650 Sacramento st.
INVENTORS desirous of selling or borrowing
money on their patents, call at United Loan
and Trust Co., 21 Stockton St.. 2d floor; phone
Bush 484. >:* . . .
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. r. 405. Adams
"bldg., 206 Kearny st; phone Black 3030. ■.--.-
Levy * Redler, highest price f or. gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red, 1544. 615 Washington
- MEPIOAI,. -
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any aliment peculiar to theiv sex can find
Immediate relief by,; consulting Dr.- White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women; |
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief or
no pay. ■ -■ ■ -•' .■'■-■•■• ■ :. - ■ . ... . ■ -■■ .
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st... rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G.-W. O*DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on. female
complaints; postively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
every case taken; Immediate relief; no poi-
soning drugs; low fees; my methods will cure
all case* of Irregularity; . by consulting me
save time and money; advice free. Offlce,
1018 Market st .■-. - . _
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist^ here, but I AM a RE-
- LIABLE graduate physician. When In trou-
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
th« unfortunate' helped; I promise best atten-
tion and no danger; I' guarantee prompt re-
.-. suits or no charge. Room 1.* Est. H years.
DR. E. Q. WEST, offlce 305 Kearny at.
DRS. GOODWIN' ha« • returned "from * Europe;
estab. 1884 in S. F. ; 2tf years' .experience;
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin is well
known to enjoy the implicit confidence of Ia-
■ dim suffering from irregularities : or other
conditions; relief assured'or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; hours 2 to 4 and 0:30 to 8:30
p.'.m. 850 Market St., second floor; room 87.
LADIES suffering from sick or
In trouble, coneult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
st. ;rellef guaranteed ; no drugs, no operations.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable upeclallst for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed.: 1008% Market st., opp. Cth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 yeara* experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mission - st, near
Fourth; home In confinement; 25 years' expe-
rience; beet medical attention; low fees.'
TALBOT BARNARD. ■ Australian Nerve Spe-
clallst, has arrived; limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
MME. HAY'S female cones; guaranteed; sure
remedy; $2. Smart Set Mfg. Co.. 519 Mission.
DR. and MRS. DAVD2S and HINDOO HERBS ;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 611A Leaven worth st; be-
■ tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East ,097; ■
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
■ $2. Gleaoon-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny tc. Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st, corner
26th; ladles, relief or.no fee; $10.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th* Weekly
Call. . 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year tor $1.
. - . : -_, ■: %?-?*■?.: -?P- j'Ofgy
AAAAA— A CONFIDENTIAL~and reputable
place to borrow money on the following :
Salaries. • .
Life Insurance policies. ;. >V, .>x.V'
Chatter mortgages. . • ,-^tx'.v". ■ ? .' . ~:- ' ' v '
,, Undivided -Interests; -».--*,■_<' •-«♦ -•
Becond and third mortgages. ■
Estates in probate.
Life estates.
Special department for loans to ladles on
; their notes. • • - .
Private offices for ladles and gentlemen.'
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO., -
21 Stockton st, . near Market
2d floor. Phone Bush 484. S
AAAA— THE; Portland. Jewelry Co. will make
vou • very liberal loans . on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
"two (2) per cent per month; if . you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential. ■
25 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MARKET.
-Private offices at 21 Stockton st, 2d floor.
N. . B. — The . only loan offlce west of New
. York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; -free use of same to all cus-
tomers. -.;-:.; ' .-"■■•• • ■ --
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN..
....INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT!."
CITY, OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
.". ....'..... PROPERTY ...............
Becond mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
; tates In probate, undivided' interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and • undivided Interests in property
' '■ purchased. :.-..- •
..MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY....
Suite 107-1C8 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5024.-
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
_ 601-602-603 Examiner building-.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by 'dealing driectly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rente, property In I trust
-etc; legacies, - life ; estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased. ' f • .:■
Courteous treatment; Strictly confidential
' When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. ;
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
' 1st. 2dor 3d
Mortgage, on real estate,
In city, town or country. '
Low rate of Interest
Give full carticulaxs *■-..•': vT . \-
of property. ■
Location, etc. .' .
Box 223, Call office.
SALARY LOANS— t
•Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment"
. call and get terms; Drake. 458 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY - respectable . private place to obtain
..; liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry at 2
- tier cent Interest: Baldwin Jewelry Store
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. ■, Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third. ■
A— ON furniture. or pianos at lowest rates' no
removal; no publicity; also oa real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security any
amount. . O. W. BECKER, 86 Geary, room 30.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
\ chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security;;easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.,
PRIVATE— Money- loaned • on salaries without
■i security; -diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
oom.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co..523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal-
no commission: no publicity; $25 up' quick
private, confidential, s 26 Montgomery, rm. 2l!
. ANY amount on « : country property - L. ■ A.
;■ .-. SPEKCER,/- 472 ; Tenth st. Oakland. •
TO salaried people .without security. The Whit*
Co., : 420 Calif ornia st. : rooms , 14 and 15. -
PRIVATE party will loan money , on salaries
: without security. Room 75, 916 Market st ;,
SALARIED people" on ? note. & F.^DISCOUNT
i • AGENCY, 125-127; Phelan bldg. < Private. -,
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, Jewelry;
'■■ confd/ Diamond Parlor Jewelry CO., ,722 Mkt.
DON'T • borrow ; money, on salary, until you see
vrus. Hutton Credit Co.; 912 Mutual Bank bldg.1
STAR Loan Co.rOf Wyoming loans" to salaried
!; 1 employes. ; Room ; 311, • Mutual < Sav.v Bk. bldg.
ALL - loans on 1 diamonds A jewelry at 2 per cent
; mo. 8. > F.^ Oollateral " Loan Bank; 538 Kearny.
8% ON»furnlture A pianos: $15 up; 00 removal;
; ■ : no com. • V. TRKMAIN, ; room '; 81, v 6 Eddy, st. '
CASH loaned salaried ' people on j notes without
Indorser. MORRBLL, 609 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
1 - 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. ;
;■-.■' "-•>■•; ■■■.-* MOireT;,WA]m!i).,
WANTED— Party J who : can ?, invest '$10,000 or
$15.000 ; in - manufacturing 5 poultry » and . utock
■ :too&' business. -which,, Is •> now ; earning ' $1500
-, per ■ month;"* and ■ with .- additional - capital ■ Will
.clear $25,000 this coming year, y Address box
■ "880,-Call offlo*. . ■ .:..:-—. : -.-.- • ■*
STUSICAXj INSTBTJBXENTS.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
A small "upright, a snap ......^r. ..... ...$95
. Stodart,' mahogany case, fine condition:. $135
Grovcsteen . A • Fuller, full .' size ' concert. .$145
- Fischer,- thoroughly repaired T . . : . ..'.... . .$160
Also a Chickering, -Vose, Stelnway, Weber,
Mason &' Hamlin. Sterling and many others.
- Easy payments. -» BEN J. CURTAZ A SON.
16 O'Farrell st. ; *
A. GREAT opportunity — We- are closing out
; ' our, trttre Seattle stock In: 8. F. at prices
[ never heard of before; all . makes ; your
terras- are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased.: HEINE PIANO CO., 236-237
: ■ Geary st.. 8. F.; Oakland.. 1252 Broadway.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifices-Car fin* new
pianos, In ■ storage; . slightly damaged by R.
R. wreck: less than $100; pianos guaranteed;
open eves. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market
PARTY must sell large Btelnway upright; cost
$700; price $285: will accept payments; no
reasonable' cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL new. upright pianos for rent." 1 $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. • SCOTT- CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st -
ALMOST given j away — Storage pianos, furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. Whltehead's
: Storage, 16SS Market St.; open evenings, j
OPEN. evenings until Christmas. Byron Mauzy
Piano Warerooms, 308-312 Post it.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $185
t . takes It. 237 Geary st - • '
FISCHER upright; cost $350;" will sell for $96.
237 Geary st . . . . „
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House. 216 McAllister st. -■ .
ELEGANT uprights, new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
. Pierce' s . Piano Factory, Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos,' Cecellan piano
» player.- BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby errand;
Shohinger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
X OTPICEB iABTP STOBE3 TO SET.
TWO. unfurnished connecting rooms, suitable
for offlce; central. Address box 2077. Call.
PEBSONAX8.
"R.b.x:r;a.d.i.o.'8 , b.u.l.l.e.t.i.n."
"O-S-S-I-F-I-E-D LADY"— Mrs. V. Knowles'
Joints ossified .and herself BEDRIDDEN for
years, through 20 years' rheumatism, after
■Rexradlo'u FIRST treatment, August 2.
found all her ANCHYLOSED.' SOLID
FIXED- Joints Instantly LOOSENED. Bo
she could "MOVE them freely, and ; then for
FIRST time In yeara ROSE from bed UN-
, AIDED, and after nearly FIVE MONTHS.
. 1 to date, still RETAINS those benefits. The
many. BRIEF references . to her case In this
, column • were "condensed" from the. FAR
MORE wonderful and extensive "detailed"
TESTIMONY of August 2, given and signed
by her HUSBAND, J. E. KNOWLES. with
names of competent, reliable WITNESSES
. attached. The - "original" ' document is ON
.„• VIEW 'at Rexradio's offices, also published
in "full" In his "WEEKLY BULLETIN."
"REXRADIO" has treated "with marvelous
success ALL forms of RHEUMATISM. In-
cluding CHRONIC. ACUTE, MERCURIAL.
ARTICULAR. INFLAMMATORY, Deforming
and Ossifying, as In RHEUMATOID ARTH-
RITIS (same as Mrs. Knowles' disease).
Many ' BEDRIDDEN, hopeless victims, like
Mrs. Knowles, have been quickly raised up.
. NONE NEED DESPAIR.;
"REXRADIO'S REFERENCES" to (cured)
patients:. "He quickly, marvelously cured
us. after all others FAILED, of Imminent
ELINDNESS, catarrh, jANCHYLOSIS, neu-
ralgia. GASTRITIS, rheumatism, CANCER,
sciatica. TYPHOID fever, lumbago. PTO-
MAINE poisoning, PROSTATITIS, fibroid
TUMOR, ulcer, total DEAFNESS, severe
FEMALE • troubles, etc. Get our NAMES
at offices." -. .-( Also HUNDREDS of others.)
"REXRADIO'S" offlce hours, 2 to .7. PUBLIC
(free) healing TO-DAY, 2 and 8 p. m. Ra-
dium Hall, - 1 - Fourth st. (cor. Market).
A A— WHY look old? — :
Fifteen-day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLJNGHAM: a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles- and pufnness removed from one side
of the face can be seen dally; write for book-
let -143 Stockton st.. cor. Geary.
SPECIAL. BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATE3
this week for facial beautifying; a face with-
out 'a' wrinkle*. with ' the contour and fresh
color of .. youth may be had through my
scientific treatment; consultation and book-
' .let free.r.M,: ELLA HARRIS.' 128 -Geary st
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves its growth, (rtops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness ;
cleanses scalp; at dcuggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
ROYALTY paid on songs, poems and musical
compositions: we arrange and popularize;
particulars free. Pioneer Pub. Co., 704 Balti-
more, building, -Chicago, 111. ;
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
troubles. Office.- 320 Starr King bldg., 121
Geary st. MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetlo
specialist; ladles and gentlemen.
MRS. LEGG, the noted mental scientist, has
opened offices at 2214 .Howard st. ; all dis-
eases positively cured without medicine; to-
bacco & liquor habits specialty; consult free.
NOTICE — Any one desiring to become master
of their own- destiny and become an initiate
In the Cabala for Information, The Philo-
sophical Pub. Co.. 1429 Market st
AUBREY FITCH: Write me;<my present ad-
dress Bait Lake City; Important news from
London. WALTER.
LADIES— Complete manicure outfit; 5 pieces;
26c, silver- or stamps. Smart Set Mfg. Co.,
519 Mission st. *
FANCY and silk dresses carefully . washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1S99. 2122 Flllmore St.; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than coet; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st^
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
, down ,'and $1 60 per week. • T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 840 Post s-t, near Powell.
PEARL: I am sick; please come at once.
'. ■ / . CHARLIE.
FACE massage. Address N... 217 Post st,
rooms 17-18. .
ELECTRIC light baths; - hot and cold tub
baths. 467 Geary st. • ; ■;
FACE massage and electric treatments,' newly
■ opened parlors. -104 Kearny st, 2d floor.r. 2.,
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
- NEUHAUS CO.." the tailors, 720 Market st
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. - Co-operative Tailoring, , 1117 Mkt
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market st*,". between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In flna clothing.
.' Art .Tailoring.' 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous : hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
.Eaton. 309 Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, r.38.
TAILOR-MADE, ault $7 50; dresa pants, $2 50.
Misfit . Clothing . Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont'
MASQUERADE costumes, play I books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S. Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. ; $1 at all druggiBts'.'
A BRANCH, offlce of The Call for the recep-
tlon of : advertisements and subscriptions has
1 been •; opened , at 5 1008 " Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. : ■■
_PHTSICIAHH AJTD 8TTBGE0IT3.
DR. C/ C.'O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence,
1021% Market st, bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar, attention paid t to diseases of women. .
BLOOD.' skin : and ■ rectal diseases a' specialty.
1 DR. BALL. \ 1073% Market st-,.
REMOVED-^-DR/ WONG HIM, flierb doctor,
treats all ' diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st. now lo-
rjcated'at 667,Geary st, near Leaveaworth.'
WONG WOO. , the famous herb doctor— All dls-
.: eases cured ,by. Chinese herbs.r 746-8 Clay st
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
..posltlvely.«cured; -new methods; one week's
.; treatment t f ree.' s Dr. ICottinghanvi 204 ", Sutter.*
PUBCHASING AGENCIES. ~
CLARA E.^ JEWETT. ■: purchasing agent; coun-
" try orders a' specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 300;Larkin st. room 49;Mel.. South 319.
"•.■.'' i\i;.*.'.'/-.'- ■ v - : PATENTS." .-.
INVENTIONS : patented. F. P.' MEDINA,*, at-'
■-.' torney-at-law.- 6 Hobart bldg..- 532 Market et
''■— " V '" TTTK^ - '''■ ■ '"■'"'
EXTRAORDINARY ■ chance , for.. party with
< $600; - no ' possible < chance for • loss; : will v con-
'■ ..vlnce beyond : doubt -, : Box 2205, . Call office. .
TYPEWBITEBS _ AKD^STJOT:DXES.
"AN ' exceptionally good No/ 2 Remington,- No.' T
.' • Smith r« Premier, i $25;; other /typewriters 'at
Vs higher; and: lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
■ Typewriter; Exchange/ 536 California st
2D-HANDI' typewriters ■ sold,*.: rented,' 1 ' repaired.
- Webster Typewriting Inspec; Co., 508 Market
SEAIi ESTATE — CITY— POB SMB.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK." "
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
, close to fine school and Misston-st - electrla
cars; bound to double In value. •■-.<
. • $400 each, on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gat*
Park; these are the cheapest lots in this dis-
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st. r. S. Phone Main '5704.
O'FARRELL ST.. ~ ~~~ '
NOT FAR FROM MASON ST.
$36,000. .
Good frontage and extra large depth back to
rear street . • - ■ .
Over -4200 sonar* feet on ground floor.
THOMAS MAOEE A SONS.
• 5 Montgomery st. '
$250 each — 7 nice lots ready to build on; cor-
ner Gates and Blalne sts. ; block from best
school In city; 5 minutes' -walk from 29th
. .and Mission; we furnish money and build-
ing material for homes, payable back same
as rent; get' oar plans; you will profit by it
■ DOLAN CO., 24 Montgomery st.
MUST be sold this month, 8 flats of 8 rooms
and bath, on McAllister St., near Baker,
modern, nearly new: on Second ave., near
Clement, 3 - fiats of o rooms and bath each,
renting for $75 month; will accept $7000 to
close an estate. RIANDA A CO., 627 Mont-
- gomery st.
BARGAIN — Cottage. - 4 rooms, with modern
improvements: terms, same as rent Apply
owner, lumberyard,' cor. Army and Condon.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHI*-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st
BEAI. ESTATE— COTJBTTBY— Tor SaU.
WHITE & BAYLEY. .
.,.;.. . Successors to • ,
W. J. WHITE. .'.",-«
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$4 50 per acre — o miles of Cloverdale aad
railroad; 4000 acres, comprising the best stock
range and especially adapted to sheep; 2 fine
livlns streams run several miles throuxh the !
property; careful estimates place the oak <
stumpage at 125,000 cords, for which we have
an offer of 25 cents per cord on contract with
cash payment annually whether wood Is cut or
not; wood alone more than pays for the place.
$12,500— 3S8 acres rich alluvial soil; 2 miles
of two thriving railroad towns and not far
from Lodi, San Joaquin County; small almond
orchard: good house, 6 rooms and house for
help; fine barn holding 100 tons; wagon shed;
blacksmith" shop; windmill, 5000 gallon tank;
fenced and cross- fenced; terms -or exchange;
Kilt-edge bay property. ...
$8500— On oiled drive; 1 mile of Ltvermor*;
40 acres healthy, full bearing vineyard; about
6 acres fruit; plain dwelling; barn; good well
and windmill; 2 years' crop will pay for this
place.
$3000— 25 acres; 1 mile of Courthouse aad
Hlzh School; 5 acres fine alfalfa;- 10 acres
Bartlett pears and almonds; balance alfalfa
land: 2 wells; fully equipped pumping plant:
dwelling, barn, poultry houses; drying plant;
half cash.
$4000—38 acres level loam land near Elmlra;
12 acres apricots, 12 French prunes; family
orchard; 5 acres Bartlett pears; 5-room cot-
tage; barn; 12 poultry houses; brooder
houses; 2 well*; windmill and tank; would
subdivide on easy terms or accept unimproved
lots in part payment.
■ $000 — Almost ' adjoins, stores, P. O. and 6
miles of Anderson; 10 acres; 6 acres bearing
peaches: cabin 10x24; under Irrigation ditch;
well fenced; poultry men. Investigate quick.
$1000 cash required, balance any time to
please you; 40 acres all under fine irrigation
system: 25 In full bearing fruit; 5-room and
bath cottage; barn, stable; 5 acres rich 'hay
land for alfalfa; balance timbered pasture; 1
mile of Courthouse and depot; don't wait to
write, but come and investigate.
$300 down; 1 mile of R. R. town; 18 acres
level black loam: no buildings; well fenced;
13 acres full bearing pears and French prunes:
fine creek for poultry: price $2000. any terms.
$4000 — Best hop land In Sonoma County. 40
acres, 6 miles of Santa Rosa; large hophouse;
9 head of Jersey cows; hogs; 400 hens; wagon,
buggy, 2 sets of harness, span horses, farming
tools, dairy utensils, furniture; buy this and
make money faster than they do In the Mint
$8500— Close to Napa City; 60 acres rich,
level land; 85 acres In orchard 12 years old;
good 8-room house; large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant, poultry yards; horses, cat-
tle; farming tools;, good furniture; fin* Income-
half cash.
$2500 — 25 ; acres, half" rolling and balance
level: near Santa Rosa. 3 miles of Kenwood:
rich land; 2 acres. orchard; vineyard: creek,- 2
wells: nice cottage, 5 rooms; ■. large barn;
fenced Into' 4 ' fields; " 5 poultry-houses large
wire netting yards. 150 laying- hens':' good
horse. 3 cattle: spring wagon, top buggy; 4
tons hay; easy terms. ■
$4750— On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose: 33 acres; 12 in full bearing orchard in
floe condition;' balance gently sloping fine hay
land; fine creek;' 25 magnificent ' oak trees; 4-
room cottage; good stable: fine Income: 'we
have a choice list of small' homes In Santa
Clara County; pleased to drive yon around and
show them.
$2350 — 2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
garden soil; SU acres bearing vises; 1 acre
fruit; good dwelling, -barn, poultry-houses -
horse, wagon, carts, plows. 3 sets harness'
tools, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
fine crop.
$1700 — 25 acres, close to Callstoga; adapted
to vines and trees; family orchard ;" cozy 6-
room cottage ;■ good barn; fine water.
. $400 down — 5 acres good land, with new.
hard finished cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
large brooder-house. 2 Incubators brooders; all
farming tools; near Petaluma; price $2000.
$5500 — Only 1 mile of Haywards; 87 acres
fine land: 4 acres bearing orchard: modern
house, 6 rooms and bath; finest barn In county
alone cost $4000; fine view; this Is the best buy
In the vicinity.
LODI. LODI.
The town that has the "SNAP". .to' It; the
section that has the ' most fertile ■ soil In the
San Joaquln Valley: fine roads; water trans-
portation. %
; We are subdividing a choice tract In 10-acre
lots; only 2>4 miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards-
soil rich, black, sandy loam, 12 feet deep-
school on the tract; $75 per acre; this will not
last over SO days; first come, first served.
$1200 — 10 acres in vine and fruit belt, near
Lodi: sandy loam; 5-room house and barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed list on the coast.
-WHITE A BATLEY.
" Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
29 Montcomery st.. room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty. . • .
$500&— SO ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion with Improvements," In orchard section
of Sutter County; only three miles from
county seat and on line of new irrigation
ditch. ■ . .
A snap If taken soon. but. will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM,
408 Second st, Marysvllle, Cal.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS!
. Send postal for catalogue of the best lana
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..'
. 648 Market - st. .
CONTRA Costa County Real estate . for sale.
Send for Hat' D. J. WEST. Martlnea, Cal
SAN MATEO BEAI. ESTATH.
LOMITA PARK. V','. v
. " As an investment or for a home site, a 50-
foot lot in Lomlta Park ■ offers exceptional ad-
vantages. Only 45 minutes from the dty on
the San Mateo electric line: outside the fog
belt; well located and drained; artesian water;
streets - graded; water and sewer - pipes laid.
Terms— A first payment of, from. $10- up .and
balance at $10 per month. 'Easily -.within th*
.reach of all. First placed on the market Aug-
ust 1 and over half now sold. Must be seen
to be appreciated. Go down and Investigate or
.write - to-day — to-morrow may be too late to
secure a choice. -
tfELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Main 673. * 116 California' st
Also at LOMITA PARK. » ,
COMMA BEAI ESTATE.
FOR SALE. '-=.". .-?. , .
.. :. COLMA REAL ESTATE.
» Large; lots; acre lands; near line San Fran.
• > / clsco. Inquire ; 416 Hearst bldg. < R. s
- THORNTON. • ' .
BEAIi ESTATE TO EICHAHQS.
VINEYARD or orchard land in 20- acre tracts-
worth $73 per acre; in town of Parller. Fres'
' no County; school, P. O.. 3 packing- houses
: store, water. through tract; will exchange for
Oakland, Berkeley. Alameda or S • F. real
\ estate. . Address owner. I. J. TRUMAN. Call
, building. : San Francisco. ;, j .;■
GOOD Oakland property to exchange for coun-
try property. L. A. SPENCER, 473 Tenth
,,«t.. Oakland. . .
LEGAL KOTICTES.
i*~LLOYD LANGFORD," having soid^Mtaier-
eBt In the Cloud-Langford Co.. cor. Post and
r Flllmore sts., "give notice 'that I will not be
' responsible for any. indebtedness.- LLOYD
. LANGFORD. - ■ . . . ...
STOP . DHIHZnrQ.
GUARANTEED cure; send; 60c I UbleTTorm!
: ' mailed ' In slain ' package; has cured thou-
> ' sands. L. U C. CO., 417 HaywaM bid*-.; SJP.
ALAMEDA ADVERrS'MTS
, .
AXAMESA BEAI. SSTA73L
LARGE lots. 155 feet deep; any frontaga; $19
per front-foot; $50 cash and $10 per month.
Call at Railroad ave. and Fifth st. and se* J
H. YOUNG, owner, at new building.
$2100— FOR sale; new cottage of 5 rooms; now
In course of construction; lot 33x155; easy
terms; call at Railroad ave.. west of Fifth
st . J. H. YOCNQ. owner and builder. ".
OAKLAKD ADVEBT'S'M'li
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAXUkJSTD BEAIi ESTATE.
WE have clients look in sr for Investments In
Oakland property. If you have either houses
or lots for sale call at our office or mall us
full description and price.
C £.. REED.
488 Eleventh st. Oakland.
A SNAP— Choice lot. 110x125. SW. cor. 21»t
and Myrtle sts. ; will be sold, as a whole or
in subdivisions; sold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle st. Oakland. •"
$7000— HANDSOME new 8-room house; fom-
ace ; Lakeside district, near business center,
must sell. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATH
CO.. 4C0-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
OAgXAJTD BOOMS WAJTTED.
BY January 1 — Furnished room with private
family, near narrow gauge, by yousg gentle-
maa with references. Bcrx 2777. Call office.
OABXAJTD rUKJMlTUKE FOB HATiB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
tnre. H. Schelhaas. 11th st. cor. store. Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem't^
BOOMS rOB HOT/SJmU'XgQ.
BRYANT, 421 — Two sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas.
CLAY, 1456— Parlor floor; 3 rooms complete for
housekeeping; sunny; marine view; private.
CASTRO. 429, rear — 2 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; larga yard; water free; $ti.
EDDY, 210— Nicely furn. suite, light house-
keeping; also double rooms; terms moderate.
EDDY, 743 — Fine housekeeping suite; large
kitchen, gas range; phone; yard.
FIFTH, 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping; fir. :
also 2: $12.
FILLMORE. 3322A — Three Iarga> new sonny
connecting rooms complete for housekeeping;
rent fclfl.
FILLMORE. 1100 — Two or three sunny front
rooms; housekeeping privilege.
GEARY. 1225 — Front bay-window suite, cotnp.
furnished for hkpg.. with all conveniences.
HOWARD, 1703— Two sunny, furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range, bath. etc. .
HO WAR 1X^922 — On* suite housekeeping- rooms ;
also single. . -
HOWARD. 719H — Housekeeping; 8 large sunny
rooms, suitable for 3 or 4 adults; respectable;
no transient.
jrSSIIi 439, bet. 6th and 6ta — Two connecting
housekeeping rooms; hot and cold water;
first floor.
JACKSON, 964 — Furnished sunny large front
- housekeeping rooms, $7 to $9.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Fla*-^
- Sunny furnished 8-room suites; steam heated,
electrio lighted; fre« baths; rates reasonable.
LARKIN. 207. Strathmore— Furnished apaxt-
ments for housekeeping.
LARKIN. 802— Nicely furnished sonny front
rooms complete for housekeeplag.
LARKIN. 715— Two housekeeping rooms; also
nice, sunny single; reasonable; prlvats.
LAGUNA, 1507, oor. , Geary — Cosy 3-roora
suite; newly furnished; new flat; private;
reasonable.
MISSION. 911H. near Fifth— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping; gas stove;, reasonable.
MASON. . 808— Furnished room*; stngte. also
housekeeping. - "
MONTGOMERY, 109, teL Black 8713— Sunny
front rooms.
OCTAVIA. 20 — Four for. boesekeepln*; rooms;
phone, bath, laundry; $25; references.
OAK. 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping: $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL. 1395— Nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping suite; $16L - ,
PAGE. 14 — Bunny suits, complete housekeep-
ing; gas range, laundry; adults.
POWELL, 415 — Sunny housekeeping suite; gas
and bath; $4 50 week. .
PEARL 8, corner Market — Three- sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; $13; no children.
SACRAMENTO. 1514 — Sunny rooms; .neatly
furnished; suite or single; light hoasekeep-
lne If desired.
SOUTH PARK. 137—2 or 3 nicely furnished
sunny front housekeeping suite;, reasonable.
STOCKTON. N. W. cor. Filbert— 2 nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms.
STEVENSON. 1334— One or 2 unfurnished
rooms; light housekeeping.
TAYLOR. 911— Furn. suite; folding bed. gas
range, $12; 1 room, sunny, gas range. $7 fto.
TURK. 123 — Clean, sunny, furnished rooms,
with or without board: $5 up; housekeeping.
TURK, . 123 — Clean sunny furnished rooms,
with board; suits or single; housekeeping;
$5 up. .
WEJ3STER. 1229 — 8 or 4 rooms complete for
housekeeping; phone and bath.
APABTBCC3TT gQTTSXS.
HART APARTMENTS. 7S0 ELLI3 ST.. Mrs.
Kate 8. Hart, prop-..- formerly of th» Ra-
mona; 3 and 4 rooms; furnished modern: $30
to SCO; rooms rented by the week to gueats
* from country. ' - ' - - ■
BOOMS TO UT— -Pturn. and. TJnfuxn.
ATKINS, cor. Third st and Pa.-k lane — New
. brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class housa
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth St.— Room*
25c to $1 per night $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. t
Fifth st) — Rooms. 25c. 50c. $L $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
HSLMOND House; over Owl drug store: 2 en-
trance*. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electrio
lights; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25o to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. 133S. near Polk— Sunny furnished room
foe lady; reasonable. ■
CLAYTOX, 834 — Front room; nloery famished.
CALIFORNIA, 1247— Suit* of rooms; piano.
grat« and bath; light breakfast .without
charg«^t3B2SWtsBjfc^Mg
■'
EDDT, 773 — Nicely furnished front room for
one or two; grate, bath; hot aad cold water;
private family. . • .
EXXJ3, 1174 — Room. • home board, two young
: men, $40;. single. $20; private American fam.
FIFTH, 827— Nicely furnished front room.
FAIR OAKS. 434— Furnished rooms. $9 to $10:
board If desired: nice home for nurses and
adults. _^
; FILBERT and Stockton sts.. NW. oorner — A
I sunny furnished room.
i FILLMORE. 819. near Pa«n — Nice front
- room; $1 B0.
FOLSOM, 608 (Aurora) — Nicely furn. rooms;
running water; eleo. light ; $1 DO week up.
FULTON. 623 — Nicely furnished room for gen-
' tlsman. ■
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 430 — Ono sunny • tmt-
■ nished room to let. *
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms SSo
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $8 wk. ; reading-room.
OOLDEN GATE ave., 357— Newly furnished
runny front suites, also single, $2 up; bath;
hot . and cold water.'
HOWARD, 840— Suany front .room, era**,
$2 25 week. .
HOWARD. 715 — Furnished rooms, stogie or
double: central location.
HAIGHT, 606— Three front rooms: unfur-
nished; use of batn; reasonable to right p»#-
tles. ;
Continued on Pago ) Ttoi _j^ -:,
910
.. KOOaaS TO IJST — Fnra. and TTaf nrn.
HARRISON, 1410. bet. 20th and Slst— Furnish-
■ ed front room, suitable for 2 men; rent $3.
HAiGHT 32S— Lsrge sunny parlors, with com-
municating dressing room; excellent table.
HOWARD 737 «4 — Roomf large and sunny, to
;«t.
HOWARD. 1008 — Neatly furnished rooms for
housekeeping: alw) single room.
•JESSIE, 3C7— Nice,' sunny. furr.Uh?d rooms,
fl i*r we^k up.
JONES, 051. near Pine — Punny parlor, with
plane; also sunny upper Coor with bath con-
necting, suitable for Rt-ntlenK-n: fine view.
MASON. 152T — Furnished rooms: private: with
or without or without bath: references.
•MARKET. 1049 (The Falrnouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 w*rk; bates; elevator; also hkpg.
MARKET 11C4 — Sunny furnished front rooms
to let. " '-■';-
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third Ft. — 100
rtogle Btid family ror-me to ?l 50 per day,
f2 to $8 tier week; the only new and modern
hotel and rr>omlng-hou!«<» in San Francisco
that ha? office on gTOund Soor. hot and cold
water, electric l;ght.«. call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
. valor service day End night to its guests.
PAGE. 36 — Nicely furnished front room.
ROOMS FOR RKXT.
. The Pacific Coast Room Renting Agency has
opened offices at 2S3 Post st. If you want a
rocm. suite of rooms cr flat call and see us.
TYe can furnish you furnished or unfurnished
roor.".» and pave you time, trouble —id money. :
Full <3Ecrrjitltir.. prices, etc., phone John 0581.
P.OTAT. HOrSF.. 12fi Kllis— Incandescent 1'ghtF". j
r"8d'.r.f?-rooiu Fmoking-room and ladies 1 ' par- {
lor; rooms per rirht. ."5c to $1 CO; week. %1 j
to ? e : month. $S to t'-'.i>; elevator on ground j
floor; room* Vlih hot and ccM water; baths.
SEt^ONP, 42"! — Two neat funny rooms: r«-
epee$eb> jirivate famliy; rent $6 and $7.
SHOTWELL. ?2j>i-wm rent sunny fur-
nlshfr<3 room to elderly lady; very cheap.
SXXTSE3STH. 2S22— Sunny furnished room for
nr.» or two.
S1.TTER, 703 (San Remo) — Large sunny fur-
niefced ro»»rc«>, *incle and en suite.
TENTH. 152— Two sunny connecting rooms.
newly furr.i?h»-«J for housekeeping; gas range,
ninnirig water.
THE ST. KATHRTN COP.NETi ELLIS AND
LEAVEN WORTH fc*T>'. — POSITIVELY THE
RUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITT: NEW
SANITARY HAITI MATTREFEES BATH?,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS TELEPHONE BERV- '
ICE. H«">T AND OOT-D WATER; EVERY
MODERN COXVEN1ENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOCB8; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE LAUNPTON, 110 Eddy— Bej»t regular ard
transient hous<» In city; 50c and 51.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy. r.r. Market— 400
room* ."55c to $1 night. $1 75 to $tf week; elec-
tric lights <no eae), nywiing watw In every
room; e'.evator.read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VAX NESS ave., IOCS — Good rooms to let; en-
tire hf u-e newly renovated.
VENJX'ME, 1104 Market— Fum. rooms suite
or single; suites £5 week up. 15 Turk.
WAJLLER. 6S2— 5unr.y furnished room, bath;
»>ri va te f s.ml 1 y ; rea«o :: a b I e .
TTINOFIESTER Hotel. 44 3d Ft.. r.r. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
2.V to $1 50 nightly; S2 to $S week; elevator:
■elec. llghte; reading-room; free bus; baggage. '
A BRANCH LTfic* of The Call for the recep- !
Wen of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at lifts Market st.. opposite
Fifth. O»en until 11 p. m.*
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
C*ll branch office, cor. Dunc&n and Church.
SOO2ZS AXSTTJ BOARD.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. P01 Geary St.— Large.
fiunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2.
$50 mo.; Klngle, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Bost rooms, table and eer-
vice in the city for the least money.
ELLIS. 4r»3 — Splendid single rooms, with best
of French table board; reasonable.
GEARY. 764-^Board and room :n a private
family; reaBonable; «Uso rooms.
HARRISON. 570— I^erffe sunny front room;
water; parlor, piano, bath; with-without brd.
POST. 7^8— Finest table board; good service;
reasons Me; references.
LARGE, beautiful. sunny_ double rooms, with !
board ; rea*. ; run. water. S06 I^avenworth. !
BOCBC3 VAOTSP.
WANTED — Two furnished rooms, with steam
hect. Ti-lthln ten or fifteen minutes' walk to
The Call building. Address, with terms box
2176. Call office.
TJI7ITED STATES GOTEEKME1TT.
NOTICE of Restoration of Public Lands to
Settlement and Entrj 1 — Department of the
Interior, General Land Office. Washing-
ton. D. C, October 7. 1904: Notice ls here-
by given that, on September 20, 1904. the
Acting Secretary of the Interior restored to
settlement the Dubilc lands in the following
described areas. which were temporarily
that the said public lands so restored to set-
: tlement en September 20. 1904. will becoma
withdrawn for forest reserve purposes; and
subject to entry, filing and selection at the
respective United States Land Offices for
* the several Land Districts in which the
lands lie, viz.: Visalia, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Marysvllle. Susanville and Redding, ■
I California, on January 31, 1905: Township
• twenty-eigbt (2S> South. Range twenty-eight ..
<2S) Ea«t; Township twenty-eight (28) T
Couth. Rasg« twenty -nine (28) East; Town-
•hip twenty-seven (27) South. Range twen-
ty-eight (2S> East; Township twenty-seven
1 <27) South. Range twenty-nine (29) East;
Township twenty-six (26) South, Raoge
twenty-nine (29) East; Township twen-
. ty - eix (26) South. Ranee thirty (30)
Hart; Township twenty-five (25) South,
Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town-
ship twenty-five (25) South, Range thirty
• <S0) East; Township twenty-four <24) South. -
Range twenty-nine (29) East;' Township t
" twenty-four (24) South. Range thirty (30)
. East; Township twenty-three (23) South.
. Range twenty-nine (29) East; Township s
twenty-two (22) Suuth, Range twenty-
. nine i£9) Cast; Township twenty-one (21)
South, Range twenty-nine (28) Eaet; Town-
• ship twenty (20) South, Range twenty-eight
- <2S) East ; Township twenty (20) South, Range
twenty-nine (29) East; Township nineteen
. <1£) South. Range twenty-«ig&t (2S) East
t Township nineteen (III) South. Range twan- —
. ty-nlne (23) Kast; Township eighteen (18) D
: South. Range twenty-eight (2S) Kast; Town-
. i chip eighteen (1») South. Range twen-
ty-nine <29j East; Township seventeen
<17) South. Range twenty-eeven (27)
Cast: Township seventeen (17) South Range
twenty -eight (2S) East; Township' ceven-
' teen (17) South. Range twenty-nine (29)
East; Township sixteen (10) South. Ranza
. twenty-elx (26) East : Township sixteen (l«j) —
. Eouth. Range twenty-seven (27) East- in E
Township sixteen (J6) South," Range twenty-
" eight (2S) East. Sections four (4). five U5)
. «ix (6). eev*ji eight (8). nine (S). and
Sections fifteen (15) to thirty-six (3«) both
lnduElre; Township fl:teen (15) South.
.' Range twenty-six (26) East; Township flf-
i. teen (15) South. Range twenty-eeven C7j
Eaet; in Township fifteen (15> South Range =
; twenty-eight (2b) East. Sections three (3)
.< u> nine (»). both inclusive, sixteen (16) to
twenty-one (21), both inclusive, and twentv r
«lght (2£) to thirty-three (33), both inclu-
' silve; Township fourteen (14) South Range
twenty-five (25) East; Township fourteen
" <14) South. Rang* twenty-elx (26) East-
. Township fourteen (14) South. Ranee
: twenty-seven (27) Eaet; Townshin thir-
teen (IS) South. Range twenty - four
: <24) East; Township thirteen (13) South
Range twenty-five (23) East; | a Township
thirteen (13) fcouth. Range twenty-six (°6)
. Eaet. west half cf Section four (4), Section*
five (6), eUr <«). seven (7). eight ui). NW "i
' of Section cine (S). Sections seventeen (17)
eighteen (IS), nineteen (19). twenty CM» and
,- 6ectlons twenty-five (25) to thirty-six (2K)
botn inclusive: Township twelve (12» South'
' Range twenty-four <24) East; In Tow^shli
twelve U2) South. Range twenty- five (25^
East. Sections four (4). five (5), six (6) seven
<7). eight (8). nine (9). Sections sixteen (It)
■ to twenty-one (21). both Inclusive all of
. 6ectlons twenty-two (22), twenty-three (23»
twenty-four (24), l>1ng south of Kings River
and Sections twenty-five (25) to thirty-six
, (26), both inclusive; Township eleven (in
South, Range twenty- three (23) East* Town
, sfcip eleven (11) South. Range twenty-four
.^•<20 Eat; In Townehlp- eleven (11) South.
Range twenty-five <25) ■ Ktiet. Sections five
. t6). six («). seven <7). eight (6), nine (9)
Sections sixteen (16) • to . twenty-one (21)
both inclusive, and Sections - twenty-eight
(28) to thirty-three (33). both Inclusive-
Township ten (10) South. Range twenty-two
(22) East; Township ten (10) South, Ran£«
• twenty-three (23) Kast: Township ten (lo>
South, Range twenty-four (24) East;- Town-
chip nine (9) South, Range twenty-two (21')
- East; in Township nine (S) South, Range
twenty-three (23) East, that part of 'Section —
rirhteen (18) lying eouth of the San Joaquln B.
River. Section nineteen (19), that part of
: 6ection twenty <20) lying west of the : San
-Josquln River, that part of Section twenty-
tilne (23) lying west of the San Joaquin
ltiver. Sections thirty (30) and • thirty-one
■' (SI), that part of Section thirty-two (32)
• lying couth of the San Joaquin River that
' part of Section thirty-three (33) lying eouth
" of the San Joaquin River. Section thirty-four
<84) and S % and NW »4 of Section thirty- '
five; Township eight (8) South, Range twen-
ty (20) East: Township eight (S) South."
Rangevlwenty-one ". (21) .East; In Township
*ight (8) South, Range twenty-two (22) East' "*'
••cUcas seven (7) to thlrty-slx (36). boti *
j UMITrp BTATSS OOVEBJrMEITT— Con.
inclusive,- Township eeven r (7) ,South,\ Range
twenty (20) East:, in Township seven (.)
South, Range - twenty-one (21) " East, Sec-
tions six (6) to eleven (11), both inclusive,
Sections fourteen (14) to twenty-three (23),
both inclusive, and Sections twenty-six (2U>
1 to thirty-Elx (36), both inclusive; -Township
xix (6) South. Range nineteen U'J) East; Town.
t>hip six (t>) South, Range twenty (2U) Kast;
- Township five (5) South. Range nineteen (1U;
East; Township five (S) South, Range twen-
. ' ty (20) East; In Township ten (10) North,
- Range eighteen (16) East. Sections one (1).
two (2), eleven (11). twelve (12). thirteen
(13). fourteen (14),. twenty-three (23), twen-
1 ty-four (24), twenty-five (25). twenty-six
(26) ond twenty-eeven (27): Township nine-
teen (19) North, Range seven (7) East; Town-
ship twenty (JO) North, Range seven (T) Eaet ;
in Township twenty (20) North, Range eight
(S) East, Sections one (1) to thlriy-thre-
(33). both inclusive; Township twenty-four
(24) North. Range two (2) Eaet; Township
twenty-four (24) North. Range three (3/
Kast: Township twenty-four (24) North.
1 Range four (4) East; In Township twenty
(20) North. Range fifteen (15) East, Sections
two (2). four (4). nve (5). six (6) and eight
(S); in Township twenty (20) North. Range
sixteen (1C) East. Sections two (2), three (8),
eleven (11). thirteen (13) and fourteen (14);
K »4 of Township twenty-one . (21) I North,
Range fifteen (15) East; Township twenty-
cne (21) North, Range sixteen (1G) East; in
Township ; twenty-two (22) North. Rango
fourteen (14) East, Sections three (3) to ten
(10). both inclusive, fifteen (15) to twenty-
two (22). both inclusive, and twenty-seven
(27) to thirty-four (34). both inclusive; in
Township twenty-two (22) North. Range six-
teen d(>) East. Sections one »1) to three (3).
both Inclusive, nine <ii) to sixteen (lti). both
inclusive, twenty-one (21) to twenty-eight
<2S). both inclusive, and thirty-two CI2) to
thirty-six (30), both inclusive: Township
twenty-two (22) North. Range seventeen (17)
1 Kast; Township twenty-two i22) Nortt. I
Range eighteen (lb) Kast; in Townuhlo j
; lwenly-three <23) North, Range fourteen
I <14) Kast, Section* thirteen (13). twenty-four
• 24). twenty-five (25). twenty-six (26), twen-
ty-eeven <27), twvnty-eight (2S). thirty-two
! (32>, thirty-three (33), thirty-four (34).
thirty-flve (30) and thirty-six (3ti); In Town-
fefcip twenty-three (23) North, Range fifteen
(15) East. Sections thirteen (13) to eighteen
(18). both inclusive; in Townehlp twenty-
three (23) North, Range sixteen (1(S) East,
Sections eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen
(13) »nd fourteen (14); In Township twenty-
three (23) North, Range seventeen (17) East,
Sections cne (1) to five (5), both inclusive,
and Sections seven (7) to thirty-six (30),
both inclusive; Township twenty-three (23)
North. Range eighteen (18) East; in Town-
ship twenty-four (24) North. Range nine (3)
F-ast, Sections ten (10). eleven (11). twelvo
(12), thirteen (13). fourteen (14). fifteen |15).
> sixteen (10). twenty-one (21), twenty-two
(22). twenty- three (23) and twenty-four (21);
in Township twenty-four (24) North, Rang*
seventeen (17) East. Sections one (1) to four
(4), both Inclusive, E % of Section flve (5).
E H «' Section eight (8). Sections nine (»)
; to sixteen (IV), both inclusive. Sections twen-
ty-two (22) to twenty-seven (27). both Inclu-
sive, and Sections thirty-three (33) to
thirty-six (3t>). both inclusive; Town-
ship twenty-four . (24) North. . Range
«*igbteen UK) East: In Township twenty-
five (25) North, Range sixteen (16) Eat-t,
Sections one (1). two (2), three (3), ten (10).
eleven <11). twelve (12). thirteen (13) four-
teen (14). twenty-three (23), twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (25); Township twenty-five !
«^i>) North, Range seventeen (17) East;
T:wnshlp twenty-five (25) North, Range
eighteen (16) Ea.«l; in Township twenty-six
<i:t>) North. Range ten (10) East, Sections
one (1). five (6). six (6), seven (7), eight (8),
nine (9), twelve (12), N % of Section thir-
teen (13). Sections fourteen (14), sixteen
116). seventeen (17). eighteen (IS). Sections
nineteen (1S»> to twenty-three (23), both in-
clusive. Sections twenty-six (2C) to thirty
i (SO), both Inclusive, and Section thirty-five
i (35); iu Township twenty-six (26) North,
1 Range fifteen (15) East. Sections one (1),
two (2). three (3). N H cf Section five (6).
1 N Vt of Section six (6). and»Sectlons eleven
• (11) and twelve (1?); in Township twenty-
■ seven <«J7) North, Range twelve (12) East,
Sections twenty-three (23) and twenty-four
(24); In Township twenty-Beven (27) North,
Range fourteen (14) East. Sections eight (8),
nine <8). fifteen (15). sixteen (1C). twenty-
two (22). twenty-three (23). twenty-four
124). twenty-five (25). twenty-six (26). thirty-
flve (30) and thirty-Elx (30); Township twen-
ty-eight. i2S) North. Range nine (9) East;
In Township twenty-eight (28) North. Range
thirteen (13) East, Section^ twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (25);- In thirty-
four (34) North. Range ten (10) West, Sec-
tions seven (7), eight (8), nine (9), sixteen
(16), seventeen (17), eighteen (18), nine-
teen (19), twenty (20). twenty-one (21)
twenty-eight (2S), twenty-nine (29). thirty
(30). thirty-on» (31), thirty-two (32) and
thirty-three (33); In Township thirty-rour
(34) North. Range seven (7) West, Sections
twenty-five (25). thirty-five (35) and thirty-
six (36); Township thirty- four (34) North.
Range six (6) West; Township thirty-four
(34) North. Range five (5) W«t; N >fc of
Township thirty-four (34) North. Range four
(4) West: Townehlp thirty- five (3.'.) North.
i Range flve (5) West; Township thirty-five
<35) North. Range four (4) West; Township
thirty-five (35) North. Range three (3) W»«f
Township thirty-five (35) North, Range two
(2) West; W % of Township thirty-five (r.5) |
i North. Range one (1) West; 8 % -of Township
thirty- six C><5) North, Range four (4) West;
Townehip thirty-six (36) North, Range three (3)
West; Township thirty- six (30) North, Range
four (4) East; Township thirty-seven (37)
North. Range four (4) Eaet; Township thirty-
. nine (39) North. Range three (3) West;
Township thirty-nine ((39) North, Range two
<2) West; in Township forty (40) North.
Range eJght <S) West, Sections two (2). three
<3). ten (10) and fifteen (15); in Township
forty-one . (41) North. Range eight (8) West,
Sections one (1), two (2), three (3), ten (10),
eleven (11). twelve (12), thirteen (13). four-
teen (14), fifteen (15). twenty- two (22). twen-
ty-three (23), twenty-four (24) twenty-five
(25), twenty-six (26), twenty-seven (27).
thirty-four (34) and thirty-five (35); In
Township forty-one (41) North, Rangs woven
<7> West. Sections two (2), three (d), four
(4). five (5), six (6), seven (7). eight (8).
nine (9). ten (10). sixteen (16). seventeen (XT),
eighteen (18), nineteen (19) and twenty (20):
all of Mount Diablo Meridian, California.
W. A. RICHARDS, Commissioner.
Approved: THOS.' RYAN, Acting Secretary
_ nf «tu> Tnf •-;«-.
DiVi-uEin> rroTions.
DIVIDEND Notice — California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, .corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months ending
December 31, li>04. dividends have been de-
clared on the deposits in the Ravings depart-
ment of this company as follow*: On term
deposits, at the rate of 8 0-10 per cent per
annum, and on ordinary deposits at the rate
of 3 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Tuesday, January 3.
1005. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND Nctice — S-an Francisco and Subur-
ban Home Building Society, Stb floor. Mutual
Savings Bank buildlm:, 708 Market St., op-
v posite Third st. — For the half-year ending
December 31, 1904, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per ar.num of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock p.nd participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and ;
after Monday. January 2. 1003. " -
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager. •
J. M. DUKE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— San Francisco Savings
Union." STC: California St., cor. Webb — Kor the
half-year ending with the. 31st 'of December
- 1904,. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of three and one-half (3%)
per cent en term depoeltn. and three (3) per
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday. January o,
11)05. - LOVEX.L WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Society. 620 California st. — Kor the ■
. ; half-year, ending December 31. 1904, a divi-
dend .faas been declare*! at the rate of three
and one-quarter (3U> per cent per annum
en all deposits, frea of taxes, payable on
and after Tuesday, January 8 1905
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
PB,0P0SAI.3. • "
DEPARTMENT of the. Interior. United States
Geological Survey, Reclamation Service
Washington, D. C, Nov. 28, 1904.— Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of the
United States Reclamation Service, Montrose.
Colo., until 2 o'clock p. m.. December 31
1904. for the construction of a frame build-
ing for the accommodation of the offices nec'l
eaxary for the use of the United States Rec-
lamation Service in connection with the con-
etructlon and maintenance of the Uncom-
pahgro Valley project. : Specifications form
of proposal and plans may be inspected at
the office of the Chief Engineer of th<f Unit- 1
r4 States Reclamation Service. Washington
D. C. ; at the office of the District Engineer' "
United States Reclamation Service Chamber
of Commerce building. Denver. Colo •• and
at the office of the. United States Reclama- 3
tion Service, Montrose. Colo. Each bid must
be accompanied by a certified , check for 5
per cent of the amount of the bid, payable
to the order of the Secretary of the Interior
as a guaranty that the bidder will, if »uc-
cessful. promptly execute a satisfactory con- <
tract and furnish bond in the sum of 60 per
cent of the contract price - for the faithful
performance of the work. . It is • understood
that ail bids are submitted subject - to the
eU K. flC v! e ?. C>r . Of the utle t° the land -upon ,
which it is proposed to erect the building
The right is reserved to reject ■ any -or all
bids, to accept one part and reject the other
and. to waive technical defects, as the inter-
ests of the service may require. Bidders are
invited to be present. Proposals - must be
m « r ked W .E^P 084 ' 8 *or the Construction of
Office Building. Uncompahgre Valley PrcZ
Ject." E. A. HITCHCOCK. Secretary.
BALE of Government Property— Office Depot
Quartermaster. S6 New Montgomery- St.. San
Francisco. Cal.; Dec. '. 1. : 1904.— Sealed prooos c
als. in triplicate, will be received at thls^fl
flee until 10 o'clock a. m..- Tuesday Decem- '
ber 20. 1904V an ,i tnen opened,- for 'the pur- '
chase of damaged khaki clothing. vizY 122 «6fl
coats. 108,049 trousers (foot). 1112 trousers
(mounted), samples of which. can be seen at
...this depot- Further Information - and blank r
proposals will be furnlsned on application
Envelopes ' containing, proposals f should be ; =
marked "ProposaJs for ; Khaki , Clothing •• to
, be. opened DecemBer 20. 1904. and addressed
- to MAJOR C A^ DEVOIv Q. M. U. S A
Deoot Quartermaster. * \ *'
THE 'SAN':i:*RANCiSCU ; ; U^
e PROPCiSALS " "V T~~ ~~~ T"""
) '-- For 1 -
- PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING
AND BINDING. >-^»SISMSKS
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received un-
> til January 12. 1905, at 10:30 o'clock a. m., for
P . furnishing the PAPER f or „ the . PUBLIC
• j PRINTING and BINDING for -the year end-
> 1 ing 28th of Februery, 190ti, the said proposals
' to.be opened before and the award of con-
" I tracts to be made by the Joint Committee of
• I Congress on Public Printing to the lowest and
• best bidder for the Interest of the Government,"
• I the committee reserving to itself the right to
' reject any and all bids, as Its Judgment of the
_ test Interests of the Government may dictate.
• Detailed - schedules of the description, quan-
tity, and quality of the paper required, accom-
j panieri by samples and blank proposals,' and
f giving: the regulations with which bidders must
" comply, can be obtained by addressing F." W.
, « Palmer, Public Printer, Washington. D. C. -
. The contracts will be entered Into for sup-
plying such quantities of pa*>er as may b«
} needed during the year, and no more.
, The .estimated quantities set -forth in detail
t in the schedule comprise:
s 90,000 reams machine-finish printing paper.
24x38.
; 20,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
38x48.
30,500 r?am.> sized and super-calendered
1 white or tinted printing paper, va-
■ rlous sizes.
1 400 reams antique machine-finish printing
paper. " ' ' *
1 32,600 reams white writing paper, various
1 sizes and weights. ■ . • . .
• 3,800 reams colored writing" paper, various
-^ - " » siecs and weights.
' 6,100 ream3 cover paper, various sizes and
; weights.
1 10,000 pounds of best plate paper.
' 200.COO pounds of best map paper.
1 : 700,000 pounds superfine (single double)
• j coated book paper.
1 • 5,650 ream*? manlla paper, various sizes and
\ weights. ■ .
1T.4.0OO pounds bond paper.
20.000 pounds artificial parchment, various
' sizes.
■ 4.000 pounds parchment deed.
10,000 sheets plated bullet patch, 16x21
Inches. '
10,000 sheets high-finish onion skin, 19x24
inches.
170,000 sheets cardboard, various colors, sizes
and weights.
3,600,000 sheets bristol board, various colors,
sizes, and weights.
9, COO reams first-class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes
and weights." ' . . •
9,200 reams second-class ledger paper,
white or blue, laid or vrovp, vari-
ous sizes and weights.
(3,300 reams tissue and copying paper.
40 reams blotting paper, any required
color and. weight.
S20 reams marble, comb,'- and lining pa-
per, various sizes.
700 reams typewriter paper, various sizes
and weights.
1,115 reams letter, note and quarto-poet
paper. . , •.
200 reams white French folio, 17x22
Inches. .
25 reams extra S. and ■ C. tissue paper,
23x38 Inches.
2,000 sheets parchment, 15x21 inches.
PropopaU will be received for one thousand
reams or more.
; By direction of the Joint Committee of Con-
gress on Public Printing.
F. W. PALMER.
Public Printer.
Washington. D. C, December 12, 1904.
SALE of o'.d material at the Navy Yard, Mare
Island. Cal. — There will be aold at the Navy
Yard. Mar* Island, Cal. ' material belonging
to the navy, condemned as unfit for use
therein, consisting of hand tools, diving ap-
Ii&ratus, furniture, clocks, spy glasses, com-
passes, sounding machines, scales, musical
instruments, flags, books, lathes, planers,
shapers, drills, engines, boilers, ordnance,
ordn-mce stores, ammunition, surgical in-
struments, anchors, hawsers, rope, pumps,
life preservers, Junk, dishes, tableware, pro-
visions, clothing, shoes, mattresses, safe,
scrap steel," launch, etc. The sale will be
for cash to the highest bidder by sealed pro-
posals to be opened fit 1 o'clock p.m., Janu-
ary 12, 1905. Schedules ' containing form of
proposals and terms of sale will be furnished
rai application to the general storekeeper.
Navy Tnrd. Mare Island. Cal. - PAUL MOR-
TON. Secretary of the Navy. 11-29-04
SEWIETU MACHINES A2TO BTTPFI.IES.
IF you buy a White for a Christmas gift you
make no mistake: you not only get the best
sewing machine on earth, but also a beauti-
ful and useful Christmas present. White
Co.'s office, 915 Market st. '
ALL makes; 2d hand. $2, *5 S7. $9; new,$4, $8;
drop heads, 5 drawer, golden oak. -$15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co., 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3790.
DOMESTK3 — The machine for family use; -best
ls cheapest; second-hand all make? at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. - Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st:, near Sixth., ■
I ALL kinds second-hand $3, . $5, SS; slightly
used $10. $15. $20; you know where the dolls
swing in the window." 1061 • Market , st.'"- '.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE -RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTEKIWO AND STAMITERINQ.
Downtown, '521 Franklin, near McAllister, , 8
to 12. Open-air school, 810 Diamond St.; tel.
Capp 5173; 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name -and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. ■
BORN.
LAZANSKY— December 17, 1904. to the' wife
of S. Lazansky. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BURCKES— GRANT— In this city, December
15. 1904. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Samuel
S. Burckes and Mary E. Grant.
CLARK— LINN— In this city. December 16.
1904, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Frederick
W. Clark and Marguerite P. Linn. ■ v
DIED. .
Eoyter, Katherine— 39. Hawkins Mary— 07
Brazil. Eva— 9. Hinger. Minnie— 54."
Brown. George W. — 35. Homager Sarah, A.
Carter Susan M.— 62. Jennings. Patrick.
Cole. John A.— 75. Kelly, Michael— 67.
Cunnlngham.Frank— 22;Mftddcn, Catherfne~65
°.e Landresse, Louis— 33 Martin, < Minnie G
Elliot. Charles E. McCa.w,Arabrose B.— 4*
Emler.' EIols— 6. IMeBsinger. John P.— 49
Fleetwood. Thomas. Rae, Joseph— 24.
Fuselli. Federico — 44. Rice. Susan W.— 83 ;
Gercken. Marguerite— 9 Ruddy, Bernard— 74 '
Grosjean. Mlra— 2. Shores. Samuel B.— 28.
BOYTER— In Alameda, . December 17 1904
Katherine E. Boytcr. beloved wife of John
A. Sorter. ■ a native of California, aged 89
years 5 months 'and 6 days. j
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral Tuesday ]
December 20, at 9:30. a, ; m., from her lato ■
residence, 1217 Union , street, thence to St '
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass '
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul ■
at 10 a. m, . Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
BRAZIL— In Larkspur.. Marin County Decem-- '
ber -18. 1904. Eva., beloved daughter ■ of An- 3
"tone and Rosa -Brazil, a native of San -Ra-
fael, aged 9 years 1 month and 20 days.
BROWN — In, Oakland. .December 17 1904 \
George W" beloved husband of Mrs.'B" m' "1
Brown, and father of George Brown, and' son'
of W. , L. and ■ Mary F. Brown. ; a native of 1
California, aged : 35 years 4 'months and : 18 \
■ days. 1 1 - x ; - *. *
CARTER — In ' Oakland, December " 18, 1904
>" Susan M.. wife .- of the ■ late -. Benjamin - h' <
'.'. Carter./ and ; beloved . mother • of George 8 D '
: Theda, Nettie.. Luna.': Bertha and Olive Car'-' I
ter.aged 62 years. . >-. - .
COLE — Near Valllcita, Calaveras County Cal"" '
John - A. • Cole, beloved brother of Mrs'-' John *
Collins, and uncle of Charles E.?Montgom- .'
• «ry, a native of Thomaston, Maine- ared 73 '
years 1 month and 29 days. |; E
ETFriends and /acquaintances are; respect- '
fully invited ■ to • attend the : funeral to-day J
(Monday); at 8 a. m., from the funeral oar- J
Ions of Bunker : & ' Lunt. • 266« Mission street
(Mission Masonic Temple). : between Twenty- '
second ' and Twenty-third streets. .; Interment *
"Private.'.- r l_-"'- --■■ •■ ■ "..-
CUNNINGHAM— In this • city, December - 18 l
. 1904, Frank.' beloved son of "Annie and the °
/. late John Cunningham, and -brother s of John %
and William - Cunningham, Mrs. > James
Dukelow: and Mrs.-Louls, Baur, ~: a native of x
i San Francisco, aged 22 years 10 months and I
,;i8 da >' B - V'iiSSSJ^^^BBHBHBBB
DBLANDRESSB-In Bakersflcld, Cal De- C
cember 17. 1904.-. Louis M.. '. beloved son * of a
;»H.;C.and the :late Marie de Landresse, - and $
brother; of Charles- P.. .Adeleand' the »late
Henry : and < Cesar de I^andresse -. a = native » of J
San Francisco 1 aged. 33; years' \ : - ;■' ■■■• • ■'• i,
CyRemalns at the parlors' of H.F. Suhr s
'' & Co. . 1137 ■ Mission - street between Seventh"
"and Eighth. Notice of: funeral hereafter. 1 ;
ELLIOT— In : Santa'" Barbara t December
1904, Charles ' E. Elliot father . ofi' Emery
,W., George S.- and Rose A ■ Elliots " *
EMLER— In this city December 17, ' 1904,
. Elois. beloved child of John and* Ida Emler,
a native of Indiana, aged C years 10 months
'and 19 days: -\ r ,- \ ..--...-
FLEETWOOD— In this , city. !, December 18,
• 1904, Thomas, husband of -Minnie Fleetwood,
and father. «f .Anita Ethel and
. Helen Fleetwood, a native of Ireland.
FUSELLI— In : this* city G December 18. 1904,
Federico, beloved father of -Attllio. Mary,
Achllle, Edward, Annie, Madalena and
David Fuselli. - a native of ' Italy, aged 44
, years.
GERCKEN— In this city, December 18. 1001.
Marguerite Regana Gercken, beloved child
• . of William H. and Maggie Gercken. and lov-
ing sister of Nettie, Annie Susie and Willie
Gercken, and beloved grandchild of Nettie
and the late Ernest H. Gercken a native of
8an Francisco, I aged 9 years ll" months and
■ 1 day. - ■• - - y. . . .. .-,
(ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
■ December 20. at 2 o'clock sharp, from th«
residence of . her parents, 2421 Greenwich
street, thence to Mount Olivet Cemetery for
interment, by 3:30 p m. train from Third
and Townsend streets" •
GROSJEAN— In Berkeley. December 17, 1904,
Mlra. dearly beloved daughter of Charles
E. and Elly Mahoney Grosjean. a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 5 months and
17 days.
lETFuneral services will be held at the
residence. 1738 Walnut street Berkeley, on
Tuesday. December • 20 at • 10:30 a. ' m.
Friends are Invited to' attend. Interment
private. -
GROVE— In this • city December 18. 1904,
Lucy 'A. M. -Grove beloved aunt of Henry
B. Jr., W. A. and 'George L. .Underhlll and
.Mrs. Anna F. Hart, a native of. Virginia.
(Stockton papers please copy.)
ICTThe funeral : will take place Tuesday.
December 20 ; at 1:30 p. 1 m,, from the First
Presbyterian Church, Sacramento street and
Van Ness avenue. Interment Stockton.
HALL— In Oakland, December 16, 1904, 'Eliz-
; abeth C.< Hall, beloved mother of Mrs. C. E.
Congdon of Jamestown a native of- New
; York, aged CO years. - "
CTThe funeral services to-day (Monday),
at 2 p. m.', at the parlors of Halsted & Co..
84tt Mission street. Interment private.-
HAWKINS — In West- Oakland December 18,
■ 1904, Mary, beloved wife of the late. Thomas
Hawkins, and mother of. May. Thomas J. and
C. W. Hawkins and Mrs. J. Rodger, a native ;
of County Longford, Ireland aged 67 years
5 months and 8 days
(ETNotice o f funeral hereafter.
HINGER— In . this city December 18, 1904,
, Minnie Hinger. beloved wife of Fred. Hinger
a native of Saxony, Germany, "aged 64 yearn
V months and 20 clays.-- ■''-
(CTRemalns at the 'funeral parlors of the
H. F. Maaas Company, »17 Mission street,
near Fifth. : v i
HOMAGER— In j Oakland, Cal., December 10, i
1904. Sarah A., wife of the late Henry Hom-
ager a native ot Pennsylvania. -- j
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this (Monday) morning at 10:30 o'clock.
, at the A. ■ M. > E. Church on Fifteenth
street, between West and Market. Oakland.
Interment Mountain ; View Cemetery. •
JENNINGS— In city, December 18, ,1904,
at his residence. 95 Dorland street, near Do-,
lores. Patrick, beloved husband of Elizabeth I
Jennings, father of Margaret, Peter and Gil- j
bert Jennings, and brother of Peter and I
. Katherine Jennings, a native of Galway. Ire-
• land. ,' • ...- •■ ■ * • ■
KELLY— In this city December 17, 1904,
Michael, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Kelly, and beloved father of James J..
Thomas P., Michael E. Jr. and John L.
Kelly and - Mrs. W. Rennison, a native of
County Meath,- Ireland, aged 67 years. f
iryFriends and acquaintances are respect -
.fully Invited:to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). December 20 at 8:30 a. ra.. from !
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
. Bion street. -Between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to the Church, of St. Vincent de Paul. >
Stelner and Green "streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his eoul. commencing at 9:30 a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MADDEN — In this city December 17. 1004,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late John
Madden, beloved mother of Edw. .Ferguson,
and sister of Mrs. R.A. Frost, a native of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 65 years.
(L^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral; to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 2410 Harrison . street, thence to St.
' Peter's 'Church, Alabama street,- near Twen-
ty-fourth.- where > a- requiem high mass will
be celebrated for, the repose of her soul.
■ Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '-'• ■
MARTIN— In this city, December ! 17. 1904,
. Minnie G., wife of Dr. William Martin, and i
mother of Miriam Dorrltt Martin, and sister
of Emma G. Obenchaln of Klamath Falls, j
Ore.; Jewel Carpenter of Sacramento. Frank
P. Grohs of .Oregon, and Lollye G. Toster.of
this city, a native of .California. ... . . . .
IU?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ' to attend the - funeral services \
to-morrow (Tuesday). . at 2 p. m., at her late
residence,- 905 Ashbury etreet. ■ Interment' at
. Auburn, v Cal. " Services, at Grohs' VealOence,
•at 2 p. m. Thursday; -I •' ' -(• '.'•;£;* :{
McCAW— In • Oakland. December , 16, ; 19O4, !
' Ambrose B.. beloved, husband or lone Mc-
Caw. and brother of J6hn Alexander. Archi-
bald B.. James and William McCaw.t a na-
tive of Canada, aged 49 years and 10 months, j
• (C7"Frlends and- acquaintances are .respect-, ('
fully invited to attend the funeral services !
' this . (Monday) afternoon.. December 19 , at
3 o'clock.- at the parlors of Albert "Brown,
T>72 Thirteenth street, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
MESSINGER— In this city, December 17, 1904,'
John P. Messinger, a native of New ,York,
aged 49 years. . . ;
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend .the funeral to-day
(Monday),, at 9 a. m., from the. Chapel of
the Passion attached to St. Mary's Hospital,
corner of First and Bryant streets, where a
requiem high mass . will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 7 a.
m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. - -
RAE— In Phoenix, Ariz.. December 15. 1904.
Joseph, dearly beloved son of Robert and
Margery Rae, and beloved brother of Mrs.
F. Thain, Mrs. J." C. Besley, Mrs. F. E.
Ware and Robert and: Alexander Rae, a na-
• tlve of San • Francisco, aged 24 years.
K7 Notice of funeral hereafter. .
RICE— In ' San Rafael - December 18 1904,
Susan W.. beloved mother of W. A. Rice,
and sister of Mrs. Sarah' Wldden and Mrs.
Margaret Graham, a native of New Hamp-
shire, aged 83 years 11. months and 22 days.
i' lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' services I
' Tuesday. December 20, at 11 a: m., at the j
• First Presbyterian Church, corner Fifth and
B •■ streets. • San Rafael: ." Interment ■ Mount
Tamalpals Cemetery..
RUDDY— In this city. December - 18. 1904,
Bernard, beloved husband of Ellen G. Ruddy,
and • brother of - Mrs. Ellen Doherty. Mrs.
Mary McGinnls of Sacramento and Mrs. .
Fenny- Cox. a native of - Ireland, aged 74
years, r— " -''•-..-.■ - : ' ■■"• ; , ' .-.
■ ■■ K7 Friends and -acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m..' from his late resl-
• dence, 502 Fourth etreet. thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass I
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9. a. m. Interment 'Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHORES^In* this city, 18, 1904. ,
Samuel Brockett. beloved husband of Sarah
. Shores, and son of Samuel and Emma B.
Shores, a native of Ithaca. N. Y.. aged; 28 i
. years 4 months and 5 days. (Ithaca 'and I ]
Binghamton papers please , copy.) . / ',
.WILCOX— In Oakland, -^December 18 1904,
Thomas Carneal Wilcox, beloved Infant son :
of Edward B. Wilcox and Bessie Foote Wil-
cox." and brother of .Ward, Stuart and Marion 1
Wilcox. aged 2 months and 21 daya. t
liteAli ESTATE TRAXSACTIOXS.
BATURDAY." DECEMBER 17.
Thomas Hancock to Ethel Ross, lot on. E
line ■ of ; Devlnadero ; street,". 75 ' S , of Oak. ,'S 50
by D'10C:3;also lot on Si line- of Oak etreet,
100:3 K of Devisadero.E 25 by S 137:0; $100.
m Penuel and ' Hannah . McClu're to': Emil Holl
lng lot on N line of ' Fulton street. 181:3 W
of Lyon. W 25 ,by N'137:6;'$10 •'--- - ' -.
•John Burns to Ellen. C. Miller, lot on ' S
line of Frederick street, 100 W of Clayton. W
t George E. ; and Marjr j c. Raum to .Emily S.
Newell, lot: on W. line of Julian avenue. 150
S of Fourteenth street. S 50 by W 80; : $10. ■"
-W illiam and Tillle * Greenebaum to Leopold
Michels, > lot ODvSW corners of Fifteenth and
* olsom streets, W 245 . by S '. 300; $10/ - . . "
_j. Anna M..\ G. Alexander ; and -- Gustav- H.
Theuerkauf to Charles ' H. J. . and Alice O.
Truman, lot on E line" Of Mission street '85
N 15™102; th $5.x ?' - E 122:6 -\ S'^'^"'^
''■. Hans and Lula Gulllxsen to Ella J. McMil
i^S'J?* - pn 8 llne of Twenty- seventh street,
100 AY of Guerrero .W, 25 . by S 114 ; $10. • ' -■
•^- Julia -Epstein (wife of Emanuel) , to George
Weasendunk. Jot on W; line of Sanchea street,
39 8 of Duncan, S 25 by.W 100; $10."
.J ull » E P»teln to Slgmund C. Clemens, same;
Giovanni - Glnacchlo to Colomba- Ginaochlo,
lot on W^. line; of . Kearny street. 57:6 >N of
Green, N 20 by W 80- gift^ - - /
% CaMnrTD. Knickerbocker to Henry E. Bothm
lot on: -Nw.llne.- of Natoma: street, -7JPSW of
Second. SW 25 by NW 46. quitclaim , deed • r-i_.
'- Rose -Woodworth '' to Antolne ■ Borel; r lot on
NW "o^-^yo; 8 ,^ 1 -: 215 NW °^ HarriSOn -
Vv William A;- BBckwith to Nettle E. Becicwith
lot;on;N. line of Twenty. third street. 75 E of
Rhode Island. E 25 by E. 100- $10. , -..
- George and t: Ernestine : ; Neile ; to" George r P
Lyon. lot on E line of Indiana -street. G0< N"
of Martin,'.N 75by B lOO;alsoMot on E line
Sf-'-^S^iA 1 ™'*'"- 30 ? S of Twenty- fifth, :s 50 by
.-.-■:■ Agnes " B. and. Wallace Bradford > to Mary A
Brlnd, lot on. B line! of: Thirteenth avenue -125
S: of California street,* S 25 by E 120; $10 V
- Gottlieb T. and • Anna: Knopf to i J. S. ' and
Catherine ? A.'» Hurry.' .lot ? on iW line ■> of • Third
avenue.T lOS N of : B. street.^ N'34 by. W; 116;
Rebecca. Jennings. to Edwardrand James "H
Jennlnes.^ Rebecca iDoollttlo ; (wife tof r J:r E )'
lot : on NE . corner ? of iTenth * avenue S and ' i
street. » N 285 by E 120; r also ; lot ' on ■ B • line of
RECLAMATION
WORK PLANNED
State Commissioner of Pub
lic Works Ryan Tells of
Result of Recent Surveys
$16,QQO,gop IS REQUIRED
Eastern Engineers Outline
I Scheme to Prevent Floods
in the Sacramento .y alley
Special Dispatch .to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 18.— Frank D.
Ryan," State Commissioner of. Public
Works, returned to-day from Sioux
City, Iowa, where* 1 he"" attended . the
meetings Qf the Eastern engineers, Ma
jor Dabney, Major" Richardson and Ma
jor Chittenden, who have; studied the
reclamation and drainage /problems in
California and have formulated. an ex
tensive - report for the improvement • of
the present conditions, which will be
submitted to the Legislature. ; The .re
port -was not completed when Commis
sioner Ryan left Sioux City, although
the? plan it_ would propose was outlined.
Concerning the .report Ryan said:
It embraces a ''comprehensive plan for the
improvement of the Sacramento River and the
reclamation of the swamplands. ; The main fea
ture-will be to provide' a sufficient cross sec
tion area to, carry all the. water between prop
erly constructed levees, and the work to be un
dertaken will .bo <Wth this end: in view. Es
cape, ways and wiers will only be permitted
temporarily until sufficient embankments* are
constructed i or .channel,-, area , provided. . This
treatment has been successful with the Missis
sippi TUver and.no doubt .will - be successful
with the Sacramento."
The j report will probably not- suggest / any
treatment for the San Joaquln River, as it" is
believed that river can take care of Itself if the
Sacramento | is properly Improved.
I believe the engineers will recommend that
the construction and control of these levees
be placed with some central authority In or
der to insure the uniformity of the whole sys
tem., It will require future legislation to carry
the recommendations of the report Into effect.
Attorneys | selected; by the . River Improvement
and Drainage Association are now considering
bills. In line the engineer" ■ recommenda
tions. ; ..-'!" ,.- . ' ,
We will appeal to the Federal Government
for aid in carrying out this plan. I under
stand one-third of the cost of the work on
the Mississippi has been contributed by ; the
Government, and- we ought to get as much.
The rest should come from the land', owners
and the State. ■
It is estimated' the work outlined will
cost 516,000,000.
CHRISTMAS GIFT
FOND FOR "NAN"
Attendants in the Tombs
to Biiy; Present for the
Former "Florodora" Girl
Special Disoatch to .The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 18.— So confident
is "Nan" Patterson of acquittal that
her belief has spread . to the prison at
tendants, who;, are subscribing to a
fund Vith which to buy a present to
give to her when she Is discharged.
They also will give her a Christmas'
present. -■'■
"Nan" spent a cheerful and hopeful
day In the Tombs. She was in a more
normal mental state than on Satur
day, when she was nervous and some
what low spirited. She several times
remarked to the attendants that she
was glad it. was her "last" Sunday in
prison. To-day she" joked and* laughed
with several of the women
to whom she had taken a fancy. She
remarked to the matron that she was
anxious to v go oni the stand and was
positive she would be acquitted.
The prisoner's father called to see
her in the morning, but she acted on
the advice given to her on Saturday
by her. counsel and sent word to him
that she could not see him or anybody
else. Patterson then j sent a note to
her and received a long written mes
sage in reply. Several futile attempts
were made by women, evidently friends
of Miss Patterson, but who refused to
give their names, to see her to-day. ,
"The trial will be resumed to-morrow
morning .when it will be announced by
her counsel whether she is to go v on
the stand. •.
CHICAGO. Dec. ID. — The sash, door and
blind factory of Philip Wrenn & Co., at Cros
by and Halsted streets, was destroyed by fire
to-night. .Three . firemen were seriously in
jured. Loss 5100.000.
Tenth avenue. 110 S of I street, 8 175 by E
-120: gift. . . -
Rebecca Doollttle (Jennings) and James H.
Jennings to Edward Jennings, lot on XG cor
ner of Tenth avenue and J street. N 285 b- B
I 120; $10. ...
I Edward Jennings ■ to Patrick P. Qulnn, lot
on NE : corner of Tenth avenue and J street.
B 120 by. N 6O;81O. • , . " _,
; M. Howe ' to Maude ■ 1,. GoddanJ, lot on N
lirte of W street, 32:6 E of Seventeenth ave
nue. l E 50 by N 100: also lot on.E line of Sev
enteenth avenue 150 N^of W street. N 1C0
E 120. S 25. E 120, S 100. W..12O, N 25, W
120; ?10. ,. - . .
V. Georae Brazzale to T. B. Potter Realty
Company,; lot " 13, block 25, Rels Tract ; grant,
j". William C. and'Sarah J. Hamertonto Anna
Anderson, :lot on W line of Tiffany street, 148
Nof .Twenty- ninth. N 25 by W 60; $10. .
. Henry and Hilda "Wilstrup to Henry Bustorf,
lot 23, block X, Park Lane Tract No. 3: $10.
John C and Annie 11. Srencer to Bernard
Flnnegan, lot on SE line of Cherubusco (Elsie)
street, 1 75 SW of Esmeralda, SW 25 by 70, lot
498,; gift map 8: ?10. "V
Gustave and Marie Mayrisch to Jacob Hey
manComDany, lot ; on ; SW line of -'Thirtieth
avenu«r> 150 SE of . H . street. s SB 75 ' by i SW
.100,*. block 537, .South. San . Francisco ' Home
stead; $10. ': l", ' .
-c Charles .Winters. : Henrietta"' Fried," F. C. i
Winters "> (and - as .; trustee) and . Clara Horat
rneyer to Belinda* Newsom- (wife : of, William
A.)/, lots 137. : 139. '■ 141. 143 ,and • 145. Holiday.
roap'A; ?10. *'....'.:,:" v . r ; . . ■ ,
. Everett-D. Jones to same, lot 133. same:" $10.
■': S. ■ Ducas - Company to same; f lot on . E line
of . Bache " street. 150 S of , Crescent avenue,- S
25 by. B 70. .lot 133,; samer $10.,;/;, ..
- ■;•; Builders' Contracts.
-. ' Charles ■ F. Moore : (owner) .-" with - -Andrew
Chrlstensen $ (contractor), plans by owner All
work for .a; two-storj", and .basement, frame
bulldln«rj(twq"flatfi);on 1 lot'.on E line of Elev
enth avenue. '100 N. of. Clement street, N 23 by
E 120.- Outside L»nds 172; $36<X>.- '
COMPAGSIE eilT ERALE TRAN8ATL ANTIQUE.
DIRECT IJNE : TO . HAVRE-PARIS. ' J,*-'.-
Sailir.K every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at: 10, a. m/.. from Pier >-^S*&
i 42, North River, foot of ' Morton st. •
' ? First class to : Havre. "' $70 and -, upward. Sec-
ond class, to^ Havre, V $45 and '.upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA," S2 . Broadway . ; (Hudson - building)
New.York.^J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents,' 6 ; Montgomery r avenue. V San • Francisco.
Tickets "sold by. all' Railroad Ticket "Agents. ■ : ; •
TorU.^ S.\ITavT"Tard"and* Vallejo. .
• Strs.r, General Frlsble,; Monticello and Arrow
9:45 a.m.,'12:30 p.m.,;3:15':p.m.v 6 p.m., 8:J0 p'
m. ~ Leave ' San 3 Francisco ', Sundays 9:45 a.m.]
12:30 p.m.V\6*p.m.,\8:30 ; p.m. Leave Vallejo, '7
a.m.,' V a.m.V 12:30 p.m. ? 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m." Snn-
: day8/,,7.a.m.v'9 a.m.v3:20 p.m.~\8 p.m. Pier 2.
jft Mission St.; phone Main 1508.; HATCH. BROS.
Por U. ' 8/ Wavy iTard' tid "Valleio.
•' Stmr. H. • J.- CORCORAN I leaves north end
; Ferry : bide, foot of -Clay.; St.; 10 /a.m.;- 5-30
•.p.m.; X Sundays,: .10, a.m... S, .p.m.* -i- Leave
Vallejo.i Aden's ■ wharf," 7:15 : a.m:;- 2:30' p.m. •
Sundays,' 7:15 a. m.. r 5 p.mrFare 25c each way'
: PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL. CO.
NACIONAl^COMPANY.
JUST QF PaEMItTM STTMBEBS. 1 TO
12.000. AS DBAWXI IN THE CITT OP
Mexico oar December lTth. 1904.
-No. Prem.l • No. "Prem.| No. Pr«m.
: 1 : 1
150... 2.5O 4598... 2.50 0308... 2.50;
• .243... 2.50 4tJ73... 2.50 9461... 2.5O
' 326... 2.50 4727... "2.50 9475... 2.50 1
f 509... '2.60 4869... 2.50 9708... 5.00
L 703... 6.00 4900... 2.50 9731:.. 2.6l»
825... 2.50 5122... 2.50 9TO8... 5.00
\ • 3 82«... 7.50 5184... 2.50 9S«4... 2.50
, 1O46. .. 2.50 6388...- 2.50 9906... 6.00
1077... 2.B0| 6401.. SOU.OO 10053. . 1»O.(M»
1105.... S.60I 5«68... 2.50,10094... 2.50
| 1152... 2.C0 GOSS... 2.3010147... 7.5O !
. 1256... 2.50 6362... 2.50 10190... 2.50
1257... 2.50 6375... 7.50 10283... 7.50
1342... 6.00 6423... 7.50 10371... 2.50 1
1480... "2.fO 6666... 2.50 10425... 2.50 |
5 1542... "2.50 0772... 2.5010647... 2.50
1720 1200.00 6S6O... 75.00 10617... 2,50
. 1804... 5 00 6&S3... 7.50 10777... 2.50
> 2001... 2.60 6901.., 2.5010782... 5.00
223B... 2.50 7591... 7.5O10936... 2.50
r 2443... 2.C0 7786... 5.00 10980... 2.50
2C01... 2.50 789U.. 2,6011162... 2.50
2C91... 7.50 7901... 2.50 11166... 2.50
2700.V. <7 50 7909... -2.50 11319... 5.00
2787... 7.50 8114... 2.50 11360... 2.60
2828... 2.50 8200... 2.50113S8... 2.50
30S5... 2.60 8239... 2.50 11427... 25. CO
3371... 2.K) 8330... 2.60 11467... 2.50
3291.-.. 2.50 8421... 2.50 11642... 2.5*
; 3403... 2.50 8449... 5.00 11668... 1i.W
3455... 2.50 8540... 2.5011672... 2.60
3722... 7.50 86737.. 2.5011684... 2.50
. 4338... 2.60 8749... 5.00 118.TO... 5.00
4340... 2.50 8918... 2.60 11848... 2.50
4450... 7.30 9119... ; 2.60 11863... 25.00
> 4509... , 2.60 9170... 2.50 119S3... 75.00
1 TERMINAL., PRIZES.
• 120 numbers ending with 26, being the
• last two flsruree of the number draw-
> -,J n * the capital prise of $1200 00 $120 00
. 120 numbers endlns with 91. being the
1 last 1 two figures of the number draw-
ling, the capital prize of $300 00 120 00
- • - $240 00
No. 172C sold In San Francisco, Cal.
No. 5491 sold in Sen Francisco Cal.
, No. 10.053 -sold In San Francisco. Cal.
, The above prizes are based on 50-oent tickets.
_.•_ _ OCEAN TRAVEIi.
sffSG-^^S. Steamers of * company, or
yt»^"""~S»>y for which it is agent, leave
l fPj l iuttmm a J^n\ Piers ° and Ht San Fran-
I I VsffA) I For Ketchikan, Wrangel,
i \ \ \^"^IA#/ JunMu . Treadwell, Halnes.
V*»:M" JkV 8karuay."etc. Alaska— 11 a.
Xf^ZL-i&y - m-. Dec. 16. 21. 26. 31. Jan.
X^AtanjJ^ 5 - Chang* to this company's
\ ■ ■ ' n ' " steamers at Seattle.
' For Victoria, Vancouver, Port Townsend, i
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, South Belllngham '
Bellingham — 11 a. ra.. Deo. 16,- 21.- 29. 31. Jan
5. Change at Seattle to this company's steam-
ers for Alaska. and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or
Taccrma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
■ P. Ry. ' .
. For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona.- 1:30
p. m., Dee. 18, 24 30. Jan. 5. Corona. 1:30
; p. m.. Dee. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. <-
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a m.
-For- Los An«eles (via San Pedro and East
San. Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crua, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harf ord (San
Luis Obispo). .Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Dec. 17. 26, Jan. 2.
■ Coos Bay, 9 a. m., Dec. 21. 29, Jan « -
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos« dal
Cabo, Masatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
Guaymas (Mex.h 10 a. m.. 7th of each m" th.'
.Kor further information obtain folder Right
ls J^sfjved to change stesmers or sailing dates
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel).- 10 Market st.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office 10 Market at.
C. D.DUNANN. General Passenger Agent"
tr*. t. *.- -J 10 Marke * **•• San Francisco.
The: Pacific. Transfer Co.. 20 Butter St.. will
call for rand check - baggage from -. hotels and
• residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
S. S. VENTTIRA. for Honoiuln. Samoa, Anck.
land and Sydney.. Thursday. Dec. 22. 2 P M
8.S: ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec. 31, 11 A.M*
! 8. J. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec 31. U aTS.'
j.r.sPBi(msiBEOi ca, utiiHeijtoinnMnir.
Jel . . Freight Cfflca 327 Marfat St. Pier 7. Paciis it.
' RATLWAY TRAVEL.' V^
icHICAGO X |N i3 DAYS!
I m LEAVES DAILY AT9I5O A.M.!
s . Other Santa »• Tralasi
7:30 a. m.l .
0:30 a. m.J For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersneld.
8:00 p. m.J Merced, Hanford and VisaUa.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon ■
and Chicago.
Ticket Of flees— 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal.; also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAW , FBA2TOISCO TO BAIT SA7ASL. •
"WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trtn
at 11:30 p. m/"
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:60 and 11:80 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30 S:30
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m. . .
SAN BAFAE3* TO SAW FKAKCXSOO.
WEEK DATS— 8:05. 7:35, 7:50. »:20, 11:13
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Ssturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 6:33 p. nu
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:40. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40.
- 4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. .
Leave I la Effect I Arrive
, San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. ( San Fran. v
-Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun-. J Week
Days. I days. | tlon. ( days, f Days.
7:30a 8:00a 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Ignaclo. g 10:40 a 10:20 a
A:30p 3:30 p ' 6:03 p 6:20 p
B:10p 5:00 p - - 7:33 p
7:30 a y 9:10a 8:40 a
8:00 a :< Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p A:30p and 7:35 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ! " 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:00a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 p
8:80 p 3:30p •;,.-:»
Windsor, i .'.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
— Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
: - Cloverdale. -
7:30 al 8:00 aj'" Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
I 7j WilUts ~and I [ :
7:30 a) 8:00 a] Sherwood. | 7:85 p| 6:20 p
'7:30a| 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p{ Guemeville. v | 7:35 p| 6:20 p '
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 a| 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. |.6:05p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:00a| • , 110:40 a]10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. ( 7:35 p( 6:20 p
.STAGES connect at Green Bra* for San '
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur ".
Si-rlngs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for ~.
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggi
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vllle- and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. -Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake port. Bart let t ""
Springs and < Lake County Hot Springs; : at a
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, ' Saratoga • 8nrlngs
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs' i
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's'
Riverside. LderljTs. Bucknell's. . Sanhedrin !
Heights, Hullville. Git's Hot Springs Halfway »
House. Comptche, Hopkins. Mendoclno City
Fort Bragg, Westport and Usal; at Wllllts for
Fort Bragg.; Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood l
toe Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvtlle. Cummlnga
Bell's Springs. Harris. .- Hubbard Frultland ■ f
Dyer. Garberville. Camp 5, Pepperwood.' Scotia
and Eureka. ' • . . g
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ' •—*"** ly'lKIB' i*|^r*T s yBHrllWf^f i
On , Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points I
beyond San Rafael's t half: rates f
Ticket office. • 650 Market street. Chronicle
buildlm. • '•■ii--.' >.. ■
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN I
; ■-■-, Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. - Agt.
... ■ — . p
Mt. Tamalpais Railway „
LT.Ssaraacii^ Jj»^ ir.tnfrwxn * a
H4SP 1:45,1 TJgy \*Ul ""*iX ,
- r llfim 1 SSi^ AMar ST^ y «^» Shore Railroad? =
! and Sawauto F«»y, Foot MarkatsSu }
'■""-■':• -V
AUCTION SALES
EDWARD S. SPEAR a CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
NOS. 31-33 S!TTKi[ ST." "'
Books! Books!
TUESDAY. December 20, 1904
We- Will Sell in Salesroom
THREE THOUSAND BOOKS
In all departments of literature consigned to
us for absolute sale by the largest book nub-
lisher of New York City.
BOOKS NOW ON VIEW. •
EDWARD S. SPEAR * CO., Auctioneer*
fes fe
AUCTION SALE
OP* THOROUGHBRED RACE HORSES
Bred by HON. THEODORE WINTERS.
Waaho*. Nevada.
To Be Sold at PUBLIC AUCTION.
MONDAY. December 19. 1904. at 3 p. m..
At SALESYARD COR. VAN NESS WE and
• MARKET ST.
In New Pavilion — by Electric Light.
j - Send " for Catalogues
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. Livestock Auc-
tioneers.
Successors to Kill!x> It Co.,
1782 Market street. San Francisco, CaJ.
£* \ *** £*
¦ By order of J. Commlngs of Redding. I will
sell 30 ALL-PURPOSE HORSES, also a lot of
wagons, buggies, surreys, carts and harness,
TUESDAY, December 20. 11 a. m. at 1140
Folsotn st. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£=* &* ' 'te*
AUCTION SALE— WEDNESDAY. Dee 31
at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARK 3&
SIXTH ST 90 GOOD HORSES and MARES
JOHN' J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
1 - RAILWAY TRAVET..
" U^^^iZi 8AN FRAKCI3COW
jr V^J^J^ (jroot of Market Strs«t.> .
' "<T1 ~ MAIN LINE. -a»7FtT
X £-TO* J»«^U^ Winters. Barney „ JJoi
. 7-50A YUleJo, JTsps, Csllstogs, Suit
7 i-f5* Hnes,Tr»ey. Lathropj8tockt««..^ 7.20*
8 00a Saasta Express—CVta DstIs).
Wim»in», Willow*. tFrmto. Red
it Blnff. Portland. T»cora», Se»ttla 7.fQp
i- ■COADsrU.WoodlsBd.KntgliuLsadlag,
n UsrytTUle. Orovlll 758»
•■ JOa Mtrtiatz, Aatloch. Byroa, Trsey.
Stockton, X«»mM, Los Banos,
MSBdota, ArmoBa, Hsaford.
11 __ VlsalU. fonermie 4.20*
t. ■•30a Port Coats. Modes to. Merced.
i Fresno. Goafecn Jaaettoo. H»a-
it ._. ford. VUslU. Bskenneld 4.53*
i ■•3D A 5He». Ban Jose. Llrermore. 8toes>
ton.(tMIItoo). iQn*. Sacromonto.
. v« MarysTllU. Chtco. Bed Bluff .... 4 20»
. ■•JOAOstdale. Chtaa»«, Jsmestows. 8o> -
"* _"■ " nors, Tnolnnnr sad Angel* 4»20»>
2'52 A Atl»BtloKxpre«t—O«rden »nd K*<i. 5 20*
•40a Richmond. Msrtlaes sad Wsy
[\ -1- SUUons Z t-SO»
3 1040a The. Or«rl«nd Limited — «>gdfx
Onsha, Chlesgs, DenTsr, Kansas
" «nM Cl»y. 8t. Louis.... 1.20*
■ 10.00a Vsllejo_^, 12.23*
10.00a Los Aojceles PsssVngeV—"Port
Costa. Msrttnsx. Byroa. Trwy,
L»throp. Stoekton. Merced.
Raymond, Fresno. Ooihfn Judo- - ■
• • tlon, Hanford. Lemoore. Visalia.
. Btkewfleld. l.os Angeles 7JB»
. 12-Wm Hsywsrd. Niles snd Way 3taUons. 5.20*
ti OOP Bicrameato BlTer 8(esmers. tti.OO*
aJOPBonicla, Winters. Ssersaienta
Woortland. Knights Laading.
Msryirtlle. OroTlll* and way
5 .-. ■tstfons i. 10.50a
S-30P Hay ward. Nile* sad WnyStstlon».. 7.5Q*
I*50p Port Costa, Martlnex. ByroB,Trscy.
Lsthrop. 8toclcton, Modesto.
Merced. Berenda, Fresno' sad ■
Way Stations beyond 1'ori. Coat* 12-20*
4 OOP Msrtlnes,8anRamoa.YtlleJo.Ksp*.
' CsUitogs, SaaU Rosa. 9 20a
4-00* Niles. Tracy, Stockton .;.. 1020a
4 JO* Hsywsrd. KUes. Irrlo^toB. Saa I T8.60A
' m' Jose. LlTermors > Jll.ga*
64M)*Tna Owl Limited—'Newnun. Lot
B«Bo«, Mcndoui, Fre»na. Talsra, -
_; __ Bskerstteld.LosAageles. ...,.„ 3-50*
1S.30P Hayward. Nile* »n.l ban Jom ..... 7.20*
{.OOP naf ward. Kiles sad San Join. 1.60*
I.CCP Eastern Express—Omahi, Chlc««o»
Vbnrer. K&ataa City. St. Louis,
Msrtlnei, Stockton. Sseramvabv
Colfsx. Reno. Sparks. itoateOow
Osrdea .................. , . , *2.53»
■••«* ▼sllaio. dally, except «anday.... » t *«•
7-OOp T«Hejo» Sunday only „.!.. f 7-80»
7J)0p KlchmoBd, San Pablo. Port Costs,
-mm- Msrtlnes sod Way Buttons j 11.21a
7>00p Beno Psmenfrer—Port Cost%. Ba»
aids, Sulsun, Elmlr*. Ptxoa,
Dsrls. 8scrsmenu>, Sparki. Tono>
_ ._ P*h, Keeler »nd Wsy Stations... V.83*
mJBom Oregon A Csllforata Kiprett— 8a«v
ramento, MsrytTtUe. Redding.
1 ,m Portland.PBget8o«»d and Bast. t.SOft
i.18* Bayward. Kile, snd Baa Jos* (Sna-
daTonly) .. H.B84
COAST Li N E t.1»rr.w Ua.g.).
(Foot a? Market Street.)
1.16a Newark. CenterrlUe. 8sm Jo»%
Feltoa. BoulJer Craek, Bant*
' ._ M Cm« snd Wsy StsUoas • S3*
tt.1l* Newark. CeaterrlUe, Saa Joia,
» ew Alm*<ien, Lot Gstos,Feltoa,
Bonlder Creak. 8sata Crux sm
Principal Wsy SUUons ......... tl3 S3*
4.1IP Hawsrk. 8sa Jose, Los' Gato*.. J *!HS*
««-3C* Hontcrs* Trsln (Satarday •nly)— T*^**
Saa Jo»e and Way BtaUomaT..... r725»
QdASt Ll Njf (Bro^l «..,.).
t. ty^ (Tnlrd sad TowasOTid Str—u.) . •
|1 Oa 6aa Jee« sad Wsy SUtioas.. —O3»
7.00a Ban Jose sad Way SUUsns. 6 40*
■4«lAN«wAUnsdea(Toes..Frld^(mly). ivt*
•40A The Coaster—Saa Jose. SsllBaa.
Baa Ard«,; Ps«9 Bobles, Sanu -
-Margarita, 6aa Lola Obtap«,
Gaadalap*. Oarlotm. Bants, Baa*
»ara.. Baa BnenaT«Btars, Moo-"
UIto. Oxnard. Burbank. Loa
Angol?» 11.3&P
•UWAOtlroy, Honister, Ca«troTin«. pel
Monte, Paciaa OroT«, Snrf. Lots-
poo 1040»
f ,00a Baa Jose. Tres Plaoi-WauonrnYi
Cspitols, 8sau Cm*. Pselfl*
OrQTt. Saltaaa. gaa Loi« ObUp*
10-30A8aaJotaan<iVBy8UUon«....I..~ 1.20*
11 40a Saa Joae aad Way Stations. .„.._ 7.S0*
1.15* Saa Joaaasd Way Stations... .... ■_*«*
•XO* Del Mont* Kxpraaa Casts, Oara. "">**
Ean Joae, W a t a o a r 111 e, Santa,
Crax. Del Host*. Moatsrey,
PsclflcOrove.......; 12.11*
tl-OOp Lot Gatoi. Wrlzbt. Boalder Creek, .
: Bsots Cruz, Tl» Ssbu Clan sad
NsrrowGsnfe tifl.45*
140* Vsleacla St, Sootii San Frsaetoco, TI"^OJ>
\ Barltaxame. Saa Joss, GOroy.
HolHtter. Tres Ptnos............. 10.48a
4 !0p txa Joie aad Way Btatloas tSJMLa
«S JiOm Baau Clara, San Joae. Lot Qstoa.
aad principal Way Scatloat (ax-
'*_ _ eept Sunday) ....;. t9.00*
K.SOp BanJoicandPrincipilWayStations 18 4al
ft 48* BvsMt Express.—Bedwood. 8aa *~™^
Joa«,6UroT,Balmas,PBSO Roblea,
N - Ssa Lais obispo, Santa Barbara,
Lot Asselei. Psmlnr. Kl Paso.
*t.Lonl«, NewOrleano,KewTork 9 la*
• Mf*P»]aro, Wauonrllle, Cspitols. w
ieaau Cms, CsstroTflls. Del " •
Monte. Faciflc Orore.-.. 10.30*
tt.18* EaaU»teo,Bere«ford.BelmoBt.8aa *^**^
- Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto JH t«4«A
6 SOp »an Joaa sad Wsy Suaons....in^ 8.36*
, 8C0pP»:o Alto and Wsy Statloai H lO^fil
11.30* South 6aaFrancisco,Millbrae,Bxif-
Macsme. Baa Mstoo, • Belmont • ':
" Esa Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks.
; Menlo Park, sad Pslo Alto tRAXa
•TJIIOp Mnfleld. Mountain View. 8uni£ T8^»*
•• Tale. Lswreace. Santa Clara sad
-" N >>aJ<>w ...^..v.;...^..i m^«.
AforKornlac P for Aftcrnoo*. '
• Bstarday oaly. *Voaday«lbi.
lbtop» at all stations om Baaday^^ '
■ CAZADERO, Etc.
I Tl» Hanamllto Ttrry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARO GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco.' daily, at tT:03,
7:45,,8:25. 9:10, 9:50. 11:00 a. m.: 12:20. 1:45.
3:15. 4:35. 5:15. 8:50. 6:30. ,T:15 10:15 aad
ll:!te p. n>. :
» A.rTl^*.* t San Francisco, dally, at f6:40.
7:35. 8:15. 8:50. »:35. 10:50 a. nu: 12:10 1:30.
2:55. 4:25. 5:06, 5:42. 6:22, «:57. 7:40 and U:25
p. m.
IDaily except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally; at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur-
dayg at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Saturday '
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. -.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally—Caiadero and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only —For Caxadero,
• - 5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
oay. for Tcmales, etc - t ■
v TICKET OFFICE— «50 Market st.
; FERRY—Union Depot, foot or Market *t
WEEKLY CALL, 81.00 PEB YEAB.FIGHTERS ARE SATISFIED WITH FORM THEY HAVE ATTAINED IN TRAINING
BRITT USES EXTREME CAUTION
ON EVE OF HIS COMING BATTLE
Welson Throws Discretion to tne Winds in a Bout
Boxes Fiercely With
■ Santry for Two
Rounds.
•There was no rough -work for Jimmy
3rttt yesterday at his Ocean Beach
gymnasium. It is too close to the crisis
'and the pride of California does not
>vant to hurt his hands except* on the
physiogomy or the anatomy of tfce
"iron-visaged. steel-ribbed Nelson. A
little meander by the sad sea waves
and a few rapid rounds with little
Johnny Roach, the 15-year-old 100
•r*ucd phenom, made up- the day's
v.ork.
There «u a clamoring multitude
.about the Seal Rock House, but most
'<<t them 'had to remain outside. The
'gymnasium, which holds or£y forty,
had about 200 in it all afternoon. Ad
mirers sardir.ed themselves into every
.nook and corner.
. Although it is the eve of the battle
James Edward shows no furrows of
«.ar? on his alabaster brovr. In the
bout wiih little Roach he passed out
.the jests in rapid succession. Jimmy
feels he is net due for a beating to
morrow night and retains the Britt
confidence in himself.
Spider Greenway Kelly, head strate
gist for Britt. was also full of confi
dence. The Spider feels his charge is
in the best condition of his career. He
paced around with the glad m'itt"ex
tended and echoed the feeling of con
fidence that hangs over Camp Britt.
Frank Rafael looks as though he had
t>een w orking. He seems - glad the
roughing is over. Britt will take only
light exercise to-day and- to-morrow in
order to keep within the weight, which
he expects to make easily. . .
•The largest crowd of sporting men
that has visited -Larkspur for many
•moons crowded ' Smiling ' Metzner's
tavern yesterday to watch Battling
kelson work for his coming battle
with Britt.
From early morning untH late in'the
afternoon the crowd kept gathering
and by the time Battling was ready
to work, rafter room was at a pre
mium. The Eagle Drum Corps was on
hand, and the quartet rendered several
selections. The fair sex was well rep
resented and all enjoyed the show.
Although the v. eat her was -wintry on
the outside the gym was stifling. Bat
went through his usual stunts, and
donned the mitt? with Rawhide Kelly
for a round. Kelly made quite a hit
with the ladies, although he merely hit
tfce carpet. Eddie Santry came next
and he find the Battling one went at
it hammer and tongs for two rounds.
Eddie could have gone a few more, but
was tvillingr to quit. Bat then did his
jumping; rope specialty and was
heartily applauded by the spectators.
After a selection by the drum corps
quartet Bat retired to his dressing
room amid the cheers of his admirers.
In the morning Bat took a short sprint
as en eye-opener. He is well down to
weight and seems in the pink of con
dition. .i,r-
Nelson's s«»<r>nds nn thejnight of the
■Tight will be Ted Murphy. Eddie San
try. Rawhide Kelly and Smiling Metz
ner.
Brisk betting is expected to-day on
the fight. The odds were 10 to 8 with
Britt favorite when wagering closed on
Saturday. The price is expected to go
10 to 7 and possibly lower. Consider
able betting is expected on the num
ber of rounds the fight will last. ,
While it is* known no boxer ever en
tered the ring who was proof against
a properly directed knockout blow,
each of these men thinks the other
oannot put him out. On this account
they may t&k* chances which they
would avoid otherwise.
Th.^ boxers are in condition for a
long strucprle and it remains to be
seen which will give wav first.
Shooting at Shell Mound.
At Shell Mound Park yesterday two
of the principal shooting clubs, the
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein and
the Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club,
held their regular bullseye, medal and
competition shoots. The day's re-
FUlts follow:
Monthly medal ehocting of the Norddeutscher
Sehuetren Club, champion class not repre
*fT4pd: Firrt cla»— J. LeEk«nau 414. Second
clase^ — D. Schinkei 362. Third class — H. Mun
fter 344. Fourth class — D. Stegemann 339.
Best first shot — G. Schul 25.' Best last shot —
a. fidiula 23.
Monthly bullseye shooting. San Francisco
Sebuetzfo WreJn — E. E>oel! 413. J «le Wit 431
•i H. B&krs 4«3. it. Dunker 593. F. Rust C25.
S. Heino 7fiC. D. Seifl'.ld £06, H. Bornh61dt
«*. J. L*nk«man 9€7, F, Brandt 1147. Captain
H. FteUlng 1165. A. LemsJre 1222. D. Stege
rnann 1214. J. Gefken 1346. D. Huntemsnn
1S<«. F. Hensel IC12. F. Pap* 1C2S. O. Lemcke
16W>, H. Z*ch«r 1875. E. Ipsen 2281.
Monthly competition shoot. San Francisco
Bciiuetwn \Vr«>tn — A. L«emalre 185, H. Born
hc.ldt 1U5. 6. Hn.no 190. A. Grants 1O. J. Gef
ken 17C, H. Hunt*mann 199. F. Hen«*l 170 G
H. Bahr* 193. F. Brandt 197. A. Schaef«M- Id.
OT t*mclc« 192. H. M»yw 1«, D. S«Jn*ld 1««.
<"aptaln H. Stalling 209. E. Doell 1S6, H.
Zech«>r 169. '
.It's funny that when an army's
wings are broken it is most apt to fly.
ADVE^TISE^IEXT^
WEAK MEN CURED
>r^s. We hare a uafe.
aOLOONLVtvusAff^ SIMPLE HOME
,ra| .^p^JKOj^yr cure and want
2g2 /_, «-.Y^-*^ r( V "^DEVELOPED
til ''V>B r * cB Stf prcval without
j£* L' US' 2 O ' Harge. Cail or:
<*wt KV^^T^cV^ "O "« or »rite fcr
£3t*5' - ,/ l «T 7 *■• > > cur new v *" r y 1^
!|T ON THE '&S5 ftructive 10O-p« K e
7ft SQUARE c «2i " '"unrated bock.
' I tVr ■ 1T1 > I lm\ k M&m * plalningr our nio«i
u ™ -nlt rtmarkabl* treat-
n?i.rt. It will re*tor« the fire and VIGOR
of YOUTH. The only poalttv* means ' known
I ' wiumrr uatTHRAL wcoc»tion **-*■ *■*&
which will fully enlarge and completely de-
velop tbe orK&DC. uit-d with our Soluble Cray-
i.i.k quickly cures ail drains end dicchanrea
Varlcoc«le. Stricture, Pranatnre ' Decay, En-
larrrtnest of Prostate Gland, etc. Oar phy-
elcUaa ar« experienced cpeclalliU for MEN
only. 'W'f have the most successful home cure
■In the world. CALL, or' WRITE TO-DAY.
Book sect 6ECCHELY SEALED free.. Hours—
9 to S. S un<5ej-t — 10 to 1.
Yacnnm Appliance Co., ''.&££■•
. ■• ■ - .
Author cf "EA3JDS SYSTEM or HJS.K-
3ZCAPPIIT& A59 TUEP SFECUI.A-
TOE'8 QUIDS." • V . ;
Salt* 3, 4 and 5. Greyetoa* Hotel '
.• 66 Gesry Street, San Francisco
Phone James 25 Si. ,
Terms S&JOO daily: S15 weekly ox S50
References— Any reputable racing man
in America.
; FAVORITE FIGHTIXG ATTITUDES OF THE CLEVER PLUMBER BOY AND I
i THE GRITTY DANE. BOTH OF WHOM ARE PUTTING THE FINISHING
j TOUCHES TO THEIR TRAINING. (
RACKETS SWING
ON THE COURTS
Many Matches Are Played
on the Club Courts and
• in Golden Gate Park
On the California tennis courts yes
terday several continuous tournament
matches were played, while at the pub-,
lie courts in Golden: Gate Park the
fourth-class tournament was completed
down to the finals. The latter event
was started several weeks age, but has
been postponed several times . on ac
count of the wet weather. Only eight
players were left to compete yesterday,
but owing to delay occasioned by wait
ing for a player who did not appear
the game was not finished. N. P. Mar
tin and W. A. Peck reached the finals,
which will be played next Sunday.
In the continuous tournament three
first-class matches were played, with
the result that George Janes remains
in third place and Carl Gardner goes up
one number. In the Janes-Will Collier
match the latter was the challenger
and lost three sets out of four. By mu
tual agreement the match was made
three sets out of five instead of two out
of three. All four sets were close, but
Janes clearly outplayed his opponent.
He won the first two sets and Collier
took the third. Janes led at 5-1 in the
fourth and won out when Collier got as
far us 4-5.
Carl Gardner went up only one peg,
but he beat two good. men. In the first
match he beat S. H. Adams two sets
out of three. Gardner was No. 12 and
Adams No. 13. Gardner next took on
Frank Mitchell, who was No. 11, and
won three seta out of four. Gardner
won the first, second and fourth sets
easily. The third Mitchell took by a
small margin.
Two matches /were played in the third
class and two' In the fourth. In the
former Spencer Grant (5) . beat H. E.
Punnett (6), and Moulton Warner (2)
beat Dr. Lovegrove (4). In the faurth
class M. Little (5) beat Dr. Noble (4).
and W. Murphy (8) beat C. N. Ravlln
(9). In the first class Harry Rolfe (6)
changed places with Ray Splivalo (5)
on account of the defauR of the latter.
The day's matches- follow:
Continuous tournament: First class — George
Janes (3) *eat Will Collier (4), 6-4, 7-5, 4-8,
6-4; Carl Gardner (12) beat S. H. Adams (13),
10-8, 5-7. 6-2; Gardner (12) beat F. 8. Mitchell
til), 6-2, 6-2. 4-6. 6-2. . .
Third class— M. Warner (2) beat Dr. Love
grove <4). 6-2. 6-4; Spencer Grant (5) beat H.
E. Punn«tt (6). 8-6, 6-1. 6-4.
Fourth class— M. Little (5) beat Dr. Nobte
<4), 7-5. 9-7. 6-2; W. Murphy (8) beat C.7N.'
Ravlin (9). 6-4. 6-3.
Practice matches — B. F. Xourse beat G. H.
Buech. 6-3, 6-1. 6-O:: Murphy and Warner beat
Dr. Noble sad '. George Cuttec. 7-5. 8-7, - 2-6;
Paul Jones and A. Taylor beat Sidney Salis
bury and On-llle Pratt, 6-4. 3-6. 6-4; H. Lund
and H. Spring tted E. Robbing and C. N.
Ravlln, 4-6, 7-6: Spring and Lund beat W. G.
Knowlton and Robblns, 6-2.
Park courts : Fourth - class — M. .A. Peck
beat W. W. Fuller, 6-1, V 6-1 ; E. ■ Turner beat
M. P. Martin by default; H. Vensano beat B.
Brown. 6-0. 2-6.' 8-«: N. H." Martin beat H.
T. Miller, 2-6. 6-2, 10-8.
-Semi-final*— Peck *- beat Turner. 6-0. 6-2;
Martin beat Vensano. 6-4. 6-7, 6-0.
WILL DISCUSS CHILDREX'S, GARDENS.
Oakland,'- Dec. 18. —^The : Women's Civic -■ Im
provr-mont Club will hold Its regular meeting
to-morrow - afternoon -■ at • Chabot * Observatory
Hal \T The merting will be called to order at
S-o'cloC'k and final 'action 'will be taken on
the children's gardens section of the club. The
meeting is cptn to the public.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,- DECEMBER*' 19, 100J.
AGGIE W RUNS
IN FINE FORM
Til lent Makes Her Short End
Throughout the Day and
She Captures the Stake
T. Burke's Aggie W proved a stum
bling block for the talent yesterday at
Union Coursing Park. They laid odds
against her in all her trials and she
romped home with the reserve stake
in clever style. She beat In succes
sion Miss Lucille at 2 to 1, Sunny
brook at 3 to 1, Medea at 3 to 1, Bob
R at 5 to 2, Renegade Apache at 3
to 1 and Racing Auto at 5 to 4.
In the deciding course Racing Auto
dropped dead after running more than
two minutes. Aggie W showed to be
the faster, as she led and won the
course easily. She coursed after the
hare four minutes and twenty-four
seconds before the relief dog killed the
jack.
Quita won the flag from Carlow
Boy in the final of the class stake.
Carlow Boy was on the short end at
5 to 2 and led the favorite six lengths
to the hare, but tired badly. The
favorite then came on and won easily.
The coursing throughout the day
was first class and the hares tested
the dogs to the limit. The betting
was unusually even on account of the
large number of speculators who were
willing to back. their choices. Follow
ing is the day's results with Judge P.
J. Reilly*s official scores:
Reserve stake, first round— Aggie W beat
Miss Luollle, 9-2; Sunnybrook beat Quicksand
7-5; Becky Sharp beat liberator, 10-4; Medea
beat The Sheriff, 8-3; Rob R beat Romping
Girl, 14-3; v Do« Burns beat Mlmlco. 11-5- Van
Nore beat Belfast. 6-5; Encore beat Durazzo
14-0; General . De Wet beat Sylvester 114-
Belle Marie beat John Heenan. 10-4; Annie
Ryne beat Northern Alarm,. 24-3; McHenry
beat The Raider, i 10-7: Idaho Boy beat Fox
hunter. 8-3; Rush Away beat Whoa Bill,'. 40;
Melllnwood beat Mt. Rose, 10-2; Texas Jill
beat Mickey Free. 7-1: Jigamaroo beat Texa>
Mamie, 10-2; Aeolus beat nlles Green. 9-5
Sherman - beat Stlngaree, 11-8; Renegad'
Apache beat KaJlspel. , 12-7; Racing Auto a
bye. Judge withdrawn; Little Mercy beat
Texas. Hoo Hoo, 14-0; Yellowstone beat lone
Hill, 7-2. - ■ . .■ -.
Second round — Aggie W beat Sunnybrook, 7
3; Bob R beat Becky Sharp, 11-4; Medea beat
Doc Burns. 2-0; Van Nora beat Encore 6-2-
General De W«t a bye. Belle Marie with
drawn; Annie Ryne beat McHenry. 9-2; Idaho
Boy beat Rush Away, 26-0; Mellinwood beat
Runaway Actress, 7-0; Mickey Free beat Jlga
maroo. 9-7; Aeolus beat Sherman, 10-3; Rene
gade Acache beat Little Mercy, 8-0; Racing
Auto beat Yellowstone. 5-0. racing
•Third round— Aggie W beat Medea, 4-3- Bob
R beat Van Nora. 16-2: Annie Ryne beat Gen
?rf, • D «_ w * t » ,$: 3 : Renegade Apache beat
M1c*ey. Free, 3-2; Racing Auto beat Aeolus,
3*2. ' .'-"...;' ■ ■ ■ .- -
Fourth round— Aggie , W beat Bob R 4-3 •
Renegade Apache beat Annie Ryne, 4-0- Racing
Auto beat MalUnwood. 26-0. ".racing
■ Fifth round— Aggie W beat Renegade
Apache. 7-6; Racing Auto a bye. 5 *
Deciding course — T. Burke's Aggie W (Fly
ing Faster-Mary Jane) beat J. Dennia' Racine
Auto (Rocker-Fiery Face), 9-3. . "*"-.'"«»
- Class stake — Quita beat Belle : Free, : 10-«-
J. E. H. beat Richard Anton, S-7; Carlow Bov
beat McVey. 8-6; Barge beat The Referee 7-4
- Second round — Qutta beat J. E. H. * 8-1* Car
low Bo* a by*. Barge withdrawn. '
Deciding course — George Nethercott's Quita
(Rocker- Little Wonder) beat; L. Corder's Car
low Boy (Gladiator-Mac's Rosebud), 21-5
'GOOD CHRISTMAS EDITION.— Oakland
Dee. 18. — The Washington Press published at
Nllee. In this county, .has * Issued . an excellent
Christmas : edition devoted to the • resources ■ of
"Washington .Township. This Is > one > of ■ the
richest sections of Alameda County and I the
Press ha* set forth the development of the dis
trict to decided advantage, ■->:>•-•
PEERLESS DAINTY AND HONITON
MEET TO-DAY AT OAKLAND.
Christmas Handicap Will
Be trie Next Big Feature
BY FRED E. MCLHOLLAXD.
The track across the bay has a
strikingly attractive feature for , its
patrons this afternoon. In the last
race of the day Dainty, th*e pride of
the stable of W. B. Jennings & Co.,
will meet Honiton, the aristocratically
bred daughter of Ormonde. The dis
tance is seven and a half furlongs, and
the two great mares meet at equal
weights. It will mark the first ap
pearance of Dainty since her Eastern
campaign. Honiton has the advantage
of having been raced and is in the
finest possible condition. ■.;-
A good programme is offered this
week with a number of handicaps as
features. On Wedne3duy there will
be a. $1000 handicap at a mile and a
furlong for three-year-oJds and up
ward. The field, will include some of
the leading performers here.
On Saturday the main attraction
will be a race for all ages at a mile
and fifty yards.
The Christmas handicap with $3000
added by the New California Jockey
Club will be the holiday attraction for
Monday, the 26th inst. It is expected
to draw the largest attendance of the
season. A high class field is sure to
meet in the event, which will be at a
mile and a quarter.
Entries to the additional two-year
old stake to be run March 25 will
close next Saturday.
JACOBY RETAINS
A STEADY HAND
Veteran Champion Rifleman
Wins Bullseye Contest
atjSchiietzen Park Range
Marksmen assembled in large num
bers at Schuetzen Park yesterday to
take part in the final shoot of the year.
Although the weather was cold and the
wind sharp the scores made by the
iiflemen were above the average. Philo
Jacoby, the old-time champion, proved
he was in good form by carrying off
the -first prize in the monthly bullseye
contest o'f the California Schuetzen
Club with the good score of 184 points.
His nearest competitor was 18 points
below this mark.
In the annual competition of the
same club King Adolph Strecker was
the winner of the silver goblet for rifle
shooting with a total of 2247 rings in
bis ten ten-shot scores. His highest
score for ten shots was 229 rings. G. M.
Barley was. the', pfstpl* expert who car
ried off the silver goblet for the best
ten scores. W. F. Blasse v.as the.wfn
ner of the gold medal for makingjthe
highest individual score- C von •Hart
wig had a lucky day «u the range. By
his good marksmanship he won two
of the. Adam Brehm trophies— one in
the Eintracht Club and again in the
California Schuetzen Club. F. Werlen
also came in for his share of honor by
getting away with the best bullseye
in the GrutU Club and becoming the
final winner of a handsome trophy do
nated by A. Brehm. The day's scores:
California Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot— Phllo Jacoby 184, Chris Meyer 202, H.
Nlcolai 280. G. Tammeyer 266. O. Nolte 38O.
A.' Strecker 436, L. J. Reubold 530. * A. Jung
blut 556. C. Zimmerman 602. Louis Thierbach
605. A Bertelsen CIS.. A. Rahwyler 635. M. F.
Hartter 660, G. M. Barley 721, J. Straub 776,
William Nolden 6C2. H. Scheunen 827, F.
Simmen 830, Otto Bremer 909, F. Attlnger 016,
M. KoUnder 932. J. L-. Utschig 9S0. A. von
Wyl 1021, H. Bornholdt 1058. A. Studer 1120,
H. Enge 1120, Louis Wille 1224, John C. Wal
ler 1232, Otto Burmeister 123S. M. F. Blasse
1239. •
Winners of prizes tor year at bullseye tar-
Set — F. Riede 19 points, Chris Meyer 148, F.
J. Povey 155. A. Bertelsen 166, W. F. Blasse
180. Phllo Jacoby 184, J. Straub 251, A. Jung
blut 266, William Ehrenpfort 267. A. Rahwy
ler 2S0, J. U Utschlg 281, G. Tammeyer 2*6,
H. Bnre 299. A. Strecker 311. Max Kolander
319, R. Finking 319. Adam Brehm S23. F. At
tinger 330 B. Englander 331. J. C. Waller 363.
C. von Hartwle 370, E. Woenne 395. G. M.
Barley S95. A. Studer .405. A. ' UUchig 411.
Frank Suter 422, M. F. Blasse 425. T. Simmen
431, J. E. Klein 435. T. J. Carroll 44O.
Brehin'B prire contest — H. Enge. A. Bertel
stn, O. Bremer. M. F. Biasse. A. Strecker,
C. Thierbach. C.: Meyer. T. J. Carroll. L.
Wille. A. Rahwyler. W Attlnger. M. Reutoold,
R. Finking. F. Eggellng. M. Kolander. L. C.
Babin. F. P. Schuster. Otto BurmelEter, W.
F. Blasse. Philo Jacoby, M. F. Hartter, J.
Jones. E. Woenne. William Ehrenpfort. L. J.
Reubold. J. Iten, A. Studer. H. Hub*r. C.
Peach. J. Crust. A.. Jungblut, John Boiler,
H. Schuenert, F. Furth. H.' Bornholdt, A.
Davtd&on. F. Werlen. J.. Waller. F. Kommer,
T. Simmen. A^ Nicolai and M. Nagel. . .
S*n Fijmciseo Grulli Shooting Section, bulls
eye shoot — F. Werlen, L. Hauser, Theodore
Simmon. J. Iten, O. | R. Hauser, A. Hlnte
mann, C Mull«r, A. Studer, W. Weiss and
E. Deflllippl. '-"
Brehm trophy, final winner— F. Werlen.
Medal shoot — First champion class," A.
Studer. -426: second champion- class, T. Sim
men. 415; G. R. Hauser. 370; L. Hauser. 362;
A. Hlntemann, 303: first class, E. Defllllppi.
286; *econd class. W.. W«Isr, 328; J. Iten. 245;
G. Mall leuaucr. 233: J. Leutenneger, 212; D.
Zust, 189; J. Oysen. 166.
•vSan Francslco Turners Schuetzen, monthly
m«dal shoot— W. Nolden, 95. 154; T. J. Klatzl.
176 140; C. Sagehorn.. 140, 154; C. Abrams.
1*0* 157; B. Jonas, ISO; Otto Burmeister. 174,
1H~; August Jungblut, .101, 17ft; A. Furth.
154 129* Charles Peach, 169, 177; Josjph
Stranb 161, 175; D. Davidson, 171, 120; M.
Xagel 102 105: Richard Finking. 177. 195;
F Attlneer. 1»5. 160; H. Enge. 198. 186;, C.
Ncllsen 110, 1SS; A. Utschig. 118. 16S: T.
Plan* R8 121: J. J. Mahr. 139, 168; F. Mes
sersetmldt. 108. 76: Captain F. Kommer, 166,
177. :.:■;: •■.'•*■" - ■• '
Model Yachtsmen Out in Force.
For the first time in many weeks
the model yachtsmen were able to
hold their Sunday races. William
Roeckner's Apache • carried >■ off the
pennant, beating the Cricket and
Spreckels in the finals in two straight
heats. Eight of the fastest boats in
the fleet contested and they "were
evenly matched.^ The three boats that
qualified for the finals were: Roeck
ner's Apache with six points; 'M. Lon
don's Cricket with , five points, and
Johnson's ; Spreckels (a new boat)
with five points.
The competing boats with their
owners follow: Alice (J.' Brannon),
Coronado- (McCleary). Cricket (M.
London), Spreckels- (Johnson), r Imp
(H. London), Apache (Roeckner),
Pinte (Martinstein) and Vera (Litz).
Cut By ' Companion.
Elsie Sansbury, a ; waitress in a beer
hall on Kearny? street, was stabbed I in
the : breast last night by ' Frank Bef
night, -'a companion . • of the : woman.
Her "wounds were treated at the Cen
tral^ Emergency Hospital.
-■ MEXICO CITY," Dec.* 18.— A" new bank with
1300,000 i paid-up Capital supplied by • Boston,
Los 'Angeles and: Indianapolis: capitalists, has
been organized : here, to be called the Mexican
■gank Ing. Company, Limited."
HORSES WHICH
FIGURE BEST
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAXD.
First race — Bearskin. Herthus, Glcn-
Second race— -Fleetwood, George P.
McNcar, Golden "puck. .
Third race — Moeorito, Marelio, Dr.
Sherman. v~~.
Fourth race — Gin Spray, Idogo,
Bad!;' Used.
Filth race — EsteHa J, Dr. Leg^o,
Mlsty's Pride.
Sixth race— Dainty, Honiton, To
ledo.
WELL-BALANCED CARD
AT OAKLAND.
The card at Oakland racetrack this
afternoon is a well balanced one, each
race Attracting a large field. The'com
plete entry follows: , .
First race — Six and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds, selling:
U'i »Tar Baby (N'ell) 9«
737<t «Ssn Jose fWHsori*. 99
75tt9 •Hftrthuis (Gilbert)... 100
754S Pearl Water* (Waters') 10t
75tt) Bearskin (McAlester) 1<>*
7457 Dins Dong II < Elm wood Farm) 10*
7575 "Royal Sweepstakes (Miller) 96
7570 'Lily Oolding (Stanfleld &. Ellis)..:... 100
7533 »Glend?n«> (Summers) .100
7533 *Sua Rose (Appleby & Co.) 96
Second race — Futurity course, two-year-olds,
telling:
<745C)Entre Nous (Nealon). 106
7417 'Bologna (Parker & Thwaites)... .10rt
7575 Bill Shorts Ma grane) ...<. 102
7564 'Golden Buck (Schorr) ..* .....100
7577 'Alone (Summere) 100
(7575)G*-orge P. M(hN*ear (Stover) 110
7.V2> 'Sweet Kitty Bellairn (Price) 94
<75b8)E.1rodun (Lagorla & Forbes) 1C5
7438 FleetwooJ (Knebelkamp) .". . . .106
7475 Mabel Bates'* (Strobel) . 99
7575 David BoUnd (Baird) 105
75*59 'Lady Fashion (Miller) 84
7575 'Dllielle iWilscn) »4
Third race — One mile and ICO yar<*s, three
year-olds and up, selling:
756:'. Gienrlce (Fitzgerald & Cree).. 109
7574 Instrument (Balrd) 98
(75C5)*Dr. Sherman (Hoppaa) .97
7R67 Bard Burns (O'Rourke) 105
<7577>Harka (Hcnshall) 98
75*> 'Murello (Fretert) »"
7571 *Contertant (Neil) 97
7562 Mobketo (Strobel) 102
75S1 *Mocortto • (Ryan) 104
<7549)Mount»bank < Keating) 109
752» Dungannon tKnebelkamp). ......»*.... 105
Four race — One and an eighth miles, thrte
year-old* and up. selling.,
7571 »San Lutlon (Dlxon) 99
7571 The Lieutenant (Stover) 105
7571 'Jack Habert (Fountain) .- 99
75«3 Gin Spray (De Neffe) 109
(7574)Duety Miller (Sheridan) 103
(7571)*Idogo (Wilson) ..... '. 104
7374 MMstersinger ( Healey) ....... ..." . ... ; 107
7578 Theodora L. (Smith) : 101
75fl8 Badly Used (Multnomah Stable) 109
7540 *Tannhauser (Hayes) .....'........ ....100
7571 'Technique (Clifford) 95
Fifth race — Six furlongs, two-year-olds and
up. purse.
7484 Magrane (Magrane) ....106
(7586)Head Dance (Henshall) 9t
7572 Padua (Price) 106
(7573)Dr Leggo (Wilson) 91
7471 Royal Rogue (Nealon) .107
75S5 Ishtar (Ryan) 107
75€0 Andrew B. Cook (Stanfleld & Ellis).. Ill
748.1 Estella J (Jennings) S3
7532 Yellow Tall (Hackett)..'. 110
75S2 Mlsty's Pride (Jones) 107
74S8 Rowena (Gaylord) ...103
7585 Squire Johnson (Miller) 01
Sixth race— Seven and a. half furlongs, two
year-olds and up, Durse.
7118 Geo. Berry (Boettger) ..10*1
7554Ink (Lamasney Bros.) ...., 112
7567 Toledo (Gaylord) 1CS
. ...Komoko (Ryan) ' 10S
(7585)Honiton (P. Ryan) ;...1O9
(6101)Da!nty (Jennings) 109
ACCIDENT MARS
A SPEED TRIAL
01(lfield ? s Auto Slips a Tire,
but the Daring Driver
, Again Escapes Uninjured
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 18.—Be
fore a crowd of about 600 people Bar
ney Oldfield gave an exhibition five
mile race this afternoon at Association
Park in his Green Dragon. His fastest
mile was made in 58 1-6 seconds.
The day's sport was • marred by -a
north wind and by accidents, both the
Greeh Dragon and Charles Burman's
machine breaking down while in the
handicap race. Burman's machine
snapped an axle, while the Green Dra
gon blew out a tire. The machine
rushed on 300 yards and plowed through
the I weeds and brush .oerore Oldfield
brought it to a stop. Oldfield was not
hurt. Oldfield's five-mile time was:
First mile, 59 3-5 seconds; second mile,
61 seconds; third mile, 59 seconds;
fourth mi!e,-59 seconds; fifth mile, 53 1-5
seconds., ' ;■-■■* ■"'■-;■'<,-:;
CADETS SCORE FREQUENTLY \ :
AGAINST SOLDIER ELEVEN
Fort 31 Hey 's ' Line Is Weak and Com
- pany H ; Breaks Through It
, ". Four Times.
H," League of the Cross
Cadets, put a fast little team in the
field at the ; Presidio' grounds yester
day against. the soldier eleven of Fort
Miley. The cadets rolled up'a score
of 20. points r while the boys In. blue
were unable i to send a man over tht
line. The frame;was witnessed by one
of the largest crowds of the season and
each team had ■ rooters galore. :
Before ,. the ■ contest had progressed
fif teen, minutes the managed to
tuck the soldiers' weak line and put
Syce ■ over; for, two* ; touchdowns. : Dur^
Ing ' the rest ', of the : half the - soldiers
took, a brace and played a fair defensive
game.-v They lost the ■ ball several
times on fumbles arid never got near
the cadets' goal. When the second
half Opened the H' lads again started
at the • soldiers.*- line and aided "by. two •
great iruns ; by? Syce ; they \ scored ' two
more touchdowns. ;■ The game waa
drawn ; out , and ' much time < was
[lakenup as a result of : men being.
.injured. The teams were made upof
the -following \ players: - - ' *
Company' -H—Heilnian; Edward*,'
Desmond, 1 Treise, - ; Brogan, Estellta;
BurkerJanco.iSyce/Garabaldi. '
. ' Fort * Miley-r-^Rapp, Young, Parch
man,'; Llpscomb, '"■ Hutchinson,; Hudson,
Keiser, . Hoover, 1 ; Ware,', Cooper, Teigan.
BRILLIANT PLAY
ON POLO FIELD
The Reds, Captained by Walter Hobart,
Defeat Whites by One Goal.
The clever poloiets of the Burllngame
Country Club played a brilliant game
on the club field yesterday, the* Reds,
captained by Walter S. Hobart, win
ning by a score of 4 to 3. The Reds
were picked to win by the expert* on
the ground, but to the surprise of the
spectators, the Whites played on the
aggressive from the start, dashing Tom
Driscoll scoring the first two goals
cleverly. The Whites maintained their
lead until the sixth period "when the
Reds scored first a goal that made them
a tie with their opponents, and then
Cyril Tobin scored the winning point.
The teams lined up:
Reds — Charles Dunphy, C. A. Tobin,
W. S. Hobart and John Lawson.
Whites— R. M. Tobin, T. A. Driscoll,
J. O. .Tpbin and Lawrence McCreery.
The referee was Joseph S. Tobin.
The honors in the scoring of goals
were about equally distributed, Mr.
Driscoll making two, Cyril Tobin two,
Walter Hobart two and R. M. Tobin
one. The gallery which witnessed the
"game was one of the largest of the sea
son, many of the fashionable set watch
ing the contest from the sidelines in
their automobiles and smart equipages.
When the ball was thrown in at the
, opening of the first period the Whites
assumed the aggressive at once and
soon had the ball around their adver
sary's goal. When it seemed they must
score the ball was driven outside. The
field was uneven and the ball did not
bound truly. Sometimes it settled in
the uneven places, from which it was
hard to extricate it. Walter Hobart
missed a shot at. the goal just before
the period ended. One of the features
ALBION'S ARE VICTORS
. OVER VAMPIRE TEAM
Hornets Defeat Pickwicks and Eagles
Play Close Game With
**;>■>' Occidentals.
The Albion Rovers beat the Vam
pires one goal to nothing in a keenly
contested match for the championship
of the California Association Football
League yesterday at Freeman's Park,
Golden Gate.
The Albion Rovers obtained their
goal In 'the first -period, Anderson
making: a splendid kick. In the sec
ond period the Vampires had several
shots' at the Rovers' goal, but were
not .able to put the ball between the
posts. A. Robinson appeared for the
first time on the field as referee dur
ing the present season and gave gen
eral satisfaction by his prompt and"
correct decisions. Many spectators
watched the game. Captain P. R.
John rendered excellent service to the
winning team. E. M. Petersen played
a fine game in the back line for the
losers. The teams occupied the fol
lowing positions:
Vampires. Positions. Albion Rovers.
Rolf e. Goal Lowe
Waeber R. • B Bayn-*
Petersen U. B John
Harwood .,R. H. B Bain
Turner C. H. B. ..'. Anderson
Giarner t,. H. B....." Jones
Lees :...... .O. R.... Sband
C XfOeouUeur I. R..... ~ MeArthur
Ramsden C. F. . . . .'.. ... Aiiuworth
Robertson ;."... I., L. Wbyte
Wilding O. L Bradley
On the ground at Webster street,
Alameda, the Occidentals beat the
Eagles by the narrow margin of three
goals to two. The Occidentals played
with only two halfbacks, being one
man short. They obtained three goals
and the Eagles one goal in the first
period. In the second period the
Eagles made two goals, while the Oc
cidentals did not add to their score
C. W. Irish was referee.
The Occidental team consisted of
Rush ton," goalkeeper: Milne and Tier
ney. backs: Anderson and Allen, half
backs; Goodlet and Grade, right
wing; T. S. Lydon, center forward;
Evans and Hodge, left wing. The
Eagle team was made up as follows:
F. Croll, goalkeeper; Bennett and T.
Schulte, backs; Dirks. Lancaster and
Kiser, halfbacks; W. Schulte and Lee,
right wing; Churchill, center forward;
Harrower and Newman, left wins:.
-: , . ADVERTISEMEyrS. _^ _
i au^auip «imam "fc't H'T j ' jMWsan ' m f j Hfi r ftfUJW ff*T w ™ M *»*- ulf ****'Y>
II PROFESSIONAL CLODKER, Phone South 1045.
San Francisco Office -224 Parrott Bulldlng(Flft!i Floor)855 Market St.
Oakland Branch-Room 8, "Hawthorne," 1155^ Washington St.
: . f
The contents of m^ Daily Racing Message will
to-day be of a SENSATIONAL CHARACTER. Don't
It will positively not be placed on sale at either of my
offices until 12:45 P-n?- DOORS NOT OPEN EARLIER.
.( Phone your order, if you want it delivered C. O. D. at your
address at same hour). « ;.
Be sure to read the memoranda contained in my message
Vto-day, Avhich consists of over 1500 words. In it I tell you to
play certain horses to win, only if certain jockeys ride, and I
also point out instances where my second choice is a better
play FOR PLACE than my first horse to WIN, etc. {
It is not the number of first choices that win, that counts t
in a complete racing message, but THE NUMBER OF
WINNING BETS ADVISED. For instance, on Friday I
gave Glendenning to win and W. R. Condon for place, and I
B advised A PLUNGE FOR THE LIMIT on Condon for
place. Condon won at 10 to 1 straight and 4 to 1 place. II
I ? Glendenning test, at 3 to 5. I could name a dozen recent in- fo
stances like it. v h
You swindle yourself by patronizing the pirates, cheap grafters and ||
fakirs who offer you on the streets a "skeleton" of my wire, which, when Ij
not entirely faked and false. Is always garbled and therefore valueless t|
- to the intelligent operator. Besides, I puess there won't be much of it t|
attempted fromnow on. If any Fagin finds time to get out a real copy y
of my message to-d*y before the the first race is run, my message will
not be Issued until 1:15 p. m. to-morrow. If that falls I'll try another
e>pedle.nt which) in the vernacular of the turf. CAN'T LOSE. Watch
•the fun. . •
$2.00 Daily; $10.00 Weekly.
of the play was the tantalizing manner
in which Charley Dunphy rode Law
rence McCreery off the ball, thus reduc
ing his effectiveness. The period ended
without either side scoring.
In the second -period Tom DrisctHl
was in his best form, scoring two goals
and barely missing a third.
Cyril Tobin sent the ball between ths
posts for the Reds early in the third
period, after it had been placed by
Charley Dunphy. This period was bit
terly contested from first to last, the
players having out' their best ponies..
Neither side was able to score in the
fourth period. Lawrence McCreery
was mounted on a gray ghost of a
pony which seemed to outfoot the
others at every stage of the play. C
In the fifth period the Whites again
assumed the lead. R. M. Tobin scoring
after Tom Driscol! had placed the ball.
A claim was made that Mr. Tobin was
off side, but this was not allowed.
Walter Hcbart tied the score in tha
sixth period, nursing the ball nearly
the length of the field with easy but
sure strokes. Joe Tobin had the hard
luck to hit one of the goal posts with
! the ball, which bounced outside, thus
j depriving the Whites of another goal.
Cyril Tobin scored the winning goal for
the Reds near the end of the period.
He had the ball in his possession some
time and was applauded by the spec
tators when he finally shot it between
the posts. With the game won, tha
Reds played for time, acting entirely on
the defensive and keeping the ball
away from the center of the field as
much as possible. Joe Tobin Jr., who
played some of F. J. Mackey's ponies,
was the most brilliant performer on the
neld.
FL.YCASTERS CO3IPETE
IN PAST SEASON* CONTESTS
Many Rod Wielders Enjoy Affair at
the Clnb's Pavilion on
Stow Lake.
The members of the San' Francisco
Flycasting Club met at their pic
turesque clubhouse on Stow Lake yes
terday In a series of past-season con
tests. It was an enjoyable affair
throughout. The day's scores:
O >■ Delicacy. j
I ll i? i2 I I *S
CONTESTANTS ~ \~' ?;> £Q • Z~
• I- i- Si" r, • *
fj; P-f I ||
C. G. Toung S2 |s5 jS3 90 183.6 JD5.3
F. H. R»ed S3-8 I • S9.1
H. B. Sperry.-.. «0 jS3.4*SS '».4 87.2 I
"W. E. Brook*... 9O jSti.4 S7.8 S9.2 «*.&{....
A. E. Mocker... 95 i«S.4,*tO.8;S4.2 S2.5 01.2
T. C. Klerulrt... 72 8*5 { 92.^
J. Marsdcn 70 ISS^SO.S.'O.lO'-S.a
I. R. D. Grubb..).... 69.4 I |
C. Huyck ! 74 $7.SiS7.s;R2.« IS5.1 61.5
R. C. Haas |.... 74. 8!$3. 4*80.10 W.I
J. S. Turner....; Sy.4!91.4 ! 8J«.J !*>.10)....
F. E. Davtrkcs'n 7« *8 bl |S4.2 H7.7 |....
A. Sperry 85 72.8184.4 83.4 srj.lO)....
H.G.W7 Dlnklspl 82. 4 SO. 4*73. 4 7«.1O',....
A. M. Blade I 71 I8O.4JT7 173.4 i75.2 ....
E. Everett »1.4iTO ISO 183.6
C. Kewell 70 86.4!inri.4'f5 74.8 fiS.S
■W. D. Mansfl-ld f ...: .. .:r91.4[83.4 02.4 95.5
Alex Vogelsang..) 74 j | ! |....
Phoenix Team Wins.
OAKLAND. Dec. 18.— The Phoenix
baseball team of St. Mary's College
defeated the All-Stars to-day on the
college campus by a score of 4 to 1.
The game was attended by a large
crowd and was fa^l and snappy
throughout. The batteries:
Batteries — St. Mary's, Ferguson and
Byrnes; All Stars, Zamlock and Pe
ralta.
At Idora Park the Oakland Hor
nets beat the Pickwicks five goals to
nothing. The losers played a good
game in the first half, the^ Hornets
piercing their goal only twice. In the
second period- the Hornets made three
more goals. Norman Logan was ref
eree, with M.j Luby and J. Dwyer as
linesmen. For the losers Inganni.
Robertson. McKee and KIrvin played
a prood game.
1112
ADVERTISE31EXT5. .. ..:_...
Goldberg, Bowen& Co.
FIVE BIG BUSY STORES it
Come Early— Open Evening's till Christmas
Only six days before Christmas. Don't delay your
holiday order until the end of the week. You'll be busy
—so will we. A host of good things to show you. '
ChriStmaS Latest European novel- BOH
twt - _ ties to freshen tip your old -^
1 PCC collection, and make your \ OOIIS
OPnamentS tree look prettier than ever. (Dinner favors)
Chafing dishes, nickel pudding dishes, tea and coffee pots, crumb
trays, 5 o'clock tea kettles, carving sets, game shears. USEFUL
PRESENTS.
• . ■
r* A M I\V F rench mixed, large assortment, our price . lb 40
wAIN \J\ Beautiful candy boxes for Christmas gifts: Huy-
ler's and Lovvney's confections ( holiday packages.) vsj: I
Gift Cabinet Free CIGARS
Assortment of finest wines As Christmas Gifts
and liquors packed in pol- 12-25-50-100 in box
ished ash cabinet With Ladies may order cigars- here—
lock and key, without we know what to send — special
extra charge. sizes in P rett y boxes.
Monday ' Tuesday Wednesday
GROCERIES
Castile Soap — Conti . 50 Prunes-itaiian 4 lbs 25
Genuine Italian, reg'ly 65c bar Tart, wholesome, reg'ly 10c lb
Pine Apple ":• 2# lb can 20 T 2 m J ato f s : A^! do . , CJ im
Hawaiian; sliced, reg'ly 25c - Solid packed, reg'ly $1.15 doz
_ ... , „ Ginger-Preserved 30
French AlUStard 15 C rosse & Blackwell, reg'ly 35c jar
d & g, Piquant, reg'iy 20c b* Frankfurter Sausages-4 m can
French PeaS-regMy 20c 15 reg'ly 35c, can, imported 30
French Peas-reg'iy soc 25 Catsup-Snider #pt-i2jf
~. . reg'ly 15c, 25c bot pts 20
S Qd2^S!?Mc«cc»- S Mushrooms-Plenrde-Lb '.20
yuick salad, reg ly iac, Z5c can 20 lst choIX Button varietyt reg », y 25c can
Maple Syrup 65 Smyrna Figs I2j£
Hazen, rcgMv 75c % gal Layers," reg'iy 20c lb
GERMAN WIiNES ""
For this week's entertaining we offer the choicest
selection of German wines and liquors — reliable brands
— your friends will appreciate.
Hock Wine — Lauberheimer, Liebfraumilch, Steinwein]
*elle — Zeltinzer x Josepskoefer, Berncastler Doctor.
Rheinsjo.d r ham:- in • 1 doz qts 2 doz pts $24
Beer — Spaten Brau Munchen pts $2.50, qts, $4.50 doz
H .. . W8«#»«s At this season buy the best— not the
noiiaay W lnCS, extravagant kind, but what you know is
LiqUOr8 9 Cordials reliable - Our specials this week show a ,
big cut in each item. Buy plenty. .
Cocktail S-ImperUl 90 Whisky-Spring 1893 " 1.00
Ready to use, 6 kinds, reg'ly fl.25 Old Crow Bourbon, and 4.00
Kummel-rcg'lyJLlO l.OO Hermitage Rye, reg'ly fl.25, $6 gal
Carl Mamx Getrcide - Sherry-Emperador 1,50
Port-Commendador 1.50 Extra Dry, original bottling
25 \ts in wood before bottled . reg Iv »2 at bot . ; ,
reg'ly $1 qt bot Absinthe— Berger 1.30
Scotch Whisky-reg'ly$1.50 1.15 reg'ly |1. GO qt bot
12 yr old, Distiller's Co. Ltd. Arrac p un ch-Peter' S ;> 1.35
French Claret case of qts 6.00 Rum " CregMyii.oo
Itey, Vin de Paysans " " pts 7.00 c i
reg'ly $7 doz qts, $8, 2 doi pts bauteme-Itcy Idozqts8.75
Sweet Cider-Direct from press 50 ""' Bar$aC t$ffi$$0
Vintage Champagnes Po l Roger Extra Dry 1889-92-98-
Complete Stock Of Verv Moet & Chandori-Brut Imperial'89
Rare Wines -Ernest Irroy 1893- Veuve S0
Mumm's Cordon Rouge 1898- qU ot, Dry England 1899.
Chafing Dish $2tt£ 1 1 PEBFDIERJ^gSS c * l \%
3 P t size, re£ly 5. 5 o 4.15 "^"pinaud, Le GranKlXr
Here s an acceptable present for anyone makes. Holiday Assortment
Mammoth pecan nuts — walnuts — Malaga raisins —
glace fruits — salted nuts— chestnuts — truffles— cran-.
berries — ripe olives — mince meat 0. plum pudding.'
Irish Hams and Bacon from BELFAST
English " " gg| <! WILTSHIRE
Direct Importation lb 50
Kindergarten Festival.
The Occitfental Kindergarten Asso
ciation will hold a Christmas festival
at Lyric Hall to-morrow night for its
pupils. Donations of to]{f, books, can
dies and clothing are asked to help
make the little ones feel happy. Those
who care to make *uch donations can
p»»nd them to Mrs. A. Harris. 1547 Oc
tavia street, to-day or to-morrow. An
interring programme will be ren-
The Chance of a LifeTimel
Worth of
Wagons, Carriages and
Buggies at
50c on the Dollar
One of the large wholesale houses .of this cit* is Koine out of
the wagon and carriage business and they have sold their stock to
us at a phenomenally low price. The stock comprises a complete line
of standard , wagons, carriages and buggies and we are going to sell
them as stated for v
j 50 Cents on the Dollar
1 They must be sold quickly
r i . • Come and get first choice
SPIRO HARNESS AND JAGON COMPANY
307-309^ MARKET. STREET
dered by the children of the. kinder
garten at Th» . f»«tt'"*!._ .
Trapper's Oil CUM in»u:r.»^Uni and neuraleia.
Dru;Ci*ta. COc flusk'. Klir.ard * Co!. 4OQ CU>.*
If you want to see something: that is
really funny hunt up a photograph of
yourself taken about twenty years a&o.
Burnett'* Kxtract •« V»»llla— In
parity «n<l etren«th pre-eminently tuperlor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, jDECEMBER 19. 1904.
NEW ST. BRIGID'S DEDICATED
WITH IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES
Archbishop Warmly Praises Father Cot
tie for Years of Unselfish Toil.
INTERIOR AND EXTERIOR VIEWS OF UIIX5S1XG NEW ■ HOUSE OF WORSHIP BUILT' FOR ST. BRIGID'B PARISH AT
BROADWAY AND VAN NESS AVEXUE3 AND • DEDICATED" YESTERDAY -WITH IMPRESSIVE CEREMONIES, ARCH
BISHOP RIORDAN PREACHING THE SERMON AND 1S.RCHBISHOP MONTGOMERY SAYINO MASS. . , f ~< -... %
"With the solemn rites of the Roman
Catholic church St. . Brigid's splendid
new house of worship was dedicated
yesterday morning by Archbishop Ric-r
dan. Long before the hour set for the
ceremony the street in front of the
church was blockaded with members of
the congregation and their friends, who \
stood in the chilling breeze and watch
ed while the Archbishop, chanting ap
iJrc-priate psalms and sprinkling holy
water, made the round c/f the. building.
The procession included some of the
best known priests in the city/ as it
moved from point to point around the
splendid building which stands a mon
ument to the untiling energy of the
priest of the parish, Father CVttle.
The ceremonies outside being con
cluded, the doors were thrown open and
a solemn pontifical high mass was sung.'
Special music was furnished by the,
regular choir of St. Brlgid's. augmented
bv singers from the outside. The altar,
one of the most elaborate in. the. cijy,
was beautifully decorated with flowers
1 and overgreons and shone brilliantly in
; the soft glow of the candles.,
i 'W- maaalwaa celebrated by Arch-
I blthop Montgomery^ Father Pender
i *a«t ttCtlhg a« assistant priest. Father ;
' ronnoliv as deacon. Father Foley as
[Sbdeacon and Father McGinty. as
j master of ceremonies. -■.... .;,
: The sermon was preached by Arch
! bishop Riordan. Fathers Frieden and
Dovle being deacons of honor. In. the
sanctuary v.as Bishop Grace of Sacra
mento, with Fathers McKlnnon and
Burns as deacons of honotv -Others -of
ithe clergy present were Fathers Pi
perni, Hamat, Smith, Wyman, bassai.
I Butler Coyle, Sesnon. McGough. Ryan,
Murphy. Slattery, Sullivan, Harvejy
Blake Sullivan and Brockage and
Brothers Bernard, Michael. and • Greg
ory- i: , S^ T,T,T^ C -T
TRIBUTE TO PRIEST.
Archbishop Riordan paid a fitting
tribute to the priest through whose
untiring efforts the magnificent edi
fice has- at last been made . ready
for occupancy, and prefaced his ser
mon as follows: "Beloved brethren,
clergy and laity: I .wish first to offer
a few words of congratulation on the
completion of this new edifice to the
pastor who for years has devoted his
The Rils Lecture.
Reserved seat tickets for the Ja
cob Riis lecture to be given at the
Young Men's Christian Association
auditorium to-morrow evening are be
ing disposed of rapidly. The associa
tion auditorium willno doubt.be filled
to hear this distinguished, lecturer.
Tickets are on sale at the associa
tion office. Mason and Ellis street.
Eyes Blur, Itch, Simart or Burn?
George Mayerle's Kye water , clears blurring
eyes, strengthens weak eyes. \ cures painful.
Itching discharging or sore'eyw and floating
spots feeling like sand In eyee; rests tired syefi.
At druggists or from George Mayerle. optician.
1O7H4 Market St.. S. F. 50c;. by mall. C2c. •
Sodality Re-elects Ofllcers.
The" annual election # of '.the Gentle- :
men's Sodality of St. Ignatius Church
took place yesterday, afternoon.; James
R. Kelly was re-elected:' prefect ; JohJ*
Colsonwaa re-elected first /assistant
prefect and Morris Pope 'second', as
sistant prefect ;;The. reports; for the
year showed the sodality 'to be', in '.-a
nourishing condition; : , .':■
Special sale of nouvenlr, shaving, mugs
and shaving : outfits. * Deckelman ' Bros.,
106 E1113 8treaUm»Jgjkgfflg«j«K&£ ; •
energy, every, day of, his life, to put ; up
a building \yhere his parishioners. could
worship Almighty/ God. .-' At ."this
morning he has hadthe supreme grat
ification, and I offer .hearty congratu;
lations to him and hope that for years
to come he' will minister to his people in
the' house he labored so hard to' build."
.As his text the Archbishop chose the
words "Man liveth not, by bread alone,:
but by every word which proceedeth
out of. the mouth of God.": He said in
pavt: - . .... ;.; ' ' ' ;. ■ ' .' "•;..•.■. :
When tve pass through the streets of a great,
pity ' and ■ look up at the buildings, we can tell
at* a rule for what purpose .they, were -erected
and what use is being ; made. of. them..' -: We ■ see
magnificent mansions, stately . public buildings,
and- houses. of commerce,, but of. all these the
Influence of none extends beyond this life,: The
church,- however,' Is always recognised ( as a
place- where men and women may come to.bow
in- lowly adoration to Almighty; God. • . •
The, Son 'of God knew the power of the word
of -God- from all. eternity.'. He also kn«w ithe
nc*d of bread- when In the wilderness,' but In
stead of .listening to' the tempter's voice '.he
sought Instead of spiritual food.! :' ' " ',
SPIRITUAL. FOOD.
The need -of bread has' at times turned- men'
Into . warrlne brutes, \ puttlrigr the ' better part:
of the 'man's nature-lntd obsuurlty. and leaving
only his, animal nature; • Bread truly Is neces- 1
sary for the lower. Xcpfpbral. perishable exist-
encc, but' not ' for the- higher/ nobler. Bpirltual
life. TliC-wnrtls of ouvL-ord- Jn answer' to the
tempter, "ilan liveth. not' by .bread alone."
cctro back to us to-day with "force." ■ ■
Man's nature Is two-fcld. thei body and the
er.ul. .- One 'needs bread, meat and drink,; the
other ". pplr'Itdal food. ' That man.cannotCHve
by bread alone is a ; truth which sustains .'all
individual and social. life.' The earth gives to
corporal man all he wants, and 'his labor here
Is a stniEJjlfc for bread. 'Religion 1« not a ne
cessity for -the existence of the body,' and Is
looked upon by many as .a ■ side issue. - Gov
ernments established without religion are pros-'
rrous. Individuals are "prosperous and .benevo- 1
lent, ■ but hove no - religion.- This . argument
makes many ill-Instructed Catholics ask. What
is the use of religion? '. . '.. ' ■ - - '. '
ORIGIX OF LAWS.
Tills argument Is unfair. It appeals to -the
unthinking, not to the' thinking. ! We must
admit that all which underlies the social fabric
comes from God. It is only .in. the 'latter days
that ! the law ■ of morality -without , a Supreme
Being has been discussed, but it is a false one.
All . Jawe ( emanate . from a i higher source ' and
reflect back to the Supreme Being." Many,per
sons,; like the .• Prodigal i Son.i have turned : away
from the church and. forgotten that .It, offered
them; the very spiritual food ; for 1 -which . they
were' hungering, even V as, there was. food In
plenty. in his father's .house. ■;,■• -J ■ •' -..■•,;.•■.••;'.'-
Go to-,the nations that' h'ave no 'religion and
see 1 how they whorliv'e'by bread-alotje, are de
graded.': '•In every, age, religion has'. be©« 'the
mainstay of the '.foremost, nations . and take
Woman's/Leg Broken.
Mrs. Cally. Park, residing at ,108,%
Ninth .street, while on a visit to her
son at 42 Rausch street,, fell from Va
chair while taking a Jar'of jelly from
a closet shelf and broke her leg. ". She
was treated at the Emergency Hos
pital , by Dr. W. : E. Stevens and later
sent to. her home. '.
A dream of ; pleasure,' the- new. two for
quarter size American.' $2 75 box 25. • , .
A little brief _ experience on the stage
stimulates lofty ideas as to salary. ::
RATE OF POSTAGE
. ■ , Von '. -;• i. - ,
THE CHRISTMAS CALL.:
■ . . . . .- .,_ ■ .... ... . -
Domestic .. . . ; . 5 cents
Foreign ... 1 ....... 9 cents
, ; ; Domestic postage includes all
points in ,• the/ United; ; States,
Mexico, Hawaiian ; Islands, P1»H-
ippines,- Porto" Rico, Canada and
Guam.
.: Mall; this sumptuous paper ; to
your 1 ; friends in ■'- the East .f and
abroad., , ' . . ••
away all that 'Is meant by religion to-day, and
morality will cease to exist. . Where are the
motives -which, make a good citizen to be
found?. -In: ourselves? , If we seek goodness
we .must' seek'. the ■ source of It outside our
selves.' - Remove ' the /Idea- of God from man's
mind and every. idea of morality Is at once re
moved. -■■ ** ■. "f ■ ■ . w - . '» > I
•Man 'needs not: only 1 bread, he needs truth,
divine truth, As f Christ's church and truth
were to remain forever the same there was
only. one way of preserving them, and that was
by. the organization 'of the church. The Catho
lic church dropped Into a festering mass and
leavened It. and has brought salvation to all
and' glorified the entire world.
As we assist In the dedication of thi« new
church to the honor; and glory of. God. we are
surrounded by rites as. ancient^ as the Roman
empire; the, vestments" worn are the same as
were : worn 'years ago. and the lights on the
altar remind us of Christ, the Light of the
WorlfU We offer, this temple to Almighty God.
May It for many y«ar» to come be a source of
blessing and' gratitude! ',
•. St. Br Jgid's Church, ' which is now
completed, with- the exception of the
steeple,' is' one of the handsomest struc
tures in the city both as to interior and
exterior.'-' It- stands on the southwest
corner of Van Ness avenue and Broad
way, supplanting the old wooden struc
ture which stood there years ago. It is
built entirely; of stone and the interior
furnishings are elaborate ' and costly.
Father Cottle has labored for years to
see this edifice properly completed an'l
equipped. , ; ,<■ ' . -. / .
'ADVERTISEMEXTS.
|| 1 he Highest \\.
ii nutrient quality is found in i i
1 Hunter I
Baltimore Rye
( i which is made from the choicest . {\
• • : ■■ \ of ; selected grain, '■: most ? care- M '
•; fully and, scientifically, distilled J |
( | arid undergoes thorough ageing o
< i • before It Is sold. ' • ' O
(i ;'■ ■■■.■ .■■,,;:.;...; -s'*t "' ; •. " -•• \fi >
. 9 . ■'••'•-■ HItBERT MERCANTILE OO^ J | .
■I • ■ 1M-1M Second St.. Ban Frmnclsoo.CW. ' '
(I ■■ Telephone Private 31S. ■ it
■<••■'.';" -._.. n
StCOtt Wt8> WC t HUM tOt
O'Connor, Moffatt ®» Co.
BLACK and COLORED
1/rcSS JraiiCrild
The material for a new dress is a most
pleasing gift for Christmas. We have the
largest and most varied stock to select from
Colored Dress Patterns
Silk and Wool Crepe de Paris $14.00
Silk and Wool Samite 14.00
Silk and Wool Figured Samite 10.50
Silk and Wool Crepe Diana 7.00
AU-Wooi French Voile 10.50
| All-Woql Tailor Suitings 8.75
All-Wool Devonshire 9.00
All-Wool Check 6.00
Black Dress Patterns
. Zibeline $ 3.50
Panne Cheviot 5.00
Crepe Granite 6.00
, Wool Crash , 7.50
Chiffon Broadcloth 9.00
Figured Crepe de Paris 10.50
Chiffon Samite 12.00
Crepe Imperial 14.00
*■ NCYTIf
Cur store will be open evenings until Christmas.
-. . '
Glove or SZ&2. ,
Merchandise { (lPTV>&tt&tS
Orders J%f[/ty kU
We issue Glove -^l^rf&fttCJtrS
or Merchandise «,«, t ABU5i,«. \A" s^T^S?
Orders which are c * ,„* ° ■■„
redeemable at any
time in all depart- ti^^^tif t% .. rvT^*"*"
ments ' 111 to 121 Post Street
STEALS HATED
RIVAL'S MILK
I 6 . ■
Jealous Vender of Lacteal
\ Fluid Has Novel Scheme
for Injuring Competitor
"If you den't buy milk from me you
don't get any," was the motto of Alex
Salomon, t ■ " the proprietors of the
Mer:d Dairy. Salomon's conduct left
Mrs. Deutsch of 1600 Post street with
put cream in her coffee for several con
secutive Sunday mornings, and finally
lar.der the strenuous vender of the
lacteal fluid in, Jail. • .
"When Salomon drove past the
: Deutsch home on Sunday morning he
-saw on the doorstep a Jug of cream
left by a hated rival. "Hist, likewise
ha ha," muttred Salomon. "I will
foil him." He dismounted, took the
cream and drove south with It.
, Next Sunday he again misappropriat
ed the wares of <he other dairy. But
black coffee two and three Sunday
-mornings in . succession r ,f u ' ed
;the wrath of the Deutsch household—
(not against their milkman, but against
-the unknown thief. Yesterday morn
ing Policeman Parquet lay in ambush
;under the stairway. L.-^ _, ,..
Salomon drove up and halted. I-ls
milk |ug stared him in the face.
With stealthy tread Alex approached
: and tucked it tenderly under his coat.
■"The deed is done," he muttered.
5 At that instant Policeman Parquet's
hand dropped on his shoulder. The
Jug fell to the sidewalk and the cream
was spattered broadcast. Alex began
to wep copiously, but the policeman
reminded him that It was useless to
cry over spilt milk as he rode with his
prisoner to the City Hall Station. There
Salomon was booked for petty larceny.
' The police received word later that a
man representing himself as a partner
of Salomon's had tried to settle the
case with Mrs. Deutsch. The man
wanted her to say that she had given
Salomon permission to take the milk.
LITTLE OXES OF HEBREW
ORPHANAGE MADE HAPPY
Annual Entertainment nnd Prize Dis
tribution at Institution for
Homeless Children.
. The annual- entertainment and dis
tribution of prizes at the Pacific He
brew Orphanage, Devlsadero and
Hayes streets, attracted a large at
tendance yesterday afternoon, at the
hall of -the Institution. Every year
this worthy organization provides a
liberal supply of presents for the lit
tle ones and its patrons give with
lavish generosity to the good work
that the Institution is accomplishing.
The prize distribution yesterday was
under the management of President
M S -Levy and Superintendent Henry
Mauser of the Orphanage Association.
V programme of musical numbers and
addresses preceded - the present-giv
ing which the little children of the
orphanage s^^atiently and expectant
ly awaited. , , . _ ■'•
The orphanage hall was filled to
overflowing with those who are inter
ested in its 'maintenance and who
have contributed so liberally to its
continuance.
Guardsmen Give Dance.
' ' Company B, First Regiment of. In
fantry, N. 'G.'Ct'.'save a. dance at the
resimental armory last Friday night
The hall was decorated In a unique
fashion for the occasion. Haversacks,
knapsacks, canteens and other ac
coutrements were hung about the
walls, making a novel effect. The af
fair was in charge of the following^
H. A. Evans, G. A. Marshall,. B.
Rochat. W. Keenan, C. Sheehan, K.
Mlttelstadt. F. Bordenave. E. Sturges
and S. Russell.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
vAv . ■ ■■
A gift that would
brin^ the whole
family a world of.
pleasure. It is the
best piano made
to-day, just as it
was 83 years ago.
Easy payments
if you desire.
Open evenings.
Benj.CURTAZfc5on
16,OFarrcllSUJf
San Jose • fllamcda -Fresno
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
"A babe in the house is a well-spring'
of pleasure " if he i3 properly fed and
well nourished, then he is happy and
"everybody is happy."
Your baby will be healthy and happy
and a well-spring of pleasure, if you
wil> give him Mellin's Food.
Sample bottle sent free of charge;
MELLIN'S POOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.