THE WEATHER.
Forecast made. at San Francisco for
hlrty hours end In* tnldnlcht D«cem
xt 1:
San Francisco and — Cloudy
rhursday; possibly light sbow*r« at
alsht: (ttth south wind*.
A. G. MCADIE. ,
District Forecast «r.
VOLUME XCVH— NO. :
RICH BACKERS TO PAY
MRS. CHADWICK'S DEBTS
Claims Totaling .'Vast Sum" Will Be Met
and the Sensation Suppressed.
FAMOIS STEKL MAGNATE AND GIVER OF" LIBRARIES. WHOSE MYSTERI
ors roNXKCTiox withthi: Mrts. chai>\vick case has afforded
a them;; fok coy jdctcrejAMD. sensation ax. rumors.
NEW YORK. Nov. 30.— There ap- j
pears ;o be little doubt to-ni?nt that
Mrs. Leroy S. Chadwick has arranged
to settle the claim of Herbert B. New
ton of Brookline, Mass., and that the
entire affair will be hushed up by the
rich and powerful personages inter-
Final details of the arrangement for
a settlement were agreed upon at a
conlerence held this afternoon between
Mrs. Chadwick, Edmund W. Powers,
one of h»-r attorneys, and George E.
Ryall, rr-presercting Newton. . It is ex-
I>ected that by to-morrow, or Friday at
least, substantial paymt-nt will have
been mad* to Newton large enouyh to
dispose of the action h-? has brought. •"
At the game time Mrs. Chadwick will
make a statement in which phe will
answer in detail the questions -which
have been recently raised regardiug
hrrselt, so her attorneys Fay, and will
thfn return to Cleveland to give her
attention to straightening out her diffi
culties there. <■-.-;
As an evidence of the extent of Mrs.
Oiadwick's resources, it was learned
to-night that she has engaged a private
car in which she will make the trip to
Cleveland and. later, to the South. A
physician has been engaged to accom
pany her.
CARNEGIE AGAIN DENIES.
Both her own attorney and the New
Tork representative of Newton said to
day that there was no doubt that she
would be able to meet all of her obliga
tions, thoushno information was given
as to the nature of her resources.
Regarding this phase of the case,
Mrs. Chadwick denied that Andrew
Carnegie has had any connection with
her affairs and requested Philip Car
penter, one of her attorneys, to say for
her that there was no truth in the
statement that Carnegie had given her
a note for $300,000.
"Mrs. Chad wick says Carnegie never
has had any connection with her af
fairs," eald Carpenter.
Carnegie added to his statement of
Tuesday that if his name was found
signed to any note for $300,000 the sig
cature was not genuine.
This use of Carnegie's name in con
nection with Mrs. Chadwick's affair is
only one of the many mysterious cir
cumstances in the strange case. The
statement regarding the $500,000 note to
which the name of Andrew Carnegie
was signed was first given publicity
by George E. Ryall, one of Newton's at
torneys, who said that his client had
told him that he had seen such a
paper. RyaJl said that It was his un
derstanding that the note in question '
•was in the possession of the Oberlln
Bank, which was forced to close its
doors because of having made loans to
Mrs. Chadwick amounting to $240,000.
B HIDDEN SOURCE OF WEALTH.
A«4o the source of Mrs. Chadwick's
The San Francisco Call.
wealth or how she came to get- into
financial difficulties at this time her
attorneys declined' to make any state
ment. On the former point one report
lias it that an uncle left her a fortune
of $30,000 about six years ago. This,
her attorneys believe, is the most con
venient explanation, to' be made at
present. _,." ~y^ "^; . • • •' .
"Idon't believe,,from the several con
ferences I have had with Mrs. Chad
wick, that her total indebtedness will
exceed Jl.000.00j5," jsaid Attorney Ryall
to-day. "This sum .includes the claim •
for a large amount that Mrs. Chadwick
says is illegal and is in the. line of
blackmail. In several Interviews she
lias Intimated to me that she is being
blackmailed, although she. never men-.
Lioned any names. I understand, how
?ver, that if this'one claim is thrown
3ut her debts would not amount to
much more than $600,000." . • : '
AMOUNT OF THE CLAIMS.
Edward W. - Powers of counsel for,
Mrs. Chadwick said to : day that.inany
of the claims against Mrs.' Chadwick
would never be recognized in court.
"Just how many -claims there are, I
do not know," said Pow.ers. ' •
"Will the claims aggregate $1,000,
000?" was asked.
Powers paus.ed for a considerable
time before replying, and then said:
"Well, approximately, you can put-
It at that sum. For all I know there
may be claims for 52,000.000 against her,
but all legal claims will be met, as she'
Is an honest woman."
"Has she enough money to meet the'
claims of $1,000,000?"
"Yes. more than enough," was the
reply.
"How about the intimation • that
some persons are trying to blackmail
Mrs. Chadwick?" was asked.
"As far as I know there is nothing in
the blackmailing line, but there are
some persons who are presenting
claims against Mrs. Chadwick who
have no legal right to do. so."
Powers eald he was not ready to
rive <jut a list of the creditors or to
reveal their names. He. said "that he
was not in a position to state, whether
my one had indorsed notes for Mrs.
Chadwick. t^M • ■
"It was the, greatest kind of an out
rage," ' said Powers, "to Intimate that
there was any connection between
Mrs. Chadwick and Mme. de.Vere, the
;x-convict- Nobody now believes it."
BANK WILL BE REPAID.
OBERLIN.: Ohio, Nov. 30.— All Ober
in is awaiting to-night.' .There is a
"eeling that, something will, take place
soon that will change, the situation,
iither for the better .or, the t worse, as
f ar as . the affairs of the Citizens' Na :
ional Bank are concerned. It is gen
erally known that President Beckwith
Continued on Page 2, ' Column 6.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDA V, --• DECEMBER --1 ' 1904
EX-MORMON
CHURCHMEN
TO TESTIFY
Promised Revela
tions in Smoot
. Inquiry.
Secrets ol tbe Eadowmeot
House Ceremony to Be
Revealed. ;
Rob3s Will Be Exhibited and Scenes
of the Service Faithfully .
Reproduced. ..
SpeciS! Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.— All of the se
crets of the Mormon endowment-house
ceremony are to be revealed when the
hearing in the case of Senator Reed
Smoot is resumed by the Senate Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections a
week from next Monday. The opposi
tion to Senator. Smoot will attempt to
show in these revelations that the Mor
mon people in , this : ceremony l renounce
allegiance to the United States. In ad
dition the robes of the ceremony will' be
exhibited to the committee, and as far
as possible there will be a reproduction
of the scenes in the endowment-house.
One form of oath taken is said to be
this: : £Y ; v
"I ,will avenge the blood- of prophets
who "are killed, in the nation and will
teach this to the remotest generation."
During the Drevious hearings all of
the Mormon witnesses, including the
apostles, refused to reveal the endow
ment-house secrets, insisting that they
were bound by a secret oath. They were
not pressed further, but were simply
requested to state whether or not there
had been any change in the oath and
ceremony since the foundation of the
churchl- They said there 'ha'd not.
Now the opposition will produce wit-'
nesses -who have been Mormons, but
who. .have renounced the church. Three
of these witnesses have been found who
have been through' the endowment,
"one as late as. 1898, and they will reveal
all of the. secrets. Special stress will be
laid at- the coming hearing's on the po
litical power .of the church, and Sen
ator Dubois .of -Idaho -has been very
active' in producing testimony in this,
line! ;;' ■ ' '
"The. result of the recent national
election," "s.aid .Senator Dubois to-night,
"goes. to -prove -the participation of the
Mormon church in •• political affairs.
Should such a power remain unchecked
it is alt6gether probable that some time
the Mormon- church' coujd turn the bal
ance iri a Presidential contest." ,' '-- ; -r
VILLAGE SCHOOLS FAVORED
BY THE NOBLES OF RUSSIA
Fund Subscribed- In Honor of Birth
of Heir 3f ay Be Used for
This P.urposc.
. MOSCOW, Nov. 30.— A conference
here of the marshals of the nobility,
it which was discussed- the most ad
visable use for the " fund subscribed
by the nobility., in. honor of the birth
if the heir to the thrbhe "unanimously
apposed the proposal to devote the'
money' to found a second naval col
lege or scholarships, in the existing
;ollege; favoring the: use "of the money
;n Opening village. ' schools on "the
nodel-of the Des.Moulins schools in
France? and the Litz schools in Ger
many.. This' action is considered sig
nificant. ; •
FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLAR
DIAMOND THEFT 'REPORTED
..ems ' Said to Ilave Been Taken |
Fronv Fair Exhibit, but Poljce :
Scout Story. • .
v^ST. LOUIS, Nov. -30.— It is reported I
hat $50,000 worth of diamonds were I
itolen from Mernro'd & Jaccard's ex
llbit in the Varied. Industries building '
it the World's Fair at the closing
lour to-night. The police say the,re
jort of the robbery Is incredible.
BSEN DANGEROUSLY
ILL WITH PARALYSIS
famous Dramatist _ Reported as Un
able to Either Speak
. Read or Write.
LONDON, 1 . Dec* . 1.— The Daily Teie
rraph's Copenhagen correspondent
ays that the illness of'Heririk ; Ibsen i
tas assumed the form : of a dangerous
)aralysls and that he is"uriable v t6
;peak, read or write.' .
JAPANESE CAPTURE PORT ARTHUR FORT
TOKIO, Dec. i— -The Japanese have captured and now hold 203-Meter Hill.
TOKIO, Nov. 30. — Imperial headquarters made the following announce
ment to-night: "Our torce operating against 203-Meter Hill (Port Arthur)
advanced at 10 o'clock to-day from the trenches already captured near the sum
mit of the hill and is now struggling for the southeastern portion of the fort
on the summit. A fierce battle was still raging at 7 o'clock to-night."
TAKES FUNDS
OF EMPLOYERS
THEFT-; IS- ; MADE OOOD
Friends of Embezzler Reimburse
Losers to Stop Prosecution. /.
Special Dispntch to The CalL
■ " ■
LOS ANGELES, '• Nov. 30.— L. B.
Sroufe, one of the best known and most
highly trusted men -in the Bisbee dis
trict of Arizona,, has been found to be
an embezzler to the amount of : many
thousands of dollars. Whether he will
be prosecuted has not yet been deter
mined, for the various lodges to which
he belonged have clubbed together and
made good his shortage's. ' The discov
ery of his peculations. was made by of
ficers of the Provident Mutual Build
ing and Loan Association of this city,
Sroufe having been the agent at Bis
bee for that concern 'and having
handled , thousands of doUars for It.
Sroufe for several years has held
the post of paymaster ,: a t .< Bisbee •■. for
the Copper. Queen, Consolidated Min
ing Company. ,IIis high-'standing^led
to his. employments as Uti*,.' confidential
agen t at of , ; . tttY- £ -jV£i?£ pha kTrvs\
and Savings' Bank,, and' a ♦year ago a
further tribute of /business- esteem
came in his appointment to^the posi
tion of agent and collector, at- Bisbee
for the Provident Mutual of Los An
geles. *♦
Among his duties were the -collec
tion of from $500 to $1500' monthly
SEES DOOM OF A TRUST
German. Statesman' Ridicules
American Steel Combine.
BERLIN, -Nov. 1 30.— rln the Prus
sian Diet the last two days have been
devoted to' art animated 'debate' on th?
bill appropriating $17,500,000 to ta'ke
over the shares o of the Hibernia'Coal
Company', which the Dresden' Bank
bought on behalf of • the- 'Prussian
Government. The bill passed its first
reading and was referred, to a' com
mittee. " .
During the. discussion Herr Moeiler,
Minister of Commercfi and Industry,
dipped into the trust question as it ex
ists .in the United States and warned
Germany against copying the Ameri
can system. .'■■•/.
"For several years," he said, "we in
Europe were' under the spell of .those
powerful . American organizations. We
believed the Americans ha'd discovered
•the philosopher's atone. After- time had
elapsed and we observed what ha'd be-
come .of those trusts we were in a'posi-
"FOOL-KILLER"
DOES ITS WORK
Special DiBuatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 30.— Peter Nisseri is
jelieved to have been either smothered
)r frozen to death in his rolling balloon '
'Fool' Killer," in which he started for a
;rip "across the lake yesterday. .
The opinion that NIs.sen was lost be-:
:ame general this afternoon when • It
;va.s found that after twenty-four, hours
here was still absolutely no word from'
:he, inventor, who some years aj;o shot
:he whirlpool rapids of Niagara Falls
n a barrel. ,-He has not been sigh. ted. by
iny vessel. • . •
The possibility, of iNlssen's smqtharing
o death was .considered more definitely
vhen it was learned that his only sup
)ly of .air .was pumped into the
'Fool. Killer" before the craft' was
aunched. . It was said .by .Nissen's
jrothers, ■ however, that the navigator
lad computed his air; and: figured; that
t -.would last him a great ' number of
lours. v ..-.■- . . . ,, .
At the Weather Bureau .it was said
hat .even" 1 If - Nlsseri ; reached the shore
le wpuld •■ suffer; from the_ cold, as there
vas a -snowstorm blowing jnear - the
Michigan shore, '? and as his boat had no :
neanVof heating and permitted of no'
tir 'entering^ the" navigator, ['would • suf
!er; severely. ... : '•■ " .' ■ -..-■
'The wind 'toward midnight 'increased '.
!rom twenty^flve * miles " an' hour * to "■ a
•ixty-mhe rate/. .. . . ... : .. ( ; r;
payments on account of the Provident.
He made remittances . correctly and
promptly until two or three months
ago, when his monthly totals began
■to .drop and his statement showed
more or. less', individual accounts
marked, "Unpaid; carry over," mean
ing 'that these ! clients of the associa
tion were delinquent, but would pay
i up later.
si Now it has been ascertained that in
reality the missing amounts had been
collected by Sroufe and used by him In
gambling. •
It is not known what . procedure
Sroufe followed in his peculations, from
the Tucson bank. His total shortage in
account with the Provident - was be
tween $3000 and $1000. when discovered.
When" the* true state of affairs was
suspected Secretary ; Wadlelgh and
Field Manager -. Stevens left hurriedly
i 'for Bisbee. i^rjfat^as a < week or more
'f aTgof^.Tncre t hdj^'obtuin'Jd; " it ( is; under"*
stood,'. Sroufe's* full confession. To save
the young man from criminal prosecu
tion, lodges to which Sroufe belonged
In Bisbee raised enough to fully'reim
burse the Provident Building and Loan
Association. --It. is stated that a. similar
settlement has • been made with the
Arizona Trust and Savings Bank.
tion to regard them more* calmly. We
Germans were most taxed by the great T
ness of the steel trust. : "V^iiat "shape did
matters .take with that -concern? In
order to -effect an organization It was
compelled to resort to -crazy overcapi
talization." • '.*..'.-••■ • • .'
Minister Moeller', continuing; said the.
iron • works • j had ■ been'. Capitalized to
double, to three-fold arid finally. to ten
fold . their 'actual value ; and that the'
company was.no longer- master: of the
competitive situation .'hi jts own poun-'
try. -Its "management ,-bf.' prices -caused
■new works to 'be : established, which
were, better., equipped than the older
ones were .producing. greater and
cheaper methods. The" - steel - trusts, he
continued, controlled only 45 per cent
of, the country's production, against 70.
or- 80 per cent .at the start;
■''Against such perilous experiments.,"
the Minister concluded, '.'may Germany
be preserved." •-" ' .. ,
MAN OF NINETY
STEALS A WIFE
3peclal Dispatch to The CalJ.
. MARION, Ind., Nov. 30. —^Mrk Kate
Christian, 3 7« years of age, has eloped
with Archie" Price, 9 Q years old. Elisha
Christian., the .deserted husband,-re
ported -the affair to the,.- police and .
wants his wife' and her plover- arrested.
Christian, said he •learned through
friends that his . wife was • having
clandestine-, meetings with Price, but
he Was iunable to see them together.
He said he discovered that they were
using a hole in ia. .hollow tree ...near his
home as a \ postofflce to exchange let
ters: ; Christian was unable to "get the
letters and placed" a steel trap in the
hole : for the purpose" of trapping thv»
man who was attemrpting to break up
his home. : . " -. ! • • ■ ;. '
To-day, he visited the; trap and -in
it: found • a ■■ note from ' .his .wife, who
said she had not been caught, but had.
decided to elope with. Price and would
former Redlands Man* . a Bishop.
LANCASTER, " Pa., . Nov. '3 Q.— Rev.
; William -T. Manning, vicar # of St.
' Anne's Church,. Trinity parish, "New
■Y'cfk" " Cit>% v and ". formerly .. pastor of a
church; at"Re"dlands,.Cal v was to-day:
"elected ; Bishop of ; the * nVwly organized
Protestant Episcopal diocese of" Har
,j risburg. '.,.■ • .
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— -Th* Christian."
CALIFORNIA. — "Flnniian's Ball.**
CENTRA!* — "The LJttl* Churei
Around tie Corner."?
COLUMBIA — "Her O«B "Way."
CHUTES— VaodeTllle.
• ISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRAJfD— 'The Kww Gtrf."
LYRIC HAT-T* — **The Star of Beta»
' Iwta."
aiAJTEBTJC — "la Mlxznaxau" -21aitow
to-day.
ORPHECat — TMH&rrfU*. Martrvr*
to-day.
TIVOLX — ~KI=r Dodo.""
NOGI'S VICTORY ACHIEVED
AT APPALLING SACRIFICE
OF HIS HEROIC SOLDIERS
1REAR ADMTRA1. WHO WILL. REP- I
RESENT AMERICA ■ ON THE
NORTH SEA COMMISSION.
ELECTRICITY
WILL MOVE
THE TRAINS
Nortliern Rpaas to
//Do Aw With '
Steam,
SneclaT Dissatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, Nov: 30.— Many .railroads
are: planning .to 'use 'electric instead of
pteam power -for. their light suburban
trains, but the Great Northern' and the
Northern Pacific want to substitute,
electric motors' for their heaviest
freight engines.
An expert from one of the largest
electric manufacturing concerns has
spent several weeks Invest! sating: the
question of electric traction on the
Northern Pacific and Great Northern
roads in the. Rocky Mountains. He re
ports that the water-power In the Cas
cades is sufficient to supply electricity
for motors to take the place of steam
engines on the mountain divisions and
that the cost of electric power will be
much less than the cost of the coal
used in the locomotives.
The coal consumption of both roads
through the mountains Is very heavy.
The Northern Pacific is fortunate in
having its own coal fields on both sides
of the Cascade range. Its coal costs
the." company |1 36 a ton. .The North
ern Pacific has shipped a great deal of
its- coal to San Francisco for the
Southern Pacific, but this market has
been curtailed by the introduction of
oijrburning engines on the Southern
Pacific.
The Great Northern is not so fortu
nate in its coaJ supply in the moun
tains. It buys a great deal of coal
from the Northern Pacific and uses
about 250.000 tons of coal from the Illi
nois mines annually. This coal costs
considerably more than that brought
through the lakes,- but it suppplies
northbound tonnage for the Burlington.
Lvast year .the Northern Pacific and
Great Northern roads used more than
3,000,000 tons of coal, and the average
cost' was- in excess of $2 a ton. This
expense would be greatly reduced if
the trains could be moved by electric
ity, produced by mountain waterfalls.
PRTrF. FIVE CENTS
Five Thousand Men
Fall in Two Hour
Fight for Forts
TORPEDO BOAT
nFSTROYFRSJFNK
Russians Fire Upon
One of Own Ves
. sels hv Mistake
TOKIO, .Dec 1. 10 a. m.— The lmpe-'
rial army headquarters announces that
the Japanese troops besieging Port Ar
thur are- in possession of 203-Meter
HilL The' following dispatch has been
given out:'
"The army commenced a bombard
ment against 203- Meter Hill at dawn on
November SO and made several charges
before 4 o'clock in 'the afternoon. Owing
to the enemy's stubborn resistance the
charges failed. At 5 o'clock in the aft
ernoon our foxra. advanced, esalnst the
southeastern portion of the hill, made
a 'fierce* charge • and reached witlUn
thirty meters of the summit. At 7
o'clock, with reinforcements, we charged
to the top, which was occupied by oar
force. Against the northeastern part at
the hill we also charged, and at S
o'clock the entire fort on the summit
fell into our hands. The Russians left
heaps of dead bodies on the eastern
side of the hill, but we have had no
time to investigate further."
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. SO.— Tne
Russian Consul at Cnefu telegraphs
that the Japanese captured two forts
in the storming operations against Port
Arthur on November 29,' but the news
is not confirmed from any other Quar
ters. The Consul says the- Japanese
losses were enortnous and that 5000
men were sacrificed in two hours.
The St. Petersburg authorities have
decided to grant $50,000 to the defenders
of. Port Arthur and their families and
appeal to the whole Rnssiam empire to
raise funds for the same purpose.
It is rumored ' that Russia will call
the attention of the. foreign powers to
the refusal of the Japanese to allow
vessels with medicine and comfort* for
the . sick and wounded to enter Port
Arthur. / o
LONDON, Dec'. I.— The Morning
■ Post's correspondent at Shanghai tele
graphs: ' " : . • • . . "
"It Is rumored that a Russian tor
pedo-boat destroyer, returning to Vlad
ivostok from a scouting • expedition,
was gunk by the .guns of the Russian
forts, in error." ' ' fPSI
The Daily Telegraph's correspondent
at Cnefu, cabling- under .date of No
vember SO; says that the Japanese be
gan a further he.avy bombardment of
Port Arthur at' 11 o'clock ' on Tuesday
night. • •'
ClIEFTJ, Xov. 30. — Chinese who left
Port Dalny_ on November 23 arrtved
here to-day. They say the fighting at
Port Arthur continues.' They heard
firing on -November 29, while at sea.
The Chinese assisted in carrying the
Japanese wounded from the trains to
the hospitals and personally counted
1000. ' The Japanese, they add, seemed
depressed.-
BIG .SHIPMENT OF BEEF.
Sending Nearly Six Minion
VnnnHi nn TlTMirla.'fl Order.
OMAHA, Nov. 30. — of the
largest orders for beef ever sent oat
of th* country, is now being filled by
the Cudany Packing Company of
South Omaha, which last night ship
ped to Portland. Or., the first con
signment for the Russian Government.
Seventeen carloads of beef were
shipped. The entire, order will fill
13?; ran and will be forwarded as
loo cans anu wi»i ut i«» »n »»»-»- —
rapidly as It; can be loaded.
The meat is consigned 10 the Rus
sian Government. It was sold through
brokers. The shipment is packed In
barrels, •weighing', when filled, each
about 350 pounds. A car will carry
about 125 barrels, or 42,000 pounds.
The entire train of 135 cars would
contain 5,670,000 pounds of meat. The
meat would ration an army of 100,
000 men for six weeks.
NiHa TTnlt on British ShlDDCTS.
LONDON. Dec. .1. — According to
the Standard the Government has in
stituted a searching inquiry regarding
British vessels coaling the Russian
fleet; with a view to preventing any
future breach of neutrality.
War News Con tinned on Page S.2
RUSSIA REPLIES
TO HAY'S NOTE
eady to Join in si
V( e Congress Until the
\ p With Japan Is Elided
WS^ER IS CORDIAL
4 * — -
■ ; Gives Assurance of
: is Sympathy With Atti
..ale of This Government
WASHINGTON." Nov. .JO. — Russia Is
unwilling to join the powers In a sec
ond peace conference at The Hague
until her war with! Japan is ended.
The Russian- reply to Secretary - Hay's
circular note to the powers of Oc
tober 23 last, inviting: them in the
name of the President to reassemble
in conference at The Hague "to com
plete the postponed work of the first
conference," was delivered verbally
to Secretary Hay to-day by Coant
Cassini, the Russian Embassador.
The Embassador was requested by
his Government to say that Russia
heartily accepted in principle" the in
vitation to a second conference at
The Hague and readily associated
herself with the American Govern
ment to complete the mission of the
first assembly convened under the
leadership of the . Russian Emperor.
The Embassador was further request
ed to say that, while the Russian
Government very sincerely cherished
these views, it did not consider the
moment opportune for the convening:
of such a conference, and it there
fore must withhold its formal ac
ceptance of the Vvitation until the
•war in the Far East was at an end.
Although different in form, the
Russian reply does not differ in effect
from those- of Groat Britain. France
and the other ' European powers.
While Russia is the first power speci
fically to suggest a postponement un
til the close of the war, all the pow
ers, in expressing their approval of the
proposition, .reserved for further
pour, parlours the time when the
conference should be' held.
It can be stated that this Govern
ment is well pleased with the recep
tion the note received. In his note
Secretary Hay purposely omitted sug
gesting a date for the assembling of
the conference, realizing that certain
powers might hesitate to take up for
final definition such complicated
questions as the rights of neutrals at
a time when a great war* was. in
progress. For the present it is prob
able the American Government will'
rest on its oars.
\rmy and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON. Nov. SO.— Under or
ders of the War Department Captair
• T ames Canby, paymaster, is relieved
from duty in St. Louis and will pro
ceed to San Francisco fur duty. • Pri
vate Evan S. Bolton of the Fifty-nintt
company, Coast Artillery at Fort An
drews. Mass., is transferred to th<
One Hundred and Fifteenth company
Coast Artillery. He will be sent to th<
station of that company at Fort Rose
crans, Cal. Private Bartholomew Da
cey. who deserted on April 9, 1903
A i>ysH5SiS2i5:
At 931-933 MARKET STREET
Are conducting at the present time their ANNUAL CLEARANCE
SALE OF PIANOS. Some new from $135 up, some used, but in
perfect condition, ranging in price $12.00 for squares and but little
more for uprights.
A General Cleaning Up of All Odds
and Ends and Discontinued Styles
Such as will not appear in catalogues again. Many of them the stan-
dard pianos of the world. Among them Mason & Hamlin, . Everett,
Steck, Hardman, Conover, Ludwig, Packard, etc., etc. /
We only conduct this kind of a sale once a year, and the sea-
son is open now — the sale is in full swing. (Open evenings.)
JAPANESE FALL BACK,
WITH SLAVS PURSUING
©y"ama Abandons Turning Movement Di
rected Against Kuropatkin's Left Flank.
Retreating Troops Succeed in Carrying
Their Wounded From Battlefield.
. MUKDEN, Nov. 30.— The . Japanese
are withdrawing to the Tsancha'u and
the. district between' Tsinchecheu j and
Sintsintin is clear of therm ''- : V; V_"
The foreign hospitals at Yinkow are
co-operating energetically in the work
of the removal of the sick and wound
ed Japanese.
The most important problem now is
the supply of fuel and forage, but a
commission which has been formed is
taking energetic steps to keep up the
supply of both these necessaries.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 30.— Official
and private dispatches received here
to-day indicate that the Japanese are
falling back below Sinmintin, where for
several days they had apparently been
attempting a turning movement. After !
four days of tolerably severe but un- i
successful fighting they are now retir- ;
ing. with the Russians In pursuit. . !
It is impossible as yet to tell whether
either movement has real strategic sig
nificance.
General Kuropatkin. under date of j
November 29. reports that the Japanese !
force which evacuated Tsinkhetchen,
near Da Pass, took up a fresh position
near the village of Suidun, about seven
and a half miles southeast of that
place. They carried off many wounded.
The Russians on the morning of No
vember 29 resumed the offensive, ad
vancing in the direction of Suidun.
Within a mile and quarter of there they
encountered a Japanese artillery fire.
By midday the Russian artillery opened
and under cover of its fire the Russian
infantry resumed the advance.
Spej-er Helps Bank's Victims.
LONDON, Nov. 30. — Edgar speye
from Company K, Seventeenth In
fantry, who was apprehended on or
about October 31, 1904, while serving in
Company G, Twenty-first Infantry,
now at the Presidio. San Francisco,
and who has been held to' service in the
latter company without trial for fraud
ulent enlistment, will be discharged
without honor from Company K, Sev
enteenth Jnf.antry. by the commanding
officer of the post, in the Philippines
where his company is stationed, by rea
son of desertion.
Orders to officers of the navy;- Sur
geon A. R. Alfred to be detached from
the navy yard at Puget Sound on De
cember 9 to the naval station at Cavite,
P. L. reporting to the commandant of
the navy yard at Mare Island, Cal.. on
December 14 for temporary duty' on the
Solace en route. Surgec-n D. N. Car
penter to be detached from the naval
hospital at New York to duty in charge
of the naval hospital and additional
duty at the navy yard on Puget Sound
on December 9.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1.
of the firm of Speyer Bros, has given
$28,600 to repay creditors, mostly
poor persons who lost their savings in
the failure of the local Penny Bank at
Needham Market, Suffolk.
ADMIRAL DAVIS CHOSEN
Will Represent America on the Xorth
Sea Commission.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.— Rear Ad
miral Charles H. Davis has been of
fered and has accepted the appointment
on the Dogger bank court of inquiry.
Count Cassini of the Russian embassy
and Sir Mortimer Durand, the British
Embassador, who were at the State De
partment to-day, were informed of the
selection.
Rear Admiral Davis was promoted to
the grade of rear admiral on August
24, 1904, and was selected recently by
Secretary Morton to command a divi
sion of the battleship squadron of the
Xorth Atlantic fleet. He completed for
ty-three years of service in the navy
yesterday, having, been appointed to
the naval academy from Massachusetts
in 1S61. He commanded the converted
cruiser Dixie in the war with Spain and
was engaged in blockading duty off the
coast of Cuba. For a number of years
he was superintendent of the naval ob
servatory at Washington.
Admiral Davis speaks French fluent
ly, and this, with his knowledge' of in
ternational 'and maritime law, com
mended him" to Secretary Morton, on
whose ■ recommendation the. selection
was made. He is- a brother-in-law of
Senator Lodge of Massachusetts.
VIENNA, Nov. 30.— It is said that
Emperor Francis Joseph has chosen
FIFTY MILLIONS
COST OF FAIR
Estimates Show That Stock
holders Will Have Fifth
of Their Money Returned
{Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU. WORLD'S FAIR
GROUNDS, ST. LOUIS, -Nov. -\ 30.—
When the Louisiana Purchase Exposi-
tion, the greatest 'of all world's fairs,
closes at midnight to-morrow, ' i8,750,
000 persons will have passed through
the turnstiles in the seven months it
has been opened to the public, more
than $50,000,000 will have been expended
in the construction and maintenance
of the great show and about the same
amount will have been spent by the
.public within the exposition grounds.
Of the total admissions, about five
millions have been free, leaving four
tern millions paid admissions, from
which the exposition derived about
$6,000,000. According to the best In
formation obtainable the receipts from
the concessions have just about •equaled
the receipts from admissions. This
would give the exposition a total rev
enue of $12,000,000, to which may be
added $1,000,000 more for receipts from
all other sources. This gives the ex
position a grand total of $13,000,000 in
receipts.
During the period before the opening,
the world's fair company received $5,
000,000 from the Government, $5,000,000
from the city and $5,000,000 from in
dividual stockholders. ,In addition the
exposition obtained .a loan of $4,600,000
from the Government, which was re
paid out of the receipts after the fair
openpd. The receipts from all sources
up to the day of the opening amounted
to about $20,000,000. This sum, which
was all expended, added to the cost of
maintenance' during the exposition
period and to the total sums expended
by tfte States and foreign governments
and the United States Government,
bring the total cost of the exposition,
exclusive of , the cost to exhibitors of
preparing, transporting and maintain
ing 'their exhibits, up to about $50,
000,000.
Having repaid the Government loan
and settled all outstanding bills pay
able, it Is believed there should be,
after salvage, a balance of at least $1,
000,000 to be divided among the stock
holders. • '
SCORES STARVE TO DEATH
IN UPPER PART OF MEXICO
Dead Thrown Into Ditches and Au
thorities Unable to Cope
With Situation.
MAZATLAN, Mexico, Nov. 30.— Late
reports from the northern part of this
State say that fearful conditions exist
there. Deaths range from twenty- five
to forty per day owing to , starvation
and malaria. In many instances the
dead are not given burial, it is said,
but are thrown Into open ditches and
canals.' The authorities are unable to
cope, with the situation
Provisions have been scarce in North
ern Sinaloa for some time, owing to
the destruction of crops by torrential
rains.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.— The fol
lowing Californians have arrived at
hotels here: At the Raleigh— Mrs.
Fred Deltraersof Los Angeles.; At
the New Wlllard—^Thomas ' J. Wilson
and Dr. Adolph'Danzizer of San Fran
cisco.
Bridge From Oregon to . Idaho.
WEISER, Idaho, Nov. 3 0.— The big
steel bridge across the Snake River at
this place, connecting the States * of
Idaho and Oregon', was completed to
day.
Admiral Baron von Shaun, formerly
commander of the Austrian navy, to be
the fifth member of the Anglo-Russian
North Sea Commission in case the oth
er four members fail to agree upon the
fifth member.
MIKADO -OPENS THE DIET.
Speaks With Coulklence of the Prog
ress of the War.
TOKIO, Nov. 30. — The Emperor
•formally opened the second war Diet
to-day, reading the following ad
dress:
"We hereby perform the ceremony
of opening the imperial Diet. „■.;»■ -i'."
"We announce to the members of
the House of Peers and of the House
of Representatives—
"That, to our profound delight, our
relations with all neutral treaty pow
ers are increasingly amicable:
"That we have directed our Minis
ters of state to, submit to you a
scheme for meting the extraordinary
expenditure necessitated by the war,
together with the budget for the
thirty-eighth fiscal year of Meijl, be
sides other projects of law; . ' ;
"That our expeditionary forces have
been victorious in every battle and
have repeatedly shown fresli proofs of
their loyalty and bravery, so that the
progress of .the war is increasingly to
our advantage; :"■'
"That we expect, by the loyal de
votion of our subjects, to attain our
ultimate object; and
"That we call upon you to discharge
your duties by harmonious co
operation, thereby promoting our.
wishes and ends."
ADMITS SHIRE
IN THE FRAUD
Former Deputy County Clerk
Gives Damaging Testimony
in Oregon Land Cases
PORTLAND, -Or., Nov. ' 30.— That-
George A. Howe is a myth manipulated I
by the alleged conspirator, Horace G.|
McKinley, to bring about the \dlsp6si- |
| tibn of the" seven quarter-sections in j
j township 11 south, range 7 east, by ap- J
i plication for the right of lieu selec-
Ltlon. thus placing them in the hands
of alleged conspirators, and that j
Horace G. McKinley made the request i
for an abstract of title to the qeorge j
Howe lands and that George Howe was 1
unknown and did not request it, was |
the trend of the evidence on the part |
of the Government during the fraud j
tijial to-day.
Early in the session the prosecu
tion's continued efforts to show by the |
testimony of the Government officials ;
that George A. Howe does not represent j
j a corporal reality precipitated a legal j
battle. The defense assumed the posi
tion that the evidence offered by the
Government to prove the non-exist
ence of Howe is not competent and that j
it cannot be proven by the mere testi- j
mony of witnesses that such a man is ;
not known and cannot be found. The j
prosecution contended that It could be i
so proved, that this* Is the only way to i
prove it and make impossible the whole
sale perpetration of fraud and crime j
and that such < evidence Is competent '.
sufficiently to establish the fact for all
legal purposes that such a person does
not exist in flesh and blOod. ;•■:.
Judge Bellinger did not pass finally
upon the merits of the contention, but
said enough to warrant the Conclusion
that the evidence is competent and ad
missible. •
Judge Bellinger said he would look
into the question further before ruling
definitely regarding the admission of
such evidence. ■
GAVE FALSE CERTIFICATES.
R. W. Montague, Deputy County
Clerk of Linn County under W. S.
Hammer from July. 1900, to July., 1902,
testified that he was authorized to
• sign Hammer's name, to final proofs
and homestead filings.
Montague identified the handwriting
on the Government exhibits and stated
that he supposed the seal on each was
that of Linn County. • He also stated
that he had known McKinley. Puter;
Dan W. Tarpley,- Mrs. Emma L. Wat
son and Miss Ware for various periods
of time. ""He then told of the filing of
the proofs and said:
' "Those who appeared befo're me
were George A. Graham, Thomas Wil
klns, George A. Pettis, Zenas K. Wat
son, Nellie Backus and Alexander D.
Brown. ( Those who did riot appear
were Mattie S. Lowell, William Mc-
Laughlin, Christie E. Langham, John
F. Foster, James A. Taylor. Albert A.
Austin and John Wakeneld."
The silence In -*he ; courtroom as the
words connecting Horace G. McKinley
'with seven of the. overt acts were ut
tered was Intense.
;Montasue then admitted that his
certificate on the papers that all of
those persons appeared before him
was not true and thus directly con
nected himself with the alleged con
spiracy.
WAS IX THE DEAL.
Further questioning by the District
Attorney brought out the .statement
that •; in each of ; the cases where ; the
papers were sentjto the land office with
out Montague > having seen the entry-,
men Horace G. McKinley brought them
to him personally. .
■' "Wai there; ever, anything said : as , to
.what t you i were ,to receive . out of the
deal?" questioned the District Attorney."
ITALIAN KING
LOOKS AHEAD
Speaks in Favor of Measures
for Bettering Conditions
of the Working Classes
HE OPENS PARLIAMENT
Refers to Country's Prosper
ous State as Due to Peace
and Friendship of Nations
ROME. Nov. 30.— King Victdr Em
manuel reopened . Parliament 'to-day.
P*rom his seat in the Senate at the
Plaza Madama the King" read; the
speech from the throne, .expressing lib
eral and peaceful principles, which wer«
enthusiastically applauded.
The hall of- the Senate -was crowded
and there, was an especially brilliant
gathering in the diplomatic tribune,
where the United States was represent
ed by Embassador. and Mrs. Myer. -The
whole assembly stood and applauded
for several minutes when the King and
Queen entered. In his speech the King
said in part:,
"When for the first time I spoke be
fore Parliament I affirmed my strong
belief in liberty. My experience since
then has confirmed my belief and has
persuaded me that only with liberty
can the ponderous problems now stand
ing before all the peoples of the world,
raised by the new aspirations and new
attitudes of the social forces, be solved.
My Government will continue to follow
the policy of granting ample liberty
within the limits of the law."
The King then announced the intro
duction" of " bills having the object of
progressively elevating the condition of
the Working classes, facilitating an
equitable and peaceful solution of the
conflicts between capital and labor,
substituting co-operation among all
classes . for . struggles and "replacing
strikes, which means' victory only for
the strongest by arbitration, which
means victory for justice."
. The King then referred to the con
clusion of commercial treaties with
Germany, Switzerland and Austria-
Hungary, and remarked: \ .'•
"Italy has been 'the first to demon
strate that the'- protectionist current
dominating the world does not prevent
commercial; agreements" when govern
ments are. guided by sentiments of
equity and solidarity." •
He insisted on the necessity for main
taining the balance of the budget and
the strength of the army and navy, and
said In conclusion: ' ' •
"The economic condition of Italy is
making evident progress, as demon
strated by the high quotations of state
bonds, which. have reached figures nev
er before attained, the disappearance
of exchange on gold, the large amount
of capital coming in, the increase in the
deposits in the savings banks, the
growing commercial activity, the devel
opments the industries and the unlim
ited credit enjoyed by the treasury of
the state. This happy condition has
.been reached, chiefly through peace, as
sured by solid alliances and sincere
•friendships 'and emphasized by the af
fectionate demonstrations which oc
curred at the time of the visits- to Rome
of the German Emperor, the Ktng of
England and ttie President of France.
"Arbitration treaties have been con
cluded with France. Great Britain and
Switzerland, while negotiations with
the United States and other countries
are well advanced. Thus Italy contin
ues her mission of peace."
."At the time the filings were made," j
replied Montague, _ "It was said that if i
they could buy the lands cheap and
sell them for more that I should have !
a share in the profits." . j
Another sensation was the testimony!
of Miss Mida McCoy, who connected C. ;
A. Hardin, attorney for Marie Ware,
with the changing of the name in the
George A. Howe abstract. Miss McCoy
is the stenographer in the office of the
Linn County Abstract Company. She
testified ' that McKinley furnished ab
stracts for the Graham Thompson and
George A. Howe claims. Miss McCoy
said that the Howe abstract was or- i
dered and delivered to McKinley. At
the time of delivery it had the name
of McKinley as having been the one
who ordered it. A short time after
Hardin came In and had the name of
McKinley changed to that of Howe.
COMPARES HANDWRITINGS.
John P. Marshall was the last .wit
ness of the day. He was formerly
cashier of the Ainsworth National
Bank of this city and is a handwriting
expert. By the aid of enlarged photo- |
graphs of the signatures taken from;
the. bonds filed with -the court as a
standard, the witness compared the
signatures of S. A. D. Puter, Frank H.
Wolgamot, Marie Ware. D. W. Tripley.
Horace G. McKinley and Emma ..L.
Watson, found In the original instru
ments, as well as the testimony of the
documents. According to Marshall, the
sli-natures of Joseph Wilson,' In the
Wilkins case, had been written by Hor
ace G. McKinley. In the George A.
Graham case and the George Pettis
case, the signatures of Graham and
Pettis were, according to the witness,
made by some one with the handwrit
ing of Miss McCoy as a standard. This
was true In the signature of Edward
Rees in the Foster case. The George
A. Howe signature was, in Marshall's
opinion, of similar character to the
writing of Horace G. McKinley and the
prosecution claims it will adduce fur
ther proof that It was forged by Mc-
Kinley. The Emma Porter and Emma
Watson "signatures, so Marshall said,
were beyond a doubt; written by the
same hand.
MarshRll was still -.on the stand when
court! adjourned. for the day.
. The Telegram quotes Specials Prose-
I cutor Heney as saying:
- ■ "United \ States v Senator John H. ,
.Mitchell' has refused to corns to Port
land at the earnest* and repeated re
quest of the special prosecutor, to tes
tify" In the land fraud cases trial. Sen
ator Mitchell also refuses to divulge
the name of a "prominent attorney'
who introduced Puter to him by. letter
at the time when I Puter asked him to
urge '. Mrs. Watson's claims ■ before ' the
Land Department."
To Cure a Cold In One Daj
Take Laxative ; Brorao Quinine Tablet*. .. All
druegists refund the money If It falls- to cure.
E. VV. Grove' » signature ts on each box. 23a*
BRAZIL FACES
A NEW CRISIS
Great Strike to Take Place
To-Day in the Capital of
South American Republic
TROOPS IN READINESS
Government Gives Out Word
That It -Is Prepared and
Able to Meet Situation
BUENOS ATRBS, Nov. 30. — In
view of the fact that a general Btrlke
will be inaugurated to-morrow, Pres
ident Quintana had long confer
ences to-day with the Ministers of the
Interior, War and Marine and the
Chief of Police for the purpose of
adopting measures for the suppression
of possible disturbances. An official
statement was given out to-night that
the police are fully prepared to pre
vent any interruption of necessary
public services and to protect purvey
ors of foodstuffs and those who are
willing to work. The Government also
has announced that it is in possession
of sufficient power to meet any emer
gency.
Cavalry has been brought to the
capital to aid in the preservation of
public order and prevent interference
with the railway or street car service
should It ie necessary. A state of
siege has not been declared, pwing to
the fact that so far no serious breach
of the peace has occurred. ;>-/ *
TKLLURIDK STRUK-E ENDS.
Miners' Association Satisfied With
Employers' Concessions.
TELLURIDE. Colo., Nov. 30.— Both
mine owners and union miners are re
joicing over the action of the San Juan
District Miners' Association, in ses
sion at Ouray, ending the strike in this
district, which was called on Septem
ber 1, 1903. President Charles H.
Moyer of the Western Federation of
Miners, who was imprisoned here for
several months last summer during
military occupation of the camp, said
to-day: >^.V. .- /,T •"."'•'
•¦Wo hjvo ..alia/* fKo *- *" nft lu.
"We have called the strike off be
cause we take the position that the Is
sues involved have been conceded by
the mine owners, and operators in the
Telluride district; in that they recently
posted notices to the effect that after
December 1 they would grant an
eight-hour work day, both for their
mills and smelters, and a minimum
wage scale of $3 a day. These were
the demands we made more than one
year ago." r ' K'
Troops Restore Quiet at Zelgler.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Nov. 30. — A
telegram received to-night from As
sistant Adjutant -General Reece at
Zeigler says that all has been quiet at
Zeigler to-day. He did ,. not say
whether any more men had been tak
en into the mine- to. work; ~~ '. •■■ j
RICH BACKERS 10 PAY.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2,
received two messages from New York
during the day, one of which bore the
signature of Judge Albaugh. dis
patch stated that' Judge Albaugh was
on his way to Oberliri from New York
and that he had with him securities
great enough to cover the loan which
was made through the Oberlin Bank to
Mrs. Cassie Chadwick. .1
Beckwith now openly refers to the
loss in its entirety as a $300,000 loan.
This, .he now says, covers in a general
way the loans made through the bank
and by him personally. He said to
night:
"People have wondered why a woman
having all the property that she has
and with so large an Income should
continue to be asking for loans. Mrs.
Chadwick has not had the handling of
her own assets for some time. While
there is not exactly a guardian. It al
most borders on that. She is in a posi
tion where she cannot touch one dol
lar of her income or principal. It Is
so tied up that she is absolutely help
less. This man who looks after her
finances is in sole control.
"I have seen three chests full of
jewels owned by Mrs. Chadwick. There
were diamonds worth a king's ran
som. She would hold them in her hand
and fondle them.
31 RS. CHAD WICK'S PARENTAGE.
"It has been suggested that she was
an adopted child of the Canadian fam
ily with whom she lived. Well. I guess
that is true. I don't think that Mrs.
Chadwick herself knaw who she was
or whence she ' came prior to four or
five years ago. I cannot tell how she
discovered it."
"But how could a woman knowing
so little about herself accumulate the
vast fortune that she says she has?"
was asked.
"Have I not told you enough already
so that you can see how she might
have come into the possession of much
that she has? Are you still wondering
how she secured all the securities that
she has? I can add nothing to what I
have told you. This did'not come from
her, but I think I know what I am talk-
Ing about."
PARKER GETS MARYLAND
BY SEVEN VOTES TO ONE
Official Count Made and Certified to
by Governor of the #
State.
BALTIMORE. Nov. 30. — The State
Board of Canvassers to-day canvassed
the vote of Maryland and upon Its re
port Governor Warfleld certified to the
election of seven Democratic electors
to one Republican. S!S
Murder Story Proves a Canard.
LOS ANGELES, Nov.' 30.—Investi
gation shows that the letter reporting
that Roswell Button, a Colton boy,
was murdered in the Canary Islands
was written by the foolish youth him
self as a joke. It was taken seriously
and caused terrible suspense and
worvy.^MSflH
Some people spend all their lives
looking behind them.
TAX PROPOSED
FOR WINE MEN
Suggested That Mild Reve
nue Be Collected on Brandy
Used for Fortification
YERKES MAKES. REPORT
Two Million Dollar Increase
in Receipts in His . De
partment During Year
WASHINGTON, Nov. 80.— The an
nual report of Commissioner Terkes
of the Internal. Revenue Bureau shows
that for the fiscal year ended June
30, 1904, the receipts of the bureau wera
$232,904,004. an lncrase of $2,183,079
over the ' collections for the year pre
ceding % ' . V-"
The Commissioner calls attention to
the fact that the Government relieves
the distillers and wihemafcers from th.»
tax of $1 10 per gallon on the ' grape
brandy used to fortify sweet wines and
in addition pays all the expenses inci
dent to the gauging and use of such
spirits. In view of this latter fact the
Commissioner recommends that a mod
erate tax. If not the full- tax. be Im
posed upon wine spirits or graj«e
brandy produced and used for fortifica
tion. The present cost to the Govern
ment of supervising the use of grapa
brandy for this purpose is estimated at
from $25,000 to $30,000 a year. •»; V
The report says that if a tax of only
25 cents per gallon was assessed as
against the brandy withdrawn and
used for fortification purposes the
actual cost of the wine would not be
increased more than 5 cents per gal
lon and would have produced to the
Government during the fiscal year 1303
a revenue of JJ.042.F91. ■■ ';.
The Commissioner submits for con
sideration the propriety of the Imposi
tion through necessary legislation of a
tax on wool alcohol to an amount suffi
cient to place wood and ethyl alcohol
on a basis of equality. . ,
■ ■ o «
Found Dead on the Street.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 30.— Gecrrge W.
Larsen, 74 years of age, was found dead
early .this evening- on the sidewalk at
the corner of Fifteenth and K streets.
There were cuts and. bruises on hi3
head and face. -.He was employed as
an expressman and may have been
thrown from his wagon. The Coroner
will try to ascertain whether death
was the* result of his Injuries, and if
so how they were inflicted.
» ♦ ■
Aged German Commits Suicide.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 30.— August Hour
tienna. a native of Germany. 74 year3
old, committed suicide this evening at
the residence of his son on Brooklyn
Heights by taking carbolic acid. He
had been a sufferer from cancer of the
face. _; '"
Russia Will Make a Display
PORTLAND. Nov. 30.— Russia will
make a. governmental display and will
participate In' the Lewis, and. Clark
centennial, according to a cablegram
receiyed to-day jfrpm St. 'Petersburg by
W. H. Goode.
;■' ■■•-• ■ ♦ »
Death of a Former Mayor.
GRASS VALLEY. Nov. 30. — Far
mer Mayor W. B. Parsons died here
to-day. He was operated upon for
appedlcitis this morning, but failed to
rally. He leaves a wife and two chil
dren.
ADVgRTISEMENTa.
"THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Few People Know How Useful It. I* In
Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier In nature,
but few realize its value when taken
Into the human system for the same
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; it la not a
drug at all. but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present
in the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them out of the system. ■
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating on-
ions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and im-
proves the complexion: it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably tha
best charcoal and the most for the
money is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozen-
ges; they are composed of the finest
powdered Willow charcoal and other
harmless antiseptics In tablet form,
or rather In the form of large, pleas-
ant tasting lozenges, the charcoal be-
ing mixed with honey.
The dally use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beauty of it Is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use. but, on the contrary,
great benefit.
A Buffalo physician, in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I advise
Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all pa-
tients suffering from gas In stomach
and bowels and to clear the complex-
Ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver 13
greatly benefited by the daily use of
them; they cost but 25 cents a box at
drug stores and although In some
sense a .patent preparation; yet I be-
lieve I get more and better charcoal
in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges than in
any of the ordinary charcoal tablets."
IpiDTCD'cl CUKE SICK HEADACHE.
LAKItKO ;•
BBittle Genuine Must Bear
jglVER Fac-Simila Signature
W PILLS. s? _>
/^"^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
B •"& 629 KEAB2VY ST. Establish.*!
mq-T^Lln 1934 for the treatment of Private
lyi ) K Sgf Diseasei. Lost Manbood. Debility or
ISnSilZsSEa'Iia'M* wearinxon body and mind and
SSBWffljSkln Dtswues. The Doctor cores when
fait. Try him. Ch»r S es low.
XaM^inwi t aaranlfr<l. Call 01' wrtu.
i »r. J. r. 0IBBO.X, »»a madaco, C*iMEN AND WOMEN SWEAR
MISS DOLBEER WAS SANE
Intimate '■■.HrJeffldsKSay" Sh B Was Clever
MISS HELEN WAGNER AND MILTON G. LATHAM LEAVING CITY HALL AFTER DOLBEER HEARING. MISS WAGNER IS A
BENEFICIARY CXDEB THE OONTE STED WILL AND HAS BEEN A DAILY Sl^LTATOn AT THE TRIAL. MR LATHASJ
WAS A V.'ITXISS yrSTERDAV FOR THE PROPONENTS. .' : - r, "
Trouble is brewing amonj the spec
tators at the trial of th« Dolbeer will
contest. Feeling runs strong over
tfa* case at bar, and tlie \comen folk
particularly do not bids their sympa
thies. The society girls and matrons
xrho are belns caJl?d to testify as to
the healthr meats! condition o?
B?ri_ha Dolbecr are, of course, taking
sides \rith the proponents. Tliose of
th« fair sa who favor lie courts of
ti* contestant are fe*r, but these are
intent on imnotiES It wherever it Is
ihotMErfct a word or an opinion can
avalL
The trestle ajnong the onlookers
broke ort openly yesterday. Mrs.
ElisabrtJi C Phillips made complaint
that she «ras being subjected to dis
courtesies in the courtroom by the
"society crowd." Mrs. Phillips ta the
bencSciary of &Hss Dolbeer's testa
r.rn: to ;hf amoaat of SI 0.000. She
testified In behalf of the contestant,
bciag <lissstis^ed with the amount of
her becuest.
Jadge Coffey has directed that seats
be reserved ior tlie women who come
to the trial. Sirs. Phillips says the
»baI3I!T diligently looks after Hie wants
of the friends of the proponents, but
ignore* her. Yesterday, she fnxther
complains, some of the "society"
women tr'^d to prevent her from
taking a seat she found vacant. She
savs they placed a eatchei on It. «
A few days ago Attorney Pillsbury
made objection to the presence of
Mrs. Phillips because her cough was
annoying. The court has thus far
taken no action.
The complications that Judge Cof
fey has to dt»al with are multiplying-
Yesterday morning a gallant young
law clerk undertook to open a window
fa as to provide fresh air for the
"society corner."
"I don't want any ex-ofnelo attaches
Pm stick form; con-
mce and economy in
it is the best and cheap-
est shavingr soap.
Sold aU over the world.
A Garden of Choicest Roses FREE to Any Adiess in United States. Airess II Offieefor Particufars
here," came the stern command from
the bench.
The court has a bailiff at' beck and
nod, end no one understands better
than the Judge himself how to pro
vide the best ventilation for the great
est number. Fresh air for some may
mean deathly colds for others, and
the Judge regulates windows and
doors accordingly.
The testimony of thr day was chiefly
that of intimate friends of Bertha Dol
beer, v,-ho all agreed that she never dis
played a single indication of insanity.
The witnesses were principally men
who had met her in society.
The cross-examination of Mrs. Lolita
Selfridge was finished with a few
questions immediately after court con
vened In the morning.
Benjamin M. Joseph, manager of the
art department of the White House,
bad known Miss Dolbeer, he testified,
as a patron at the store for many
years. The witness said she used keen
business judgment in trading at the
store. He met her in Paris later, see
ing her in a carriage with Miss Mary
Josselyn at the fete of "the battle of
flowers." He merely spoke to her as
she passed, and she appeared to be per
fectly rational.
WALTER S. MARTIN TESTIFIES.
Walter S. Martin testified that he first
met Miss Dolbeer in March, 1899, being
introduced to her by his brother, Peter
Martin. The witness came in contact
with her frequently after that at social
gatherings. The last time he saw her
was on April 4 of the present year,
when he conversed with her In the Co-:
lumbia Theater about renting her house
while she was away.
"She was perfectly rational and a
conservative character," was the opin
ion of the witness.
Milton S. Latham was the next wit
ness. He said he knew Bertha Dolbeer
well and frequently visited her home.
Previous to the death of her father the
witness called on her several times
every week, but after that but once or
twice a month. He saw the testatrix a
number of times Just before her de
parture last April for Europe, and was
at the ferry with the party that was
there to bid her good-by. There was
then nothing strange or unusual In her
manner, he said, nor any Indication
whatever of melancholia-
John Zeile had also participated In
numerous social diversions that Miss
Doibeer attended. He described auto
mobile trips and drives they had taken
together. An intimate acquaintance
ship was shown, and when asked his
opinion the witness said that Miss Dol
beer was undoubtedly rational and of
sound mind. Zeile described a dinner
party given by the testatrix a short
| time before she started for Europe, and
j she was very cheerful that evening. She :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, , DECEMBER M;/ 1904;
was also in happy frame of mind the
day the departed, the witness going tc
the ferry to s.'iy good-by t'< her.
Mi* I)ena Ilasmussen. who was em
ployed iy Miss Iiolbeer for household
work, testified that at n<> time was
there any sign <>f melancholia in the
testatrix. The witness said her em
• ployer wa? of very even temper, never
became excited and seemed to look on
the bright side of life. Misa Dolbeer
•went out a great deal, finding keen en
jcyment in social diversions. She en
tered into gayety so much that the
I course of "rest cure" was necessary
: before starting: on the trip to Europe.
According to the witness there could be
no question as to the sanity of Miss
Dolbeer.
The deposition of Miss Ethel Hager,
j takrn before ehe left for the East a few
i weeks ago. was read to the jury. She
j was at Del Monte with Miss Dolbeer
i and her father in 1902, and on one oc
! casion the testatrix told the witness
¦' that Miss Warren had been "brother,
sister and mother" to her.
"I regard Miss Warren as my nearest
[ of kin and feel most fortunate in hav
! ing her with me as a companion," was
| one of Miss Dolbeer's declarations.
Miss Hager told of several social af
fairs Miss Dolbeer attended and of
other occasions they were together.
, When asked her opinion deponent said
I she never detected any symptom of in
i sanity in the testatrix and was certain
' she was of sound mind.
The trial will be resumed this morn-
CANNOT LOCATE . MISSING
CONSIGNMENT OF MONEY
Fifteen Thousand Dollars Disappears
Mysteriously From Wells, Fargo
>. & Co.'s Office.
The forwarding money department of
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Express is report
ed to be out $15,000. Where the money
has gone to or how it came to disap
pear is a mystery to all concerned in
that office. The package and contents
weighs 67 pounds, and this "\ ould seem
to preclude any possibility ,' that the
money had been stolen from the office.
The officials do not think a robbery has
been committed, but are of the belief
that it has been shipped out of town by
mistake
Money that is being' shipped away is
done up in bags, and these are In turn
put Into boxes, which are locked. The
agent at this point retains, one key and
the agent at the objective point has the
other. It will therefore be impossible
for the officials to unravel the mystery
until all the boxes shipped out yester
day have reached their destinations.
Telegrams have been sent by the com
pany to all their agents "at places to
which money was shipped. .
CHARGES OF BRIBERY
TO BE PROBED.
Mayor and Officials
Ask Investigation
Deny Knowledge of Chinatown "Sack"
•^ : '.The';charges against ;Mayor Schmltz,
Abe Ruef, Chief of Police ;\yittman and
Commissioners Reagan and :Drink- :
house,' alleging cqnniyance ; with cbrrup-;
tion hi; Ch!nato>\ rii were' tneVsubJect • of j
an animated discussion. before the ;Po-:j
lice Commissiohers last night! /...As\a, re-: ■
8uit(there^ will be anbtner^^ inyestigation i
regarding; the existence ■ of ; an alleged •
corruption' fund in y Chinatown and : ef- : [
for^Swill be/ made v- to ascertain^^he;|
names of the beneficiaries : and punish '
them accordingly. ; • >^ -".^v.;^; ' : : . ,.
;:".The"; excitement begran;;early _.■-• in i theji
evening and lasted morethan an hbur..f
After, a: few minor. : 'matters , had been'i
disposed of, Abe Ruef. stepped forward ;
and • announced : that^as'- a. representa-'- 1
tlve.of Mayor Schmit'z. he .wished to call j
attention" to -a' publishedVartlcle; villif y- i '
ing the Mayor, himself, and members of j
theSi board. ; Iii : strohgi lajiguage^.he j,
branded the article .:.in^uestioh.VaSiv'!a r t!
deliberate, cowardly and maHcioiislie. 1 '- j :
He urged the board to^niake ' V ; '£ull?in-:|'
vestigatioh of the ch'arges;:and offered r
his services as attorney.' gratis; •promis- j •
ing also to 'secure free .of charge, for the";
board any attorney who might \be.;ser '
lected to assist him;> : The". .offer '.was-.ac.i-!;.
cepted by the Cbirimlsslbners;. -and/ a!
public: inyestisation will :-'1j^ 'begun 'to- j.
morrow afternoon at.' 2 'o'clock. , _ • !
: -The; whole ■;) -'.trouble :apparehtly was i
stirred ui» by a qulet;-raid; made :by;'.
Coinrhissioner Huttoh ■ ; on ; TuesdJiyj
night, .when, wlthyan. officer, and' an at- : ;
tprne'y.ihe =gained^entrance ;to ; a housej^
at ; 820 Jackson Vs treet and i n terr upted : a]
i gambling same;r.:Hte3ife^rt.of;the : ;:iMi^j:
i is :as follows: ' ' j
! .On MoiJay «vehinsr,' thfr 2«ii ■" Insti.; Shortly :
! before « o'clocfc. l.:in company with -a mewscn*'
ger. bfiarded a west bound car at Montfictnery.
an<l Cl*y streets -'and i»r<K:e«i3e(J westerly. •■■■".■:' -. s .
V On passing' Waverly place I noticed p4tt|cU«H.
larly that there were but a few people thereon: g
' Tho • inee««nger ; and myself left the • car at '■■
Powell and Clay syr w * s «' wnc » l han'ded Mm a- .
cealed envelope am! told him to go to Jackson. : :
ami Dupont ftreets and endeavor to tlnd l-i-r- ■'
pesint Ellis of tho ("Mnatown jujuad and deliver;..
It to ■ htm.' and If -ho was not ■• there to look'-:
through Chinatown -until .se found him, nnd .
note particularly thi»- time of dellv.crj-. ■ . - ;
He ijollvered It to the sergeunt at the Wush- j
inston-street Theater at '.irW p. m. The en- j
veiope contained a" request to tho sergeant to J
meet me ■ at" the- "arus ".store at l'owell J
'and Ciay stroets 'and conduct me through!
: the Chinatown s.:r.M ir.tr houses. At th« j
; tlme.-vf its delivery to the turge&M I am i
i un'ablc to »e6 !i->>v any one but ho and I «nw |
i of the contents of the -note. • Still, at ».:». a I
I telephone message was received at a Chineee
j gambilns house at 5 St. Louis ai-Jey. informtnf I
that place that a Police Commissioner and the j
sergeant were about to visit . the gambling
places and to close up quick.
Also at 0?25 a similar. roeMag* was" received
at a Chinese gambling plac« at 102 Waverly
place.- - ;- - - - - «
At 9:26 Chin Ktm. You. who. 1 am told, is
president of the Gair.blers" Ass»ociatlon. tele
phoned to the gambling place at 820 Washing
ton street that a Police Commissioner was
coming through Chinatown with the sergeant,
and to close up quick. Similar, messages were
Ff-nt to other gambling houses.
Sergeant Ellis met nie at Powell and Clay
streets at 9:30. We w«.lked down Clay street
to Waverly place and proceeded north. We
walked down Waverly place an,l found some
of the Iron lattice doors locked with a pad
lock, others wer* closed but not locked. About
all of the Iron lattice doors were closed, which.
Is not customary at that hour of the night
or at any other of the frequent times I have
been through Chinatown In the evening.
We went into t?ome five or six camblinc
places on Waverly place and found but one
or two persons sitting or moving around, mak;
injr a pretense of closing up.
We went to two or- three places on Wash
ington street with the same result. -. The »ldtf
walks on Washington street were also being
crowded with Chinese.
We 'went to some Rambling places on St.
Louis alley and found the same state of facts.
There was no gambling being carried on In
Chinatown at that lime.
I then walked with the sergeant ■ to Jackson
street, down Jackson street to Kearny and
then left him, and at 10 o'clock I received
the above reports as to the time messages
were received in the gambling places.
Desiring to confirm my belief that the con
ditions In Chinatown on the evening of the
25>th of November were not normal I went to
Chinatown' on the 29th at 9 p.' m. In a clospd
coupe in company with Officer Mlnehan and
L». G. Carpenter. When we arrived In front
of 820 Washington street Mr. Carpenter and
myself hastily entered and found about one
hundred Chinese busily engaged in either play
lntc or as spectators at the game of fantan. j
Officer Mlnehan entered a few minutes later
and Sergeant Ellis about five .minutes, later.
We succeeded in arresting about eighty-five
Inmates, acquired a quantity of evidence and
$C62 95 in money. •
This was one of the places I visited the
night before and found no one there. On
the contrary those who had evidently been
there a few minutes previous appeared to be
temporarily on the street and sidewalks in*
front thereof. !
I had been informed norae two* weeks pre
vious that for months past no gambling was
being carried on except when the police were
restrained by an Injunction or at least up to
the hour of 11 p. m.. but the fact as it ap
pears to roe is that the only time gambling Is
not carried on is when there is no opportunity
of knowing that a Police Commissioner la
about to make a visit.
The above matters are presented for such
action as you / may desire to take. Very
respectfully yours. H. W. HUTTON.
This report was temporarily filed and
the discussion on the newspaper article I
again taken ud. Chief "Wlttman said
'that he had no knowledge of money be
ing, paid for protection In Chinatown,
but If such were the case he courted
Investigation. "I ask for a full investi
gation," he said. "When a man has a
clear conscience he fears no one, and I
am that way. "I will come out with fly
ing colors."
Commissioner Drinkhouse said:
In reference to an article appearing In ■ an
evening paper regarding protection of Chinese
gamblers by this department, I wish . to say
that, bo far -as It refers to me. It Is like many
other articles in that paper — an outrageous,
bare-faced He. I am and always have been
against tolerating this open gambling, and
always will be against It: ; and I want it dis
tinctly understood that I am ready on the
first aresentatlon of any croof of corrupt
knowledge or corrupt : conduct in this connec
tion on the part of any. member. of this de
partment, high or low, ,- to vote for his Imme
diate dismissal.
Commissioner Reagan was equally
bitter' in his denunciation" of what he
termed "a base and slanderous lie." He
also expressed a perfect willingness to
be; investigated,; and said he 'would; do
dll in his power to punish any guilty,
parties.
On behalf of Mayor -Sen mi tz. the fol
lowing resolution was presented and
unanimously adopted:
Whereas. It has frequently been rumored
and alleged' that a corruption fund Is paid to
certain officials • of •■' this ■ department for th«
protection of. gamblers : In - Chinatown; and
whereas, repeated; effort- on the part of mem
bers of this commission and of the Mayor of
the city- has resulted only In discovering that
funds have been collected In Chinatown osten
sibly for the purposes stated, but it has with
the greatest effort and expense been found Im
possible to .• ascertain < whether ¦ these moneys
are paid by the Chinese ..who collect the same
to'.' any official or .other ; person for ¦ any pur
pose: and whereas.' not only ah'ould the..whole
sale gambling in Chinatown be suppressed, but
any 'person or official offering or guaranteeing
protection . or . accepting moneys for that; pur
pose . b.» punished ... to • the full • extent ¦¦': of the
lnw;'tJietefor«- '..': •¦'•:-¦-,••;".• '.•:- :: -' -¦' '¦-¦..'." '
. . Resolved. First, that the Chief of Police be
¦ and he is hereby directed to detail at once for
service in Chinatown twenty-five officers and as
many more as may be needed, to suppress the .
gambling referred to, such police officers to re
.main on' duty until every gambling house In
Chinatown shall be finally closed.-. ••-.::>::;
Second, that a reward of $500 be offered ten
competent evidence of the payment or delivery
by the Chinese who collect the funds referred
to, -or by any other person, to any official of
the Police Department, or to any other, person
jw" •'iiiui*-! -i. ¦¦¦'•¦ w auiii s.iiiii»r i.« nutmeg, >ne
same to be po.i>i 'out of the Police Department
contingent tUDi.y.-;-}-;.^.y:-.;lx,\'::-. •:•;.:•,; .- ¦•; ';;-;...>|;Jt
.The matter of the reward occasioned
a little discussion, as funds are low, but
Chief Witt man readily volunteered, .to
pay the money out of his . own pocket.
.A similar offer was mad« , by Ruef • and
entered. in the record. ' The. proprietor
I anvj j editor of the paper . . referred to
' will ' be /Viven ' an .. opportunity to dis
close . their 'sources, of information re
garding t-he existence and manipula
tion or the: .alleged sack. -, • . . '
• . ;'• ¦ ? »;', — — —
SArES::SEIZKD;Bi:. ; POIJCI3 v W:
; ; ; ; ox A* skArch . warravt
On "Bclialf of Chinese ; Interested^At
i; '■':'■■ torjnpy .Coilinsi-ivill Avifly : ;t or a ■"•: £,
■ •' Writ of -Cert lbrart^:^ : ".v: ";■•;
y- Acting blunder: orders,- Captain of &6- !
lice Duke) yesterday 'morning': secured j
.a -search' warrai»t* :: from' Police /Judge.
CabaiiiBs • to obtain posesaioh of three !
that were kept ai 620 Washington
street; , The reason given was that- the .
safes might contain evidence' of satn
blinKT. ; -This -.was the"; place raided -by
: Police:;;: : ..Comm!ssioner. : ,;..:Hutt6n':v' and
others, on Tuesday night,;. when eighty
; seven .Chinese : :>vere .arrested'-. for. pi ay
.insr fantan.- •
vv • Attorney .'George D.' Collins later ob
tained an order from Police Judge Ca
buniss instructing the Chief of Police
not to open the safes, or allow them
to. be opened pending the result of the
search warrant proceedings- * The or
der was served upon the Chief yester
day afternoon. Collins said that he
would apply for a writ of certlorari to
prevent Judge . Cabanlss from taking
any steps in regard to the search war*
i rant. He claims that; the safes belong
to-Chim Kin You and were seized by
tho police without nay justification.
Judge Fritz last evening set the case
for hearing on Saturday at 10 a. m.
DID NOT KNOW DIVORCE
DECREE WAS NOT FINAL
Marries Before Interlocutory Ex
pires and Has Second Union An
nulled — -Other Separations.
The difference between an interloc
utory and a final decree of divorce
was not known to Mattie Irene Law
son when she thought she became the
wife of James Lawson on March . 1
last. She passed the 'first stage of
legal separation on December 16,
1903, when she received an interloc
utory decree from Joseph McMahon.
and ten weeks later she went through
a marriage ceremony with Lawson. As
soon as she found that she was not
legally married she filed an action for
annulment of the union. Her plea
was granted yesterday by Judge Sloss.
Thomas B. Eagan, who is working
on an electric railroad between San
Matco and San Jose, has not paid
Mary Eagan, his divorced wife, the
alimony awarded by the court for
twenty-two months past and is now
$1170 in her debt. She filed an affi
davit yesterday for an order for him
to show cause why. he should not pay
up. She has seven children to sup-
port.
Judge Troutt, in ■ whose, court the
case has been under submission, yes
terday annulled- the marriage of
Richard and Sophia Bucking because
the husband found out! after the cere
mony, that his bride had been a per
son cf Immoral character. Divorces
were granted by Judge Hebbard ' *to
Strody Battin from Elmyra Battin,
desertion; to Isabella Hocking from
Alfred- Hocking, desertion; to Cath
arina Guiliani from Natale Guiliani,
desertion; by Judge Sloss to Edith
A. Lesser from Harry H. Lesser, de
sertion; by Judge Kerrigan to
Maria E. Knaul from Peter Knaul. de
sertion and neglect: to Mrs. Z. H.
Langrdon from R. B. Lansrdon. neg
lect. The Knauls were married in 1874.
1874.
Mystery of a Sea Cook.
- An unknown man was found on a
lumber pile at Irwin and Sixth streets
yesterday afternoon with a deep gash
over his right eye. At the Emergency
Hospital he was examined by Dr.
Plnkham, who declared that" the pa
tient was suffering from a fracture of
the skull. On recovering conscious
ness the man said that his name was
William Groth and that he had been
employed as a cook on a coasting ves
sel. When searched he had $117 on
his i person. He could not explain
where he got the money or how he
came to be injured. • Detective Wren
was put on the case by Detective Cap
tain Burnett, i.
LOSES AN ARM. — Oakland. Nov. -30. — John
Holman. an iron worker. employed on the new
Union Savings Bank building at Thirteenth
street and Broadway, got his arm in the ma
chinery of a new elevator being Installed there
this afternoon and It was so crushed that it
was amputated at the elbow ' by Drs. O. D.
Hamlin and L. L. Rleslns at the Receiving
Hospital. He Is 34 years of age and lives at
329 Vallejo street, San Francisco.
0 VERNOR Or UKEbUN
- : /- ■:■■■:■■.■ '. ' The . Magnificent State • Capit ol Building at Saleia, .Ore jon. viffi,
|--^: ; '"- ; ' :- V..VV.V, :' ;: ■;v:-V;:/,^;;V:V;.,- : /:; : V-y^ : :■,,;;. h^vM'i^^?'^^ '■■ '■ : ' " r £""*£:
{: r> ERUNA.is kno-wn from the Atlantic In i llettipr t« Th» , Peruna 2f9d!e1a«
}'r^;>'..to .the. Pacific. -,I«ett«ra. of congrat- Co.. he •»>•■: : ' -,.■..;; - : .' •
I-- .S^ulatlon -.and. commendation -testify- -.-: .. - -. .;.-.. KM* of «lr*«©a. '■' ••.
■ ins to the merits of Peruna as a catarrh .:^ '."■:•.. Biteutlve Df»wrtatat,-.-A
j remedy are pouring In from every. State The Peruna Medicine Cc, CQton&GS. <V.
j- of -the Union;- •;•' , •..;.■',; V: :• DeQrSin—thdn had CSsau'M to «!•"'
K Dr. Hartman -Is receiving hundreds of y Car : : p tran ai;m»d!tiii»\h of /ara> for
I such letters' dally.' ..All ..classes -."write * #>'• -,._»:■,•#- . M ..v >, A* »• *»-V?"»-#
these letters, from the highest'- -to - the Cf>Us * «».»/'/?»'•» *»■••-«» •"*"■:
lowest. ;v:"^^-.-';^';;i.-v. v.:':'> '/V-'.^vr-y'-"-- femeif. I for* r.ot Aad c::atJ*i t$ vt$
'; The...outdoQr : .lahbrer.;-thftlnaobr 'artl- itfor.othsrdtirri9r.ti. . .'■' ■ :. .
san.'v the clerk/ the editor, the 'statesman.' ;-.^V;);; : '-; ; ; Z;''' f curt very truly, ' •':*:
the .preacher— all' airree' that Peruna Is '• . .' ; ! ; '■ : ■ ; - »f. M. lerdL- : ''
the catarrh remedy of the age... ••;. v V- ■:>£ •,.- -..;y, .•••••*•'«•••
o:\The triage and rostrum, recognizing ca- It will he noticed that th« ex-Go**rn»*
.tarrh as their greatest enemy; are. espe- says he has not had: occasion to u?» Pt»;
clally..©nthusiastie:ln their praise and runa for other aUment«vv : Th« season f«».
testimony, v . • ■•: •■ : : - : :-: • ••:">:-:. -V - this Is. most other ailments teain wlta
■'■: Any man who wishes perfects health a cold..- • '{■Y^ : _y-'--^+-'-'^-'-^'.- ■ ■
must be entirely free from catarrh. Ca- : Using .Perona^to promptly ««£• COWy
tarrh Is -well-nigh universal; almost om- he protects his family ajralnat other «il»
nipresent. . V-.^y.: •;■..;■;••• •;■; ; ; :\;.;;v.\ '■-. ■• monts.-. .••■;■. \; .■:-■■ •.■■:;:•.: :'.•■ ■'•••.- ■■■■■■■■ .":"• "■i' : --:-L~-" -
• Peruna is the only absolute safeguard Thi«: Is exactly -what erery ©tk«T fam-
known.v A cold Is the beginning. of ca- Uy in the United States uhouM t!*— *a*9
tarrh. To • prevent colds, to cure colds. Peruna In the. house. y%* It : f or ctrasn*.
is to cheat catarrK of Its victims. :\ 7'i colds, la grippe and^other chntAtle aff*c>
■ ■-:■_ '■•■ -V ■--;•;> : ■• ■■■■•. •• ■''■■■•*.;■■ . "■■ £ : -i-'-l- '■'-'■ '■' t!on:» nt winter, ami there will ■-o«:-.n»
: ;Peruna not only cures catarrh, but prt- othpr ailments In the houne. :.
rents it. ■ Every household should be vjp-- :. Such families should - provide tfc*cs*
colds and 30 forth., .,: . . ;. Address Dr. S. B. Hartnrcn. PrcsM*ni
'^The :«c-Go"vernor of tiregon is an-.«r-. of The Ilartman : Sanitarium; Columbus,
dent admirer of - Peruna. He keeps it Ohio. All ; correspondence ; held strictly
continually in the.house..:/ :..:.;;"•: 1 confidential. ;: V • >■ -;V : .;^/:^ v;v.^ : ~..:- ..;•
JUMPS TO KEEP
CLEAR OF SHOT
"•With a man with a pistol dose at his
heels, W. T. Buckley of 1028A Folsom
street frantically hurled himself from
a "second story window at H38 Folsom
street shortly before 8 o'clock last night
and sustained serious injuries. Henry
Sehuur. a saloon-keeper at 1198 Folsom
street. . aimed the weapon and \ at
tempted to kill Buckley, his wife and
William Hilton. Hilton and Mrs Buck
ley escar>ed the liquor dealer's wrath
by climbing half a block over the roofs
of adjoining houses.
The Buckleys had . been living above
Schu&r's' saloon in apartments owned
by the saloon man. Tuesday they
moved, because they allege Schuur re
peatedly refused to repair the roof,
which was le&ky. Last night, with Hil
ton, they went back to the flat to get a
few small things they had overlooked.
"When thev reached the door of the
house they found a vicious dog. which
Schuur had tied there, guarding the
threshold. Their attempt to gain en
trance brought Schuur out. Threaten
ing them, the saloon man demanded
that thev leave the premises
Policeman Annear was summoned
and succeeded in gettlngithem into the
house. While the three were there Mrs.
Buckley spied Schuur bounding up the
stairs with a revolver in his hand.
Brandishing the weapon the irate man
told them to get out. at the same. time
advancing on a run and aiming the pis
tol at Mrs. Buckley, who was nearest.
The woman screamed to her husband
and Hilton to run. She and Hilton got
out of a rear window and after climb
ing over roofs for half a block were
rescued by neighbors. Buckley was not
so fortunate. He saw nothing but im
mediate death for him, and with a
bound burst through the closed win
dow thirty feet to the sidewalk below.
He landed on his head and left knee
and lay unconscious and bleeding upon
the, pavement. Hey was removed to the
Central Emergency Hospital, where
Drs. Pawlicki and Hutchinson found
that he had sustained a fracture of the
left patella and a deep laceration of the
scalp, with a possible fractuA of the
frontal bone. His wife was uninjured,
but was hysterical when she found that
her husband was badly hurt.
Schuur was arrested and booked at
the City Prison for assault with a dead
ly weapon. Buckley is a contractor and
elevator inspector..
POLICE ARREST MANY
ALLEGED WRONGDOERS
Men Suspected of Having Committed
Crimes Arc Taken Into Custody
by Detectives.
A number of suspected thieves were
brought to the Central Police "Station
and olaced behind bars by detectives
and policemen last evening. Detec
tives Graham and Fitzgerald arrested
E. O'Dea on suspicion of having
passed bogus checks for small
amounts in the Mission district and
will hold him pending investigation.
Charles Miller, wanted -for several
minor burglaries, was taken into cus
tody by Detectives O'Dea' and Mul
cahy. and investigation In his case
will also be made.
Herbert Turner, wanted for bur
glary by the" Stockton authorities, was
arrested by Detectives McGrayan
and Davids on Kearny street, and will
be held until an officer arrives to take
charge of him. Charles H. Sherden,
accused of havins stolen a watch,
chain and ring from the room of
Mrs. Fannie Somers. 503 Pacific street,
was also arrested. Frank Hess, who
Is said to have accepted fees from
women who were ; in search . of work
when he had no claim as an employ
ment agent,; was locked up and the
"authorities will look into his case.
VALUABLE GIFT
TO UNIVERSITY
■'■'...•;V. •: :. P:«cl.nl D'.«s*tch to The Call. ' .'.: -;';.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nor 30.
Stanford's magnificent new museum
has been trreatly enriched by the re
ceipt of a valuable collection of an
tiquities from Timothy Hopkins of
Menlo Park, one of the tr'ustees.of the
university. The antiquities are general
In their nature. Including collections
from Egypt, Nubia. South Sea islands,
the ancient missions and various min
erals and geological specimens. The do
nation represents the personal work of
Hopkins for the past ten years, during
which time he has been making a tour
of the world.
The Egyptian exhibits were secured
from Emll Brugach Bey, curator of the
Royal Museum at Glzeh. consisting of
a varied assortment of antiquities,
such as scarabs, representations of the
sacred animals and gods, emblematic
charms, cartouches, bronze figures,
seal ringB, Nubian bottles, water Jugs
and the like. The most interesting ex
hibit Is of five Ushabtl or Responders.
found In the tombs of Abydos and dat
ing back to the nineteenth dynasty.
This collection Is especially valuable
and adds to the already large exhibit
obtained by Mrs. Stanford.
The South Sea island exhibit is made
up of specimens of native workman
ship, such as fans, articles of dress, a
model hut, surf boats and many fine
pieces of tappa cloth. From the old
missions are several pairs of old brass
candlesticks from the old Franciscan
Mission of San Buena Ventura, old
pestles used by the fathers of Santa
Barbara Mission for pulverizing the
frankincense burned In the church,
a box used for generations by the fa
thers for holding "holy oil," specimens
of Mexican and old Spanish pottery
jars, dagger sheaths and other things
of general Interest.
The Indian exhibit consists of com
plete collections of arrowheads and
spearheads and chips, found among
the Sierra Nevada Mountains, stone
mortars, baskets of fern fiber grass
and bark, potlach spoons, hats and a
model of Navaio blanket loom.
These gifts are not the first dona
tions that Mr. Hopkins has given to
Stanford. He has shown great Interest
in the museum, aiding Mrs. Stanford at
every possible opportunity. His Ko
rean collection and a rare exhibit of
Egyptian textiles, togeth&r with many
Greek and Roman coins, were placed
in the museum several years ago.
AJ>VEKXISEMENTS.
rorChristmas f
\\0ne of These P\ •
An excellent Kclf ». blades of best
■teel. handle of pearl, strongly put
together. We've a large aelectioa
of other kinds at popular price*.
A. good Fountain Pen al»o makes
a ulce Christmas present. We carry
the CONKL.IX SELF-FILLJNG
PEX. Feeds freely, does not drip
nor sweat. Easily flll«d: «3.OO up.
VT« also earry th« WATERMAN*
IDEAL, FOUNTAIN PEN, «2.5O
up.
pxjia; leatbxb ooods
. PKGQY BAGS, in all styllih
leathers and colors. 25e to $«W>O.
Card Cases and Wallets, as U»w
as 60c.
Shopping Baga. In all plain, fancy
and novel leathers. 25c up.
Christmas Cards In great ra-
riety. Prices from 5c u>.
Mail orders promptly filled.
That Alan Pitts.
F V PITTS. The SUtloner.
X0C8 MARKET ST., Opp. Fifth.
San Francisco. £
34
BELIEVE
WEBER IS
WEAKENING
Auburn Authorities Are of
the Opinion That He Will
Break Down and Tell Story
of the Terrible Crime
piSOXER APPEARS
FOR ARRAIGNMENT
1$ Given Until Xext Monday
to Enter Plea to Informa
tion Accusing Him of the
Murder of His Mother
Special Dtoatrh to The Call.
AUBURN. Nov. 30. — It was rumor
ed late to-night tliat Adolph Weber
had confessed to the authorities that
he had murdered his father, mother,
sister and brother. Under Sl^riff May
denies the story and It I* given but
little credence by those who are work-
Ing on the case. May says, however,
that he believes It will not be nr.iuy
dsys before the prisoner freaks down
and tells the story of the terrible
crime.
Weber uraa arraigned in the Superior
Court to-day on the specific charge ol
having murdered his mother.
Judge Prewett noticed that the in
formation named the defendant as
A<3o!ph Julius Weber and said that
If the prisoner made no statement to
the contrary he would be tried under
that name. Weber acknowledged it
to be his true name.
Ben P. Tabor, counsel for the de
fendant, is absent from the. city and
S. J. Pullen requested the court to
postpone further proceedings until
next Monday.
Judge Pfewett then announced that
next Monday at 10 a. m. would be
fixed as* the time for Weber to plead.
District Attorney Robinson then
addressed the court, saying that he
desired George W. Hamilton to assist
him at the trial and asked that Ham
ilton's name be entered as one of the
prosecuting* attorneys.
The court made the desired order.
Hamilton is the son of the late Gen
eral Jo Hamilton, who was one of tire
best known criminal attorneys in the
State and is considered very bright,
especially in- criminal cases. The se
lection of Hamilton ends the rumor
that L. L. Chamberlain, a prominent
Auburn attorney, would 'be employed
to assist the District Attorney.
Weber appeared more flushed and
feverish to-day than he did when first
arrested and no longer assumes a cool,
nonchalant manner. His Confinement
Is evidently beginning to tell on him
and his expression is more thoughtful
and worried. He still maintains, when
questioned by the officers, that he
cares, little about the robbery charge.
"The murder charge is the only one
worrying: me,"' is his frequent remark.
To the . query of an officer this
evening as to whether he ever thought
seriously of the matter he replied:
"You people seem to think because
I am not crying that I have not done
any thinking. Well, I have j done a
great deal, and I have planned out
my future as far as It Is possible for
me to do so. When I get out of this
I Intend to cast my fortunes else
where. I believe In controlling one's"
will power so that he may compel
himself to think of those things which
seem brightest to him."
The Grand Jury took up the other
murder charges to-day and examined
the following witnesses: Dr. Rooney,
Mrs. Pnowden, May Clark, A. D. Fel
lows. Clarence Gear, Ben Dependener,
John Monaghan and Chris Henny.
About four years ago a Chinese was
found murdered Just over the hill
from the Weber place. His head was
nearly cut off. The evident motive of
the crime wa« robbery. No particular
suspicion attached to any one at the
time, but during the last few days
some persons have revived the story
and profess to think Weber may have
killed the Chinese. As Weber was
only about 16 yeara old at the time
the theory does not find many sup
porters In this community, although
«ome think that if Weber murdered
his own family he was . capable of
committing the deed of four years
ago.
ASHLAND. Or.. Nov. 30.— A young
lady of this city 'has been sending
flowers and letters to Adolph Weber,
the young man who is being held in
Jail at Auburn, Cal.. charged with
murdering his father, mother., sister
and little brother. The accidental
breaking open of an express package
at the depot yesterd y, directed to
Weber, disclosed the photograph of a
girl, a bouquet of flowers and a letter.
Instructions to address answer to
"Weber," care cf (here the girl's true
name followed) were in the package.
6COTTS EMULSION'. -;
NO SUBSTITUTE
has yet been found for cod
liver. oiL There are so-called
extracts, wines and cordials of
cod liver oil that are said to
contain the active principles
but not the oil itself. This is
absurd on its face. You might
as well" extract the active prin- .
ciples of wheat and make
bread with them. The best
form of cod liver oil, that can
be digesteel and assimilated
most easily, is Scott's Emul-
s.on.
•OOTT * BOWX E. 4., rear! Sm»t, Kvv Yac»
JUROR GUILTY
OF MISCONDUCT
Drinks With Attorneys De
fending a Man on Whose
Guilt He Is to Pass
SENSATION IX COUNT
Judge Sternly Rebukes Jhe
Offender and Promptly
Orders Discharge of Jury
Special Dispatch to The Ci!L
SAN JOSE. Nov. 30.— Charges of ;
misconduct of Juror Ix>ois Cavallaro l
with the attorneys for the defense and
the subsequent dismissal of the Jury in
the Nolberto Coronado murder case
created a eer.satl.in to-day in Judge
Tuttle's court. The case had been on
trial for the past ten days and Nolberto
was on the stand in his own behalf.
When the case was called this morn
ln«r District Attorney Carapbell pre
sented an affidavit made by C. Olsen.
alleging improper conduct on the part
of Cavallaro and which also referred
indirectly to Attorneys W. A. Bowden
and Bertram A. Herrington. Campbell
then made a motion that the court dis
charge the, jury. :» •'!:;::>':;'
The affidavits of Olscn' recited a
number of instances where Cavallaro
and an attorney for the defense drank
together in the Parlor saloon, and it is
also set forth that another juror was
present at some of the . gatherings.
O!sen on another occasion had hea'rd
one of the attorneys for the defense
say to Cavallaro, ."You urderstand,
don't you?" : : ;
District Attorney Campbrll stated to
the court that the acts of the juror
were suspicious, and he believed that
.experience had fully proven that it is
a semi-miracle, and practically 'un
known, that a juror should consort
with either side .of a cause during a
trial and join ' with his fellows, in a
verdict for the adverse side at the* end
of it. On the contrary, the District At.
torney continued, a Juror gnerally votes
as he drinks, with -his friends. •
JURY IS DISMISSED. ' \j
Attorneys Bowden and Herrington
did not reply to the statement, of the
District Attorney. They asked for cop
ies of the affidavit.
Judge Tuttle stated that he was' not
prepared to pass on the matter at once,
but would look into it, and he ad
journed court until 1 o'clock this after
noon. .
Attorneys Bowden and Herrington
presented affidavits this^afternoon de
nying that anything .vrong had oc
curred" In their relations with Juror
Cavallaro. An affidavit was also pre
sented by Cavallaro making the same
denials and stated that he. had only
met the attorneys In a social way, as
he had been in the habit of doing for
years, and that at no time had he and
the attorneys for the defense discussed
the Coronado case. I ■
Judge' Tuttle then took up the motion
for a dismissal. He said that he was
surprised that attorneys .should so far
forget themselves and the Bpirit of
their oath of office and conduct them
selves In a manner that must of neces
sity arouse suspicion. But for % a juror
to act In such a manner was an insult
to tbe court after the admonitions
given and a menace to the measure of
usefulness of. a Juror. "For a long
time," continued Judge Tuttle, "I may
say for years, rumors have been float-
Ing about this community that Jurors
have been tampered with and the
course of justice in our courts thereby
defiled. The familiarity of certain at
torneys of this with jurors
in the way of treating to cigars, drinks
and even to dinners, as well as holding
apparently confidential conversations
while causes were in actual trial, have
been pointed to and commented upon
until the Jury system, : s it exists in this
county, is becoming a byword and re
proach to Justice and common honesty.
It Is high time that radical steps be
taken that this system, so powerful for
good when unsullied, may not' become
In this community a stench in the nos
trils of its people and a damnable
farce."
JUDGE SCORES ATTORNEY.
Judge Tuttle then asked Coronado If
he would consent to a dismissal of the
jury- Coronado said he would not;
that he had been in Jail three years
and wanted to be tried by the jury se-
lected.
The court then made an order that
the Jury? be dismissed without verdict.
An exception to the order was taken by
the attorneys for the defense.
Attorneys Bowden and Herrington
stated thla afternoon that Coronado
could not be tried again, as he had
once been In Jeopardy. They declare
that Judge Carroll Cook of San Fran
cisco refused to dismiss the Jury in the
Botkin case when charges were made
against it for the reason that It would
mean the dismissal of the defendant.
They propose to at on-e take steps to
secure Coronado's release, and unless
It Is granted by the courts here the
matter will be taken to the Supreme
Court.
Coronado Is charged with the murder
Coronado Is charged with the murder
of Frank Narona at Guadalupe In 1901.
This was his* third trial. The first one
resulted In a. disagreement and at the
second he received a life sentence, but
the Supreme Court . set the verdict
aside because the complaint failed to
state that Coronado had killed a hu
man being.
BEAUTIES OP THE PARK
PLEASING TO PREMIER
Sir Wilfrid and Lady Laurier of
Canada and their- party spent the
greater part of yesterday forenoon in
viewing the beauties of Golden Gate
Park, in which they showed a deep in
terest. At noon they went to the
ocean beach, where they lunched at
the Cliff House and watched the bel
lowing seals as they lazily climbed
about their rocky domain
In the afternoon the distinguished
party departed. for Del Monte, where
the Canadian Premier will: spend at
least two weeks. From there he -will
go to Southern California with. the ex
pectation of enjoying .another two
weeks in and about Los Angeles. It
was stated yesterday by the secretary
of the Premier. that the latter already
•feels the invigorating influence ., of
the California climate and looks ■ for
ward to a pleasant vacation within the
boundaries of the Golden State.
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL', THURSDAY. DECEMBER 1, .1904.
HEARTY PRAISE FOR THE
CALL'S ROSE PLANT PLAN
0 tit door Art League Says Idea Vk ill
Waken Love of Beautiful.
1 he Calls plan of furnishing its subscribers with
rose plants has met with enthusiastic approval -on all
sides. Letters from many lovers of the beautiful but of
doors have been received^ commencing the idea. Flori
culturists and . florists, experts, who recognize in the list
offered some of the rarest and most beautiful species of
the rose, have sent testimonials of admiration. The
owners of .the "little front gardens" are pleased' at. the
chance to make them beautiful at small cost.; Here :are
some letters showing • what lovers of flowers think of
MORE TROUBLE
FOR BLACKBURN
Head Watchman of Chinese
Bureau Strikes a Guard
While Latter Is on Duty
BRAWL OX 3IAIL DOCK
J. -.Quintan, Whose Jaw Stops
Blow, Will Prefer Charges
Against Superior Officer
Mason S. Blackburn, head watchman
of the Chinese Bureau at this port, ad
dressed - one of his subordinates as a
"; .liar" . yesterday afternoon and
then tried to -knock him out by smiting
him. on the jaw. As a result Guard J.
Quinlan, at whom the epithet was
hurjed and w*hose jaw stoped the blow,
will prefer charges against his superior
officer. The encounter took place at one
of the gangways leading from the liner
Korea to the Pacific Mall wharf, and if
a few Chinese did not escape while their
custodians brawled, it was not because
the Chinese Bureau's hired eyes were
upon them.
During the last stay In port of the
liner. Coptic Chinese Bureau Guard A.
L, DJlley, . so the story goes, found his
brother watchman, Guard Quinlan,
colled up in an out-of-the-way corner
of the Coptic sound asleep. Dllley, too
busy watching Chinese to arouse Quin
lan, Is said to have conducted Black
burn to where Quinlan lay asleep.
Blackburn reported Quinlan for sleep-
Ing at his post and the guard received
a reprimand. Since then relations be
tween Quinlan and Dilley have been
strained. Dilley, It is said, denied to
Quinlan all responsibility for bringing
Blackburn- to the scene of Quinlan's
stolen siesta and arranged yesterday
to repeat the denial In the presence of
Blackburn.
Quinlan was on duty at one of the
Korea's gank planks. Dilley and Black
burn joined him at his post. What fol
low'ed Is told by bystanders, among
whom were dock clerks, customs offi
cers and. guards -of the Chinese Bureau.
A few words, audible only to the "trio,
*ere spoken. Blackburn.- stepped
toward Quinlan. called him a liar and
struck him a heavy blow on the Jaw.
.. "He's an old man, don't hit .him,"
counseled the men, who grabbed Quin
lan. Blackburn retired in disorder and
the work of keeping uninvited Chinese
out of (the country was resumed.
BUTCHER FINDS
BURIED COIN
Uncovers Nearly $10Q0 - in
Gold in a Corral in Bear
of His Slaughter-House
REDDING, Nov. 30.— William Men
zel, a butcher of this city, found rich
diggings in the yard of his slaughter
house, three miles from Redding, on
Monday. He raked up $1000 In coin, the
most of which was in gold. All of the
money was coined "more than thirty
years ago. It is believed that In early
days some miner cached the treasure
and died without revealing his secret.
In course of. time, the slaughter-house
was built on the ground and the cache
was Inclosed In the corral. The hogs
then, 'according to this theory, rooted
up the buried treasure at some time
when their rich find was unobserved
and scattered the coins over Ihe small
space of ground under an average
depth of four inches of dirt. The re
cent rains uncovered $30 In gold coins.
When they were found' it was believed
that the money had been dropped by
two marauders who had been shot at
the previous night by a slaughter-house
employe. But on Sunday Menzel found
a $20 piece sticking edgewise in the
ground. It, like the other coins found,
was of old mintage. That" fact set the
butcher to thinking. Monday morning
he' went to the corral bright and early
armed with a rake. At the first haul
of the rake a number of $20 pieces were
uncovered. Within a few hours the
lucky butcher had secured $1000. Among
the coins are six two and a half dollar
pieces and ?6 50 In *;lver that was so
badly tarnished that it was hardly rec
ognizable.
MAY SPEND SUBSTANCE
' ON WICKED MACHINES
Reckless Nickel-in-the-Slot Gamblers
of Palo Alto Win Victory in
Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court yesterday de
livered a telling blow to the reform
movement in Palo Alto. The slot
machine business . may henceforth
flourish in the pretty college town.
An expensive campaign started for
the purpose of eradicating the gam
bling evil has come to naught. The
State's highest tribunal has decreed,
nevertheless, that the reformers need
not be compelled themselves to send
stray nickels after more
Joseph Frltts charged one Levin
with operating a machjne in which
one might "place a nickel, turn a
crank and secure. a chance of getting
a much larger sum of money from said
machine." Justice of the Peace
Charles refused to issue a warrant and
the complainant asked for a writ of
mandate. The Supreme Court says:
"In this case there is nothing to
show that operating the machine in
which a person by placing a nickel
therein 'pecures a chance of getting
a much larger sum of money from
said maehine upon turning said
crank' injured plaintiff in any manner
different from the general public. He
is not compelled to_put a nickel In
the machine and turn a crank, but if
he should do so, according to the
complaint, he 'secures a chance of
getting a much larger sum of money
from the machine.' "
Neither complaint, answer or de
cision explains what sort of a machine
It Is that gives a player a chance to
make. so big. a sum of money.
The people- who don't amount to
much generally ! let you* know it
JURY NOT ABLE
TO FIX BLAME
Doctors Questioned About
Finding of a Sponge in
the Wound of a Patient
SURGEONS 3IYSTIFIED
Verdict That Ah Sing Died
Because of Foreign Sub
stance Poisoning System
Several doctors were among the wit
nesses called before the Coroner's jury
in the; case of Ah Slcs. a Chinese shoe
maker, who died on November 13 in the
Oty and County Hospital of septic
peritonitis, caused by the presence of a
piece of Bponge left in the abdominal
cavity of the unfortunate Chinese by
some one of the physicians who operat
ed on him on two occasions.
Ah Sing was suffering from dropsy
and cirrhosis of the liver, and acting
under the advice of friends he went to
the City and County Hospital for treat
ment. There Dr. W. C. Praett "tapped"
his abdomen with a trochax, but in
advertently cut a large artery In doing
so/ In order to prevent the patient
from bleeding to death an incision was
made in the abdomen and the artery
was tied. Several days later it was de
cided to perform an operation for
cirrhosis of the liver. This was per
formed by Dr. A. W. Morton, assisted
by Dr. F. R. Hart, In the presence of
students, to whom Dr. Morton at the
time delivered J a discourse as to the .
proper manner of using the gauxe
sponge.
After death Ah Sing's body had been
taken to the Morgue. Dr. Curry per
formed an autopsy and found a piece
of gauze almost the size of a man';*
hand lying against the right kidney In
the location of the second operation, th«
first by . Dr. Pruett having been per
formed on the left side of the abdomen.
Dr. Morton denied on the witness
stand yesterday that he had left any
gauze in the body of the patient be
fore sewing up the Incision and sug
gested that the sponge might have
floated over from the left side.
Dr. Pruett, the students who wit
nessed and the nurses who assisted at
the operation testified that they had
not seen any gauze left in the wound
at either operation. It was in such a
position as to render the theory im
possible that It could have been swal-
lowed by the patient.
The Jury returned a verdict that Ah
Sing's death had been caused by peri
tonitis "on account of presence of
gauze in the abdominal cavity found
after death. It is impossible to de
termine whether the gauze was used at
the first or second operation."
FIVE DAYS IX JAIL FOR
VIOLATING AN INJUNCTION
3Ieraber of Cooks* Union Ordered Into
Custody by Judge. Hebbard
Acted as Picket. '*
Disregard of- the court's injunction
has brought a penalty of five days in
jailfor H. A. Hoburg of the Cooks'
Union. His arrest was ordered yes
terday by Judge Hebbard at the in
stance of S. Constaritini, proprietor of
the Maison Tortonl, who had obtained
an Injunction against the boycotting
tactics of the Cooks' and Waiters'
Union. Hoburg was examined and ad
mitted that he had continued at his
post as picket for a day after receiv
ing the court's order to quit. Attor
ney Devoto, representing the union,
announced that he would move that
the injunction be aet aside because it
was "improvldently granted." He
said that the Tortonl was a notorious
resort and therefore Its proprietors
did not come into a court of equity
with clean hands.
Judge Hebbard also heard the order
to show cause why a member of the
union should not be punished for
violating a like injunction granted for
H. Pundt, proprietor of the Poppy
cafe. It could not be shown that the
order had been served and It was dis
charged.
A Warning
One of nature's warnings that the
Stomach, Liver and Bowels are weak
and out of order is — inability to sleep.
The system is so clogged with im-
purities that the nerves are affected
and sleep is impossible. Better try
HU Hostetter's
|j|| ( Stomach
y^pliiib^N, Bitters
/ rM *"*^i before it is too
fQ| STOMACH late and sicknes3
■|Sy(3BXUTElJ5">> comes upon you.
fSgfs^&iii ch?fi®, p c l o a ds
v!mW?M0& an ' 1 Malarla -
SMBgp£t&S3Sg^g We hope yon'll
try a bottle at
once. \
. —^— I.
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky?
And that Js to let It alone. /. If you try
any other way it will get the best of
you. If you can't let it alone you need
Dr. McKanna's treatment. • Dr. McKan-
na cures the liquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and , putting the
system in its natural condition. wh»re
liquor is not needed to help the machin-
ery of the body to do Its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure In three
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatmeni
is absolutely safe and cannot harm the
most delicate constitution. Why waste
time and money in drinking whisky
when you can be cured of the liquor
habit in three days with no char.ee of
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think It over and call or ; write Dr Mc-
Kanna for full information. Address 14
Geary street, San Francisco. CaL Phono
1037 Mala.SAN DIEGO MAY
GET A DRYDOCK
Assistant Secretary- of the
XaVi; .Darling Makes an
'.lii^peclion. of the. Harbor
. "•, • -:•■: ::— • •-.
STUDIES: THE LOCALITY
It : lk: Jklmvecf That;- He Is
: Lookuig for • a • Site • for
..• Another Xayal Repair Yard
••. SAN -.DIEGO. Nov. 30.— Assistant
.'Secretary of the- Xav'y C. H. . Darling
made a trip over Sari; Diego harbor
• to-day,- the inspection". lasting several
. hours.. "•" He was accompanied by a
.-.committee of the Chamber ".of Com 1
. rnerbe, whose gu&st he' is while here.
' Particular attention was given' to' the
quarantine staUon' and .its ■ location.
T*-e party climbed POiht Loina, -the
long' hill." yCfiich encirl.es- the "bay" on'
•the "ocean side, whence. :the harbor's
•defenses cou-ld be' observed;-]" Although-
Secretary. ;.Da'rling " did • .riot- express
•himself .on the iutfrject. ' it-Is said "he
' is contemplating, the possibility" of '.the..
harbor '"-is a site- f or a haya'l- drydock..
..This; "afternoon- the "party. 'drove over
: [the city;arid"<o*hig-ht- attended the. the-'
ater;. " Darlchg: ..returns." : narth- io--morr- ;
.'•row":rh6rn-}nc.: '".'.■'■''■/"■' •'■'■.- ■•'.'■ '■' '".-'.-• ■ -.- ; " : ■ '■■
jiis;SAcKn:L of cpxp c '. .'-. :>':v ? ."■.,.':
-• ' 'EXCITES THEIIli SUSPICnCOX
Manager:; Hobart ; o<; .Sprii^gv A*alle?j\ 1
;'.:•• Gpijfipany \-^Mistaken 'Xor-Bank'Os.:: ■
\ •.. '.-..- Man /i»>: ;Eitstern'-Vislu>r3;' : ; •. : 7
. AV^ ys':. '■:■ 'Hobart, \ /rianager -." of . .: the. "
Spring .Valiey;. Water •C^omp^Lri.y/s'ship.--.
xnngf r.depitf^'ent^lA^Jy'ciis^^en o;n
i^entiem^un.- if ter . jtwerity-f our ;• bb'uVs of [
.the ■-'chuckI'e.';.ih; : 'Wh'U:b;. hrs^. frfendsVare
. ! irjd'ol^irtg;.: ;^ ..\cd-'-,.I?-U;."vexp«rise. : .."' : .''; 1T«e'sday;
vas, tpllectioft day arid with sometjiing '
the .bank,-,
' took ) J?e: car .at thes't err^y, .:-: ■]■[ i'} ;:;•/> : _- ;'\
£^Ux$^:\j&ijt;£wnM an ; elderly * couple,' ; .
;;.st : rarigefR;; in .the \ city zHJ^A .'.eWdentiy
"l from' -the ;-vEast, >. "^The 'elderly •"stranger •
. ■h^d ;.seafihsd .his pocketA in .vain : for :
: ; ;8maH.7 change" .Ayitbi . .which ;-;to- pay.: his .'."
: :vaj.:.\f.air& V:.: -. • : -:%£:' ':■'■'.•. \' : '-'. )',' ; .-.:•?-• :;"^'-": i
S"^^ l^ l^'^rit^/?^l'yf^^y^'f^^'r.fW & ,
\dpi?tor/' ;h;e. said, offering .; the ?uii.Iform-' ;
■.;e&«-qO^c;t6r a i-50 .b.I.li;-^"-.; •• *■!:■[•}.% ?_.: I
:'.'..-^::^air "anybody^ change' thrs?!' -aslced '■
:thp.*co.n.duttbr^ addressing the .passen-.
-. ipgrs;.jit;j2Lrigev y. \f\ : . .";•■ ' V. ~ : -\ ■;■ :■'. -. ; .' ■•.".'.." ":
j"yc^it<ei»^(Hb"ti*^-:pTlxe Spring VaJi;
;■: If y : : . Jiyk.nag'e'r.'.-'puljed , from Ills pocket
th^vbag-'of gold', and was cbunting jout
the.chiLnse when t^e wife of the owner!
•of ; .the. -big. "bjir. grabbed her hiis.band's j
.krm arid '-.screamed: ; ;•'■;;,'.• .•'•.■• •"•.'. •:'■•*
; ; V:tpott"3t l^r;h}m;db : it.- . : Hold/t.he :b?ll '
t.tgfrt.'] : 'T)xe;Tnorie3' can't be eood^He's
goi;: a ;w ; tioJe bag- ;full/'. . : .... ':. . ■ " . ■ ■ ■'.-''. - : ; . .;
- -• .^Hobart; ■ started, to • .expostulate, but.
JRtqpiied" and. put away his :gold. when
•b^..hea'.rii "the" old lady whisper; loudly: 1
":.."'He's;-a -smooth one. : Don't listen
:i"& him::: We were warned, you- know.", t
RISK HIS LIFE TO
SAVE HIS BROTHER
Two Voting. Men Fall : Under Uie
; Wheels ot a Sli^slon-Strect
v--:- .:/;•..■ .tyolley "Car..;.' /; .-■■:'/ v:
With .the.; intention, of.- saving;: his
crippled; brother, .George W. Thraine,'
C. . E. . Thraine Jumped.' in front of a
Mission-.street .-trolley . car 'yesterday
morning at the crossing : of ■ Eighth -and
Mission, streets. ■ ;. ; • "'■.••..:■.•.-. :
• Both • brothers were .crossing' -the
street when ; an - : eastbotrnid .car. .cairie
dashing a-lohe... ' George.,-. who Is'a. crip-,
pie, could hot move, fast enough .to -get
out of the way." " Hisi brother.lnpticed
his danger arid attempted -to-'gO: to: his
rescue, only to be caught •to/y'thV.fehr
der of the", car and knocked -in .front
of the wheels^ .•'•..• ; : - '..•■■■•■;'.■•'.■.
Motorman W. ; Gray. r^appHed "'.he.
brakes, but as the rails • were wet if ram'
rain the -car slid -along the -trick', 'se
verely crushing the j two .youtig men.
The accident was witnessedby Police
man Thomas : Atkinsoh, whQat the re
quest of. the- injured men had ?hem
conveyed to their, residence instead of
pending them to fhe Emergency Hos
pital. . • .
WEEKLY EXCURSIONS TO SANTA
CRUZ.
$3.00 Round Trip. Saturday to Mon
day.
Th« above low rate affords a eplendJd chance
tr> vielt one of California's rreatest winter
reaorts. Pleasure i* V-inp at Santa Cruz and
ix>clal clubs and other organizations will find
It an ideal place at which to ppend the end
of th* we*k. Military band concert* Saturdays
ana Hundays on the beach, mammoth ra*lno,
pleasure pier, boaUrjr. fishing, surf bathing,
also hot salt water and plunge bath*. Beau
tiful <Jr!v«s along: th«> beach or among the trees
and flowers, and a delightful climate. Funsh'ny
■ nd warm. Tickets on sale Saturdays at
Third anrl Townwnd streets depot. 513 Market
street and at ferry landing, foot of Market
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
YOUR FORTUNE
Lies not in your stars, but in yourself,
and not the least important Is your per-
sonal appearance.
Improve it by every means possible—
chiefest of which Is your laundry work
from our hands, which means laundry
perfection.
ICo saw edges.
IHED STATES LAUNDRY
n 1004 MAH.3OCT STREET.
Telephone South <20.
PLIGHT THEIR TROTH
AT ST. PAUL'S.
Grafiam-Smtt Nuptials A r e Cefebrated
POPULAR. TO t'NG MEMBERS OF OLD CALIFORNIA FAMILIES WHO' WERE
•,: MARR.IEn VES.TERDAY/ AT- ST...PAU.L : S' -CHURCH.' THE BRIDE .WAS MISS
' . GENEVIEVE -LAV1XIA SMITH. '• ' : •• '. \ ' " ;■>-.'*.
; The wedding of Miss Genevieve LA
vjnia Smith and-. Robert JacksonVGra
• ham -w-asV; solemnized "last evening- in
'St. Paul's Episcopal Cfhurch f .;Rev.; .W".
i Maxwell ' Reilly' ofllcia'tirig'; : '. ;" ■■ ': -.' • ''.
' The;' ceremony, •■ which [.'■ was. : wit*
hessed,. by a lirge "number : Qf- .friends,
took place- at S:3p..p'..m;;. at -which
hour the apf poach :of .the-'.b"rida;i .party
was •.'heralded ■ -by ; the. .-■'Lbhengrih"'
\S-e^ding march--. : The:.bride t '. .upon- the
r.ai> was at;tended^6niy-. by'-.M is* ftrithe-'
: Sage', ;th'e ' little hiece:-'of .'the^groom;, .
i. -Le.wte- Sage.' serv'ln'g -as •best- man. with:
j O'eprge //Davis." and.. Cfebrge ,":-Smithson
|'M^^H^^'ir^!^e'^i : i^l^^wnv^ai a
i ; 'pretiy ••^creation; ' ■ot -... white: . -"crepe- ; ; de'
j '.chine: and \ point'!.lace: iappl.i.que- over : .a-.
j slip pf. iyorj- silk, . bride roses, holding
j the • ; .veil;, iri place.'. The. Ut^e''^fed
|;tot/^a«'id^ritilyT^x^ediiii; mousse
line:;-:de soie^ and- •Vai6ncre',nn-es:-' ■• : . •'• .
ilEALTII BOARD- WOUIiD : V . ■-.■ "
. . - ' UPBUILD . LABORATORIES
Condemns. Ccllarn -In" Chlnntoun ..and
. ' •• .Orders"- Premises- In ,Spiith 'San . •
',"'. ; .". Francisco Vacated.' ; •.•• = ."'
- ' The Board "• of- . Health " ; yesterday
adopted .a j resolution, requesting' Pro
fessor Rising of the University. of Cal
ifornia and Professor. Stillman .of
Stanford .University to meet! and con
fer wiht the Health Board and to of
fer their suggestions relative • to the
upbuilding of the laboratories con
nected with the health department,
the object being the attainment of
purity in the various food products.
The board adopted the official des
ignations of the various employes In
the bacteriological, chemical and pure
food laboratories : and ordered the
same transmitted to the Civil Service
Commission. • Bffjm
The board ordered cellars at from
701 to 719V4 Pacific street, 1023 to
1031 Dupont street, 809 to 8" "lay
street, 46 to 50 Waverly place, 701
to 707 Dupont street, 804 to 810 Sac
ramento street and 2 to 8 Waverly
place condemned as unsanitary.
Premises at 140 S street south and
2223 Eighteenth avenue south were,
ordered to be vacated within the next
thirty days, they having been - con
demned as a nuisance.
The petition of the Good Samaritan
Hospital for a permit to establish a
hospital was referred to Dr. Harney,
who was arrested Tuesday for failing
to secure a permit for his own pri
vate hospital, the purpose being to
test the ordinance.
Brothers -Have Narrow Escape
George W. Thrane, a 'cripple, and
his brother. C. R. Thrane, who live
at 1207'^ Mission street, were, cross
ing Eighth street at Mission . shortly
before 8 o'clock yesterday morning
when 'George slipped and' fell on the
car -track. His brother stooped, to
pick him up as car 1012 was aproach
ing, but before he could get him out
of the way the car struck both broth
ers. Fortunately the ■ motorman . had
checked the* speed of the car. George
was bruised on . the left cheek -and
ankle and his' brother on: the back and
hips. They refused to go to the' Cen
tral Emergency Hospital, and Cor
poral T. A. Atchison, who happened
to be on the car, conveyed . them ; to
their home.
SANCHEZ PLEADS.— Juan Sanchez, in
dicted for stealing a quantity of Jewelry: from
Captain Thomas A. I»earce and Captain.Oven
shir.e of the Presidio, pleaded not gulltyyes
terday in the United States ' District - Court.
Hl» trial «a> act for January 2.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1. 190-1.
The new home of Mr. and Mrs. Gra
ham at Van Xess avenue' and Vallejo
street being • in. readlriess.-a reception
•was held- there immediately-after, the
ceremony.: Mrs. X. -E. .. Smith,-- the
bride's mother, preceding, the." guests.
. to open . the house ' arid bid them' wel-.
'comey . Roses, ferns,' holly. and palms'
adorjied' the rooms' and hails, adding
a -.beautiful- aspect: to. all the fresh, sur-;
r roun'di rigs.- •••■.'•• ••'. - : ■:* '••'..•.''.•;;';.;':■• ;*
'..'.Sf tiny gifts', from : friends of .the' two
familiels,- whi'e'h-.are' % 6f old stariding : 'in
■this State, >-e.re^in" evidence, and Mr.
Gra\ham/ -vvho.is' a.-mem'berof the Csii
iforn|a.;HeaYy Artillery,, was."weir.re
■menibe'red by.- his fellow soldierp,"; haw'
iri^g ' a.- conrmendabie. record- in the Phil-,
-ip'plnes'/fy.v' :; '• .-•;.' '.;■"" V/ .. ". \ ■ . \\ ;■■
;\ A tour:.. of., the ; State ; has. teen
■planned, for.- the" : wedding • trip' and
upbn their" 'return Mr.- and Mrs..<3ra-'
: hanTf.' wlil receive'.. iri • the' new home.- •
ART. SCHOOL DIRECTORS
..-.•. •"•■..■' DISCLAIM JURISDICTION
Maintain That as. De Rome Hazing
;•/. Occurred Outside School They
• .•".-, Can" Take Xo "Action.- . .'
-The board of . directors of the" San
Francisco. Art Association met last
night to take action on the report of
the school committee in reference to
the hazing of Albert T. de Rome, a
Mark Hopkins art student. The di
rectors formally decided that as the
hazing occurred outside the jurisdic
tion of the art school they could take
no action in the matter.
The hazing occurred several days
ago at 611 Clay street in the studio
of one of the members of the life
class, into which De Rome was being
initiated. The boys were charged
with using an electric battery, from :
the effects of which De Rome was !
partially paralyzed and went under !
the doctor's care.
The members of the board present
at last night's deliberation were Wil
lis E. Davis, chairman; Lorenzo P.
Latimer, Henry Heyman, • George W.
Turner, William G. Warren
•D. Clark and Robert H. Fletcher.
Their report Is as follows:
The board of directors of the San Francisco
Art Association, while deeply regretting that
any member of the California School of De
elgn. should have received such treatment as
It is reported was sustained by Albert T. de
Rome at the hands of Borne of his fellow stu
dents, finds that the affair occurred outside of
and remote from the school and without the
knowledge of any of Its officers.
This being the case, the board after due
deliberation does not feel that It Is required
or has the authority, to Investigate this inci.
dent, since the acts of Individual students out
side of the school are not within its Juris
diction.
As a consequence the board, while deploring
the fact that the name of the school has been'
brought Into undesirable and. it Is believed
Ti , li K , und '?«7 v <^ notoriety. Is of the opinion
that it Is not In the position to take any action
In the matter.
Shoe Sale Starts.
The doors will open and everybody
who attends this shoe sale will . get a
bargain. Pick out your own shoes from
the bargain. tables. All shoes marked in
plain figures. Our $3.50 shoes go at
$1.86 to-day at 717 Market St.. nr. Third •
HORSES IN A. SMASH-UP. —Angelo Deven
chencl and Lorenzo Cortell, scavengers- em
ployed by A. Flgonl, 610 Green street, were
collecting refuse In Chinatown aDout 10 o'clock
yesterday morning. > Devenchencl was driving
the . wagon and Cortell walking. At Sacra
mento street and - Waverley place one ' of the
horses stumbled and pylled Devenchencl oft
his seat. The animals bolted down Sacramento
street and collided vrlth , the ' pawnshop .of
Bambel Raphael, 602 Xearny street.) The plate
glass window was smashed Into fragments and
the. Jewelry and .other articles : on - exhibition
were scattered - here ' and • there. . One of the
animals was- Injured and V was', taken to a
veterinary hosDitaJ In an ambulance.
MEET TO HONOR
PATRON SAINT
The St. Andrew's Society of
This City Enjoys Banquet
. and Oratory and ' Song
MANY LADIES PRESENT
Families of Members and
Their Friends Welcome
Guests at the Celebration
In honor of St. Andrew's day the
members of the society that bears his
name and keeps his faith assembled
with their families and friends at the
Palace Hotel last evening. After an
excellent dinner, prepared to please the
fancy of the truest Scot, had been dis
cussed, the gathering, feasted of elo
quence and music and then danced to
the piper's drone and again to the
strains of an orchestra, hidden by -a
bunTc of greens.
The'occasion was picturesque. In fhe
hall where, as a rule, men In the som
ber garb <of evening sit in. unbroken,
monotonous rows, there was a welcome
rolief of color last evening. All the
ladies were in evening dress and, in
deference "to them, the cigars were
gently puffed and a clear and whole
some atmosphere- told that a restrain
ing influence was there. Red arid yel
low shaded, candelebra added the only
color to. the table decorations, but they
were sufficient and did not permit the
throning of any- flower where the thistle
should have ; Been. • . .
Y. C. Ivawson, president of the -St.
.Andrew's-. Society," acted as toastmaster
and to his call eloquent stories of Scot-)
land and of California were told. First
the president called for a toast to the
•President 'of ithe United States a.nd,
while they held aloft their glasses, the
dlnersf sang' "The Star-Spangled Ban
ner," thenr -drank -;to the chief executive
.of. the nation.- • • • . • .
"1. wlll.'.now cal.l upon Mr. James D.
Phelan to" respond to the toast/ 'Cali
fornia, the Land of Adoption,' "
said President. La wson. "This is the
land of our choice- that hasTeceived us
with-, open -arms, and -that has offered
•us glorious opportunities which, I am
glad to say; most of us have taken ad
vantage, of: 1 ' . ;:T^V^-\ J
. CALIFORNIA IX IHSTORY. -:.;
Mr. Phelan said that when California
was" mentioned no- man could keep
silent. He said that in. his opinion
there is no -equaT territory in the -whole,
world that is. so productive as Cali
fornia. Remote as- is the State it has
played a remarkable, part in the his
tory .of the "United Stat?B and- its In
fluence had been recorded in the politi
cal.' and commercial history of the
whole world
.• "But," he continued, "what always
holds the most attention Is the roman
tic charm that attaches . to \ the- State.
This charm comes with its climate, and
here man can enjoy more .days of every
year that he may work in comfort than
in anv other land, and In consequence
enjoys- a greater . return than" all- the
civilizations of. the Old World can con
fer." " • •"•.• ...•-'■.:•.■•■.■•.
In. conclusion Mr. Phelan said that he
wanted- 'to .thank .the Scotch people .of
this city for what -they had done to con
tribute to its progress and 'prosperity,
but. "they, had .been repaid,, he- ;added,"
because their endeavors, were in this
land, which is. the first on the earth in
"everything '.that makes -life, worth the
living. : - \. '■ , ' ' '' : ' }■■■■■ ':■. . .'
."At-..the conclusion of.Mri'Phelan's ad
dress "Alfred C. Read. sang. "My Own
United States" in' splendid, voice. A
toast to the King' was, then, drtink and
then another to "Scotland, the land of
our., .birth;" which: was 'greeted' -with
hearty cheers
'fjohn McXaught responded \!tq' . the
toast "Scotland,, the tend" "of our- birth,. 1 -'
and: eloquently told the- story' of .the.
rugged land to whidh the minds .of all
his "listeners were turnect ■ \ here is no
crag in all that land. \t%' said", nor
through : its -valleys do<*s a" river flow,
that Is unnoted in efther song c5r poem.
The love of the Scotchman for his coun
try is ever manifest in its literature, he
said, and on the earth ;no truer .democ
racy exists, for in that 'land all" men
share in the wealth of cbmmon hu
manity. ',"..-•"■ ,
LAND WITH A SOUL
Into that land, said Mr. McNaught,
in conclusion, there was born a soul, and
nothing can shake its' steadfast faith.
Through that soul the genius of her
people prevailed and it steeled the
hearts of her men in battle, ever flght-
ing for the right.
. Miss A. Fletcher, who recently ar
rived in this city from' the land of
the heather, sans two songs of Scot
land that were much appreciated. At
their conclusion President Lawson
said the wires had carried greetings
to the society from their brothers in
Albany, St. Paul, .Victoria, B. C, Mon
treal, Canada, Tacoma, Xevv York and
Vancouver, B. C. The reading of the
telegrams was greeted wllh cheers,
and then all rose and drank to" the
toast, "St. Andrew's day."
Hon. Lucien Shaw, Associate Jus
tice of the Supreme Court, was the
last speaker of , the evening. He re
sponded to the toast, "St. Andrew's
day and what It brings to us."
Justice Shaw said that only the recol
lection of the good time he had had
as a guest. of the society at its last
picnic could. tempt him to attempt i to
make an after-dinner speech, for
after-dinner speaking to all men » is
sometimes difficult, but to him was an
absolutely lost art.
"However,"., he- said. ,'-'I have been
called uponjto speak to St.. Andrew,
and I must confess that I know very
little of him. It! Is certain that he
was the. patron, saint -of, Scotland, and
I will remark that I think -that : this
Is enough, glory, considering modern
conditions. He represents : the spirit
of ! goodf ellowship we- "see ; here ; to
night, and it is his ' spirit that has
made this " fine ' institution flourish.
Long life .' to the St.,. Andrew's "Society
of San Francisco."
'- ■• A « few more \ songs followed Justice
Shaw's ' remarks, and then the guests
adjourned to'; the i_ Marble 1 and ' Maple
rooms- and mingled In the mazes * of
the' dance.';
V ASTORIA, . Nov.-; 30.— The i steamer
Ellerlc. • twenty-elx s days . from" MoJI, Japan,- in
ballast, arrived * here ' to-day^ .with smallpox ? on
board.' 5 ; One of. her Chinese crew ■ has ; smallpox
and •?. the ' captain is 111 ; with ' symptoms • of ■ the
«am« ' affliction. ; a
>w^^-." r^ nnnnnrnnrn ■ n . 1 . 1 ..':... FRAGERS ' " ; | rRAGERS
__.. . •■■'• ■■ r ' - t • '
I Take Lunch in Frames AH^ Visit* ice Cream Section |
m r* order. 3J i flllF i Premium <Man oSSiwi.) 2 *"** "t
I Cate wi^e 00 ? line Ji SJ * r»W* r? Room Mel? 1^ Sv^^ £
I (4th;Floor) of beautjgl hoi!- (WJ AlM^T^BtA A Hi^ On the |
1 A Holiday Bargain In Women's 1f>v _._ _ • 1
I S! w ers 1 0-DflV i
I3 Absolutely one of. the best offerings we have ever been * *3
H able to make' and specially appropriate at this holiday 2y
I SS The sale's On every purchase of J1.00 or,over there will be |
Eg are felt lined and flexible. 4*C^«««-*AbL2«- -» T\\-. •—.—>* H
ti Wtztk. The h'?*' 1 '' are l° w - These can- oOlTlcLrilll^ LIOlTlCr M
0 not be. obtained in other f<hoe -w«^«»*wi»*****£j m^ fj
S '■'* HsCssHk. stores at less than $1.00 a j*^S I T^ t-U* ~.-~ * c &i nr\ . £j
h jEfEgjBERsL p air - - Our p rice for thls sale > rfj&wWg *° ie ai Tiount ot M.UU fi
1 1 Specials for To-Day Only Sale of Sample Line of I
I The Highest Quality of Beautiful Parlor Lamps I
I Groceries and Liquors A fortu jr^sri^ U8 te jg^k, $
|3 • -(Fourth Floor) place on sale the sample-lines of two «rTjiW^iS\ W
111 r> • 1 • -1 1 j i- 11 " of th * largest lamp manufacturers in KZ/' \*2&ttf-A l\
{ g Quick service arid prompt delivery on all pur- the United States. They are of every f^fJ^TV.d 0
51 chases made in this department make •' shopping conceivable style and decoration; KuS^Ski^^ 3
: I here a -pleasure. Our goods are the best only. KK. Sltato^^^aJTSSS V^Jr t
'■ m Plum Pudding Gordon founts with decorated plobe; others Xiiii^P^ |l
m OrOCeneS . , n-ft T • uoraon with globes to match the founts; all r H
' m RahKIft'c n».* c~ & AJJ'lworth s — Of\r% are handsomely finished with em- fcft-j H
BaDDltts JJest Soap — T ]b. tins...... aCV/C bossed brass foot. Our prices are one- 1b&» ; 15
• * 24 bars . .. tf*4 f\(\ <:-..- third less than the selling value, and >#>'*'«*v H
i 1 JllaUV/ " I immrc ' the >* range from 98c to $10.00. gs<v-cv^a» il
! 3 . ■: ; ■• .W^UUIb As a special for to-day we will of- >"^V — %x^. ■
i ; Coffee "Pratr^r* P* W 1 1 « o n • Whi«V#«v fer a lamp exactly as shown in illus- fZAJL- _\V^I SI
\\ .vCi ■& • <,ili. ? a,i^ y ~" tration at nearly one-half price. This \X~jfff \, J\ \
i \ liable Kona — a \ Q_ That s All — a «7Q rt i am p is attractively decorated, has a • \^ft-}gnn^yjgf |
. lb .' ivL bottle ../. (7l floral center, tint-d edges, a 10-inch VsJ££>%ay«»/ j
; ; . _,., o „ Klobe. and stands 24 inches high. It V^^vry^r"/ Ll
a PfTrTini- T-i- p,,i«' Cider — Best Itastern — has a round wick and burner and Is - V. I
« i-carnnc ja r >les— made, from best F. n^ center -draft Regular price Is $4.50; watW^V I
ji 3for^*!^:25C'.*W le!^K* Uon ™£ your choice to-day, at- gp&BB*^ \
{H .......... Old Crow Sour Mash or . "' **]
' @ Raisins — Seeded — the Rye— Regularly Ss.oo a ' ; ' G: *JH Q ' ■ '• - 1
1 g^^.25c ;fp^.° n ~.$4.00l ■ .- ■ f»'"O ".I
I Handkerchiefs | Polka Dot Pongee Women's Collars j\
1 .(Main Floor) '. " " ,* ' (Main Floor) (Main Floor) d
» : Women's Pure Iiiaea Half Bleached 24-ihch' Polka Dot Pongee, suitable Blact Kat Stock Collar*— With N
'f Handkerohiefs— They have a tiny for klmonas. draperies, etc.; very short tab. studded all ovTrT^ rt Kl
B hemstitched border, and one corner . heavy weight: different col- n/\ W uh tiny black sDanjrles- I Wf* H
■E has a floral design, hand- -|^1 oreddots; regular price 73c; j\JC* worth 35c- special a* . . .'.' * y^ M
>B embroidered; .worth 20c: 1^2C special" ... ". **-~-*r » .
I sale price •'.,...• •• CiIIf D/%f\1in " Ponr-ln-Haaa *Tle« — Made of soft fj
, I A Sheer, laws Kandk«rcliief— With •• * OU». ropjlll p ea u de Sol« SlHc— In red. brown. *H
! c -lace border and lace "corners — some Just the thing for waists, trimmings, black,, orange, old rose, two shades ot ra
K have embroidered scallops — •< *>1 " etc.; the colors are all popu- n/\ green and white, onion, royal *%f\ W
ft worth 15c; sale price.. I /.^C -lar ones;- the quantity Is jl/C and navy. Wjorth 25c; special- /.{JC P
•. ■ Kfci^ v> > .limited; special at , *^ w price ". favy H
I Suggestions made by Pragers, the I
1 largest* department* store in the g
I West, Select your presents early 9
'H - : For Melt • Handsome Black Belts.. $1.00 to $7 jOO If" S apki i n i R1 JI? S , • - . .$1.00 to $4^O" W
I .- r r%Jl *»*' ; " . Knit Petticoats .48c to S3.5O Porcelain Clocks, with alarm attached M
!h Gimjlne Meerschaum Pipes.'.;:."..:. Wool Shawls ...:.... 75o to S5.00 •••.•_. S3.50 E]
>« '......'. 32.50 to $10.00 Sterling Silver Hair Brush, with -^ _ _ * "B
H Genuine Amber Cigar. Holders. I Comb $4^0 - For the ' BOVS . lil
! H • .' $1.00 to $S.5O Farley Gold Brooch Plns.$3.50 to $5.00 O1IJ . * ft
1 B E>onized Military Brushes, a pair. . . Fancy Desk or Mantel Clocks Ill5 P ers T >\ •* • -* 1 - 00 to $1.85 W
fS . ". $1.25 to .$6.00 $1.25 to $6.00 S apkln Rln S» ,.$1.OO to $4.00 t4
H Leather Cigar Caae. .-; . . .75o to $5.O0 Swiss Enameled Watch.. $4.50 to $5.00 •~ u ? a ' s " v « r plated -. 58o R|
■ Celluloid, Hardwood and Stag Collar Pretty Lace Collar 65c to $12.00 Calkins Self-Filling Fountain Pen.. f»!
H . and Cuff Boxes . : . . ,50c to 55.00' " Silver-Mounted. Ebony Hat Brush: . . . ' - • •" - $3.00 to $5.00 K
H Decorated China Shaving Sets -. . . '. . ; . . . . . .: . . . ..... $1.25 up Waterman's Fountain Pen IB
H ..*..'....*.. ...: 50c to 91.50 Stock Collars 19c to $3.50 „•:/••" $3^0 to $8.00 H
H Leather Card Cases 50c to $5.00. Umbrellas 50c to 313.50 Sealing Sets .25o to $1X0 W
:H Silk Embroidered Suspenders Sterling Silver Paper Cutter Safety Razor $1.50 to $15.00 §1
10. 39oto$4.00 ......; :;. H 75c to $1.10 Gillette Razor $5.0O if
|H Men's Silk. Neckwear. .12 Ho to $1*0 Oxidized Metal Chain Girdles. . .$2.50 bmoking Jackets .,.^ ; $4^5 M
'gj.Pure Linen Initial ; Handkerchiefs. Perfume" Atomizers - 25o to 81.50 Bath Robes .' $338 B
! m each, 25c; a box $1.40 Hat Drapes or Veils. . 5Oc to 83.25 l. a " cy . Vests $2X5 M
; g| Smoking Jackets. ...:. .$4.35 to $12.50 Hat Pins. = extra long 85c Sllk-Rmbroldered Suspenders til.
S Traveling Rolls— outfitted completed Jewel Cases.. .".'......... .90c 39c to $4.00 W
! H . . -......, . . ;$2.95 to $10.00 Netbersole Bracelets, gold filled..$1.10 Glovea 75c, 95c, $1.50 K
!H Silk Embroidered. Socks, per pair All-Eelt Slippers..'. $1.00 to $1.50 Pajamas 51.25 to $4.00 M
1 B .. :. 12^c. 25o and 50c Pyrography Outfits $1.75 np* Silk Mufflers 75c to $3.50 M
■ •Silk Mufflers/. ..; -..75c to $3.50 Music Rojls and Sags, from. ... Box Fandy Hose, box half a dozen.. I]
63 Bath Robes .$3.98 to $12.50 .:.. .... % • 300 to S6.00 ...70c, $1.40 and 32.75 0
Bl Sterling- Sirver Match Boxes -. InK Stands, Cut Glass...' $2.50.' Meerschaum Cigar Headers H
H ■•'•.'. : — $1.00 to $4^o • . . »--.- : '• .$1.00 to $2.50 H
. R« French Bf lar wood- Pipe Sets :. -. i>_i. xi,. U^^."'" ; V -•• Neckwear... 12^o to $l^O m
•Ej •.........: • $1.75 to $4.60 .I 1 Or tne Home Sweaters and Jerseys. ..$2.00 to $4JSO §3
!H Dress. Suit Cases $3.25 to $15.00 ; • • . ----• . .- Pocket Knives 25c up B|
B Cold Filled Link Sleeve Buttons. .50c : Finished Pin Cushion. . . .45c to $7.50 batches ■ $1.00 to $5X0 [1
II Pretty Silk Initial Handkerchief s..50o . Handsome Tinted Lamp,- with Globe • Sterling Silver Match Boxes ........ la
: H 6 for '.v. .;,..: ..$2.75 ■' $3.00 . -1.00 to $4^O f£
ifa Grotesque Cigar or -Tobacco Jar • China. Tea Sets ..-.- ..75c-to 85.00 Celluloid Collar. Cuff and Handker- m
n • . '-. • •- 50o to $5.00 China Salad Bowl 25c to $3.00 chief Boxes . . .- 5Oc to $5.00 R
,« Snioking's'eVs'.'quadrupVe" plate. .. .v. Carlsbad China Cake Set, 13 -pieces. .. Neckwear : 75c stad Sl.OO H
.Kg • •' .- •. $6.00 and $7.50 ...■..."...- t .-. ..Sl.OO to S5.00 Half-dozen Linen Handkerchiefs. In m
IS Leather Wallets. .,:.• 50c to $6.00 Pickle . Forks. 1S47 Rogers Bros." Al- box ". $1.40 fi
! B <31oves . . .'. 75c, 95o and $1.50 . „ •• 50c each Umbrellas '. . . , . . .45c to $12.00 [fc
' H Shirts of all kinds .<• '..$1.00 Berry Spoons. 1847 Rogers. Bros." A 1 Silver-Mounted Military Brushes, ih
fi 3 for ..- $2.75 .■'•• .-.. .$1.15 to $1.85 each- .'. $2.25 Hi
ra. Waterman's Fountain Pens ..;.;..-.. r Gravy Ladles. 1847 Rogers Bros.' Al Gold-Filled Fob $1.00 to $5.OO Bl
m ..$2.50 .to $8.OO "-••• •• 95c Suit _ $3.25 to $12.00 13
' li Briar Pipes- • 25c to $6.00 Table Covers SOc to $7.5O Hats $1.00 to $4.00 f*I
H Safety' Razor. 1 Sets $1.50 to 315.00 Fancy Chafing Dishes. .$4.50 to S12.00 Initial Handkerchiefs, a box.' 7Oc (5
•53 Men's Umbrellas. .:".-.. .50c to $12.00 Quadruple Plate Tea Se*s, 4 pieces. . Stick Pins .25c to $2.00 H
!§S Fancy Vests .■ ...$1.19 to $3.85 312.00 Full Dress Protectors. .$1.50 to $3.50 g
» Stein's. '. ". 35c to 910.00 Car.vlng Sets \ .$1.60 to S5.00 Shirts 50c to S1.50 R
■G Shaving Mugs, decorated china ' Fancy Jardinieres 50c to 33.50 .. . hi
■ m ■ ■ • •'./..-.: -....*. .25c to $1.50 Vases SOc to 35.00 l?rtr» tho f^i^ie '1
! H Men's Opera Ciit Slippers. Black and Lace Bed Sets.-. ..... .$1.25 to 315.00 rwi " ws V»irio
\m Tan. patent leather trimming.,.-.. Blankets, California' Wool Gloves, pair 25c to $2.00 M
f H-- .75c to 91.50 '" I $4.95 to $16.00 Hand Bags ........ ...S&50 to S2O OO E
' &'■ Men's. Romeos. Black and Tan. .$1.50 Down Comforters $4.95 to 325.00 Fancy Box Stationery 30c to Salso W
M . Ink Stand. Cut Glass, with Imitation Linen S.ets, hemstitched Brooches * " 79c to $5 OO H
! fi French Staghorn ..S2.50 '..,.... .$5.00 to $20.00 Half a dozen Linen Initial Handker- n
IB WatcU Fobs, fine gold filled.-. .. .$2.00 Linen Towels. 1 dozen..$l^O to $15.00 chiefs 7.7. ° 75c to $1^0 i
\m Scarf Pins, gold filled ,50c Case of Assorted Liquors — California Silk Petticoats $4.95 to 312 50 R
g| Cloth Brushes • $2.75 Wines _. . . . . . $2.75 to $6.75 side and Back Combs. . .$1.00 to $8.00 Ej
, M Pajamas, Madras and Cheviot Dinner Sets. 44 to 100 pieces, pret- Pyrography Outfits SI 75 ui> E3
M $1.25 to $4.OO ■■ tHj decorated $3^5 to $50.00 piack Girdle Belt . .V.V.Vsbc' to* $7.00 B
j H SUk Skull Caps 45c to 75c Salad Sets, t pieces, china .• Silver- Mounted Ebony Hat Brush H
Eg Hats ... $1.00 to $4.OO .. .Sl.OO to 35X30 «l!aa"ii.»K
S Full Dress Protectors. .$1.60 to $3.00 Cake Sets. 7 pieces. $1.OO to $5.0O Music Bags "and* Roll s.' .".'."edc to $5 Ott H
QJ Extra Size Handkerchiefs, a box. 1 Chocolate Sets — Decorated China Pot Shell Necklaces 98o II
, & dozen , $1.50 and 6 Cups . : $1JJO to $10.00 sterling Silver Manicure Sets! '.'.'.... B
> y • Chop Set $3.60 to $7.50 . 32 75 to S3 so r'
IK For Women Lamps, all designs. .. .$1^0 to $15.00 ReVl'ShVli Back' Combs..$3JO to $6.00 H
H rui fruiucu » Portable Lamps. Gas or Electric Work Baskets .. .. 25o to $3iso H
I In Silk Petticoats $4.95 to $12.50 . . ••,;..-• • • •* J^? *° s l?-°* Traveling Rolls, containing Toilet K
. m Kimonas 79c to $2.50 Medallions 25c to Sl-25 Outfits .S2.D3 to 810.00 II
I B Eiderdown Dressing Sacques Framed Pictures ....... 35o to $304)0 Sterling Silver Hat Brush... $275 H
\m. ..... .69c to $2.95 Paper Novelties— Flowers, Doylies, Gold-Filled Bracelet $l.lo to' $5.25 B
H Eiderdown Bath Robes.. $335 to $5.95 etc.. all prices Gold-Filled Necklace. . .$2.25 to 85 JO El
I | Fur Sets 98o to $50.00 L un fh Sets, each J' Mo Stag-Finished Glove. Handkerchief. H
' W Ebony Toilet Sets. . . . .$1.50 to $10.00 Candle Shades .12c ny Collar Boxes S2.50 to $4.35 B
1 B Sterling Silver Hand Mirrors. . .$13.75 Candle Holders .10c and 15c Half a dozen pairs of Stockings fl
; 13 Quadruple Plate Tea Sets, 4 pieces.. Candle Sticks, Brass or Oxidized •- to sroo K
'I S12.OO ............... .............BOo up Umbrellas .....\..".V.V.BOo to tlSSS N
I Women's Walrus Bags..$1.00 to $20.00 Lithographed Cushion Tops.lSc to 50c Sterling Silver Paper Cutter r
E Ostrich Feather Boas..$10.00 to $30.00 Battenberg Doylies So to 50c 35 O ♦_' a V io Bl
B Handkerchiefs, half a dozen Tenerlffe Tidies. Doylies. . . . . . ... ... Writing Tablets, different leathers. . f*
H 75 O to $4.50 8 l-3o to $10.00 S1.5O to S3 kn H
§ Dainty China Cup and Saucer Portieres, a pair. .... .$3.95 to $12.50 Sterling 'Silver" Toilet ' SetsV. ... I
K Pivers Extract, 1%-oz. bottle. . .81.10 $15.00 to $25 00 I
| Black Satin or Brocade Opera Bag... ' Oxidized Metal Chain Girdles. . .$2^0 f
B $1.50 to S5.00 | j Combination Card Case and Pocket- £
ft Work Baskets 25c to $3.50 •A'^ y book $1.00 to S5.OO f
R Gloves •/;•/• - 25 2 to W- 00 >M M w^W Perfume Atomizers 25c to $1.50 I
M Stationery, box of high-grade >ifl-| a^> W Iff ftT hTS^T Sw1ss Enameled Watch .... |
C1 50c to $1.50 l/WrTS H LJB H H HL ft $4J0 and S5 OO t
H Sterling Silver Manicure Pieces.. .. n|{^ft (MfTaV V/>^ I Hat Drapes or Veils SOc to S2J25 ?
P 7 35o to 31.10 fmT . I Ostrich Father Boas.. $iaoo to $30.00 |
M Shell Back Combs 81.00 to 86.00 IS. ALWAVL* RELIABLB Stock Collars 19c to 83.50 ¥
H Photograph Albums . . . . .50o to S5.00 jjr J/iiu/n' — «//)i/rC CTV Real Lace Handkerchiefs E
I Manicure Sets. In cases..$1.45 to $4.95 B MAK/\£i*J&GJ\Jn£O O/OJ 81.25 to ?5 00 v
H Sterling Silver Napkin«Rlngs. ....... Felt Slippers .,...:..'.. 65c to $l!so S
H - .'.$1.00 to S4X)0 M Fur Set , 98c to S8.50 E
PERSONAL.
■ •• W. E." Crothers, a 'San Jose attor
ney, is at "the Palace.. . V
: William G. Gosslln, a Portland lum
berman, isat the Palace.
'.Kp.^'M. Romaln and wife "of Fresno
are staying at the Occidental. • jg^j
; ~,F.- W. . G.. Fitzgerald, ; a Toronto
business. man, is at the Palace.
»' Ev H. Cox, a well known lumberman
of Ma'dera; is staying at the Palace.
?1 General' W. E. Daugherty,, U. S. A.,
retired; and I wif e registered yesterday
at the Occidental.
■". ■ Among~the arrivals at the Occiden
tal yesterday was; Carroll Stevenson of
Managua, Nicaragua. HHj
V Alexander Rutherford, the well
known young New. York broker, . and
A'dblph^ B.~5 Babcock of Chicago, who
have been visiting Southern California
for several days., returned yesterday
and .'are' at. the 'St. Francis.
A. J. • Drexel , Jr., grandson of the
late famous banker of Philadelphia,
and • Norwell v H. Griffith of London
arrived " from the East yesterday and
are registered at the St. Francis. They
leave to-day bn the steamship Sonoma
for i New Zealand. !
• Louis : Kaiser, American Consul at I
Mazutlan, who has been, home on!
leave, ' arrived " here yesterday on his j
.way "to I his southern post and is reg
istered at the Grand. During his stay
in the East Consul Kaiser visited [
President Roosevelt,' 'to ■ -whom 'he j
spoke of :. the kindly ' feeling enter
tained for the; President In the neigh
boring republic. ' ' ■ , ' '
NEW ORLEANS. ♦Nov. SO.— In the presence
of a congregation • which crowded. the old 8t. '
Louis Cathedra! Father Cornelias Van Devon*
was to-day consecrated Bishop of Xatehltoches.
Bishop. Meerschaerts of Indian Territory
preached the sermon. ' *
FREE FRE*E FREE
. # .WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS. ;
Free With Every Small Ad in
See Small Ad -Page for Further
Particulars.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
CHARGE KINIRY
WITH THE DEAD
i^lloner Worried
S|^;:V^e;VHa$. : Ample Funds With
i 0? Which V: to" Make' Defense.
•'YOUN'-G CAN" ADI AX WHO :JS ' LOCKED UP IN. : THE .OAKLAND CIT?T PRISON |'
■•■"-■. "--.••A'tYA-ITINCS TlilAL ON THE CHARGE THAT: HE MURDERED POLICEMAN
-V.^.: -JAMES <H. iSMITH IN NCrt'EMBER, 1803.- ' . .' ' • . . • . • • '
;; V^KLAXB. : > T ov. 30!— David Kiniry,
:;tharge4 v.i.th the murder -of Policeman
:' James H, "Srhith, has '.been, formally ac
- cu^'e.d-' (?f the.crirneand awaits" the. reg
"iiiar.-.-process.of. the courts with his case.
warrant .Xjf- arrest was based on a
"co'ttjji.ainl -sworn '.tQ- by .Police Judge
IMoHfrhe/r' .Smith, brother of .the m'ur
'd.e'c^di" patrolman.r. Kiniry will be af
;raigned '.before' • Judge ' George -.Samuels
, In. : . Department. 2 of .the- Police Court.
•yjvmbrrow,. when a plea will be taken
qjidahe time-will. be set for the prelim
injary -.examination. •■ '"■. " .
. .Wiliing enough 'to talk along Tine^--
Fe'nijal 'lihes.' Kiniry to-day .showed
..'rnarke'd • reficence -concerning the real
. issue before him. ' .
*'I shall plead notguilty,".hedeclareai
"and:l shall '-use all 'of the. legal rights
I r>OEsess . to . defend myself. ' No. I
haven't engaged an attorney yet.
There's time enough, and I guess; I can
pet. hold of money enouzh to pay hirr."
This confidence in his ability to raise
means convinces the police that Kiniry
has money at his disposal. But they
have no information where his hidden
fund might be located. When Kiniry
was taken in charge by Chief. of Poliee
Hodgkins his possessions consisted of
51 75 and the clothes on his back.
Kiniry is rated by the police as a
desperate thug, ready for any crime
and willing to take human life without
the slightest compunction. The police
strip the situation of glamor and mock
heroics. They insist that the prisoner,
clever and self-possessed as he may be,
shall not be held up as an object of
morbid curiosity. Upon that theory or
ders have been given that no persons
whose business does not warrant shall
be permitted to see Kiniry. He will be
given such medical or other attention
as his case requires, but under no cir
cumstances will there be any pamper
ing of the man.
KXMRY TALKATIVE. . -
Kiniry was willing enough to talk to
day. He rather indicated a weakness
to ehine a bit under the limelight. His
interviewers had no difficulty in gain
ing much Information from the prisoner.
up to the r>oint of actual part in the
duel that ended Policeman Smith's life,
•There Kiniry halted. Voluble and a bit
boastful was h» about "his burglaries
■and the battle of pistols at Los An
geles that ended In his captuce. All of
that he told and retold, as he nad done
many times during his stay In the
• southern" city after his' arrest there.
But it had become an old story and the
recital opened no new lines of sugges
tion.
Kiniry is 22 years old and a native
of Montreal, Canada. His mother re
sides In the East. Much of his life
was spent i # n St. Louis. Mo., but If his
etory be true he has been a thief and.
burglar since he was 16 years old; His
associations have riot been with_
criminals. Young, Men's Christian
Associations have appealed to him and
his name has been '.oh 'the. rolls of; hot
a few', such organizations. " Thus he
has .hidden-., for' years the real trend
of his movements.. • .'. '.•'.."
AH' of these- details have been in the
possession- of : . the. police for 'months.
The very minute '.and..accurate descrip
th-e "circulars sent out by the' Oakland
departnhnt sbon ; after' the shooting of
Smith iovered' -these items closely.
ICiniry meets, the description perfect
ly. .. He is tall.- slender, athletic In
build, with .a. \ clean-cut . face,, not
marked by criminal' lines; that is
strongly enough, to be observed by an
ordinary investigation. Thdt the pro
fessional c'rinjinal characteristics are
absent Is due. in'great measure, say the
police, to' the fact that-Kiniry has al
.ways kept company of a respectable
class." , "• .
FEW iBAD HABITS. .
" Kiniry has few bad- habits. He
neither' use"s-'tobacco in any form nor
dof-s he use ; intoxicants. . He is a
"crank" on physical exercise. His
practice for years has beep to take a
regular daily course in bicycling, ten
nis or walking, with constant pistol
practice. He lives plainly and eschews
all tendency . toward "high living."
This anomalous criminal has been able
to keep his mind clear, to work with
ready wit and strong muscle at his
murderous calling.
Now that the man is here, ready for
the process of the courts, the police
and Prosecuting Attorney A. P. Leach
have commenced to get their evidence
in shape. They have a mass of cir
.cumstances which they are very hope
ful can be worked into a perfectly
linked chain of proof to convict
Much of the case rests upon Kiniry's
admissions, 'coupled with Policeman
Smith's dying statements. One im
portant item is the possession by the
police of two bicycles, which they ex
pect to prove were purchased by
Kiniry and "Goldstein, his companion;
who was killed by Smith. These bi
cycles were found near the scene of
the shooting.
Chief Hodgkins has had much talk
with Kiniry, but avers . that the
prisoner has made no admissions ex
cept, as toe. his earlier relations with
Goldstein.
Chief of- Police William T. Stanford
of Vallejo, who knew Kiniry in that
city, visited headquarters to-day and
.was In conference with the police.
Captain Joseph J. Burnett and Detec
tive Sergeant Jerry Dlnan of. the San
Francisco Police Department were
also at the City Prison to talk over
the case.
Engineers l^ail to Meet.
OAKLAND. Nov. 30.— City Engin
eer F. C. .Turner was unable to-day to
meet A. M. Hunt, the engineer select
ed by the Bay Cities Water Company
on the commission to examine Its
properties. The situation as to the
nomination of a third member of the
board remains : v unchanged. Turner
said to-night he, should make further
effort r to T morrbw to interview Hunt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; THURSDAY, DECEMBER ' 1~ 1904
CONTEST OVER
BULLER ESTATE
Former Husband of the De
ceased Lady Sends Nomi
nation From South Africa
WILL OPPOSE S.TEPSON
Property Consisting of a
Block Valued, at About
.$100.0.00 Is at Stake
Oakland' Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Nov. 30.
A contest over the estate left by the
late Lady Kirkham Blair Yarde-Bul
ler is threatened, and "from far- away
South Africa • Walter Yarde-Buller,
the second husband of deceased, from
■whom "she was -separated for many
years- prior -' to her death, has
sent a nomination to Vincent Neale of
Marin County to act as his representa
tive and petition for letters of admin
istration UDon'the erjtate. The prop
'.erty consists of a' block at 'the corner
of F.tne and Battery 'streets in San
Francisco, valued at about $1 00*000.
•and Is occupied by Rosenthal "Bros.,
c'opiraission merchants.
Ralph Kirkham Blair, only sur
viving son. has already been granted
specjal. letters of administration .on'
'the estate and is now awaiting the
arrival" of his mother's will from Eng
land; when-he 'will ask to be appoint
ed executor under a provision to. this
effect. .By the. terms of the will the
entire estate Is left to her two sons,
.orre of. whom. •'.Arthur, recently died.
Me; however, left .a widow," who will
Inherit 'a portion of his share.
The entire property. Is at . present'
held '• by. William Chapman under a
trust deed made to" him by Mrs.
Yarde-Buller. He was trustee of her
estate,' .v/hlle ' Attorney George T. .
Wright was appointed guardian of her
"person" and who kept her domiciled
at a Livermore sanitarium in order, to
keep Jier- from '.indulging her appetite
for liquor. ."It-was the effort, made re-'
cently ty her, to have -the court de
clare her .'competent to manage her
"ow-ti affairs' that is. said to have has
tened her death. ,'.;'* ' . •
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKEMST. N:oy. 30.— :The Woman's Man-
"doit^" and. Guitar Club of.' the university Is to
entertain the pebpl* of Hay wards a.t-a' con-'
cert to Im sfiven In the opera-house there. next
Saturday night. The music will be under the.
• direction of A. W^ Black. .
Several proiplsent members of. the faculty'
are to take a' prominent part In the thirteenth
annual convention of the State FTult .Growers' '
Association, 'which meets at San Jose on De-
cember .«.' Profetssor Woodworth will read .a
• paper on "The Kntomoloeical Kqulpmpnt -of '
the Horticultural . Commissioner." Professor
Ralph .'Smith will discuss 'The Pear Blight In
Northern California." Pro'feesor Clark ' will.,
speak 6f "Aphlds That- 'Attack "the Apple.""
Governor Pardee. President David Starr Jordan'
and other notable ' men will also speak.
The university library hae Just- received thei
sift of some valuable books from ' Lincoln'
Hutchison, Instructor In .commercial geogra
phy, who .obtained them 'from the Dutch Gov
ernment while recently traveling In ..Europe.
TBe set is composed of twenty-seven folio vol-
umf'H, being the complete set of the official re
ports, records of Internal and foreign com
merce In the Netherlands since 1800. ■ ' •
Professor.'A. G-. . Miller and Professor. T. W.
Pa^e ' are to. addc*ss. the students at Stan
ford -to-morrow morning: on "The Spirit of
Commercialism.". Le Cercle Francals of the
university will hold an .open meeting:, at Hearst
.Hall next Saturday, when several, one-act
farces will be "Presented. First will be a
seen* f ro,tn '.'Ray Bias," with Jackson Greg
orj as 'Don SalliiSTe and C. B. Head as Don
Caesar de Bazan.. -.In Abraham I?reyfus' com
edy' "tTn Crane Sous L'ne Tempete," the play
ers will be Miss Alice Jones and Miss C. T.
"Walker. Another, to be presented is
"La. Cirale Chez l.es Fourmls." in which Mies'
Franklyn Jones, Miss Mary Le Conte. Alfred
Solomon and C. B. Head will take.paVt.
' •!•. A. Ffcz. an expert o'a'' wheat, connected
with the United t States Department of Agri
culture, is at the' university. He will conduct
experiments' in wheat raisins in Cal 'ornla.
The work, is expected to be of trreat , impor
tance, to farmers of the State. . ,' ■ • r
'ProfesEor W. 8. Ttiomaa of the department
of education has left for Southern California.,
•.where he will . examine Jilgh schools and
make recommendations to, the university. •
'The " last university meeting of the present
term will be held, next "Friday morning, when
the ppeakers will be Joseph • D. Redding of
San Francisco and Rev. A. L. " Parsons -of-
Berkeley.* The University Glee Club will ren
der several selections. ... ,
The recorder has announced that all college
exercises will closc'at 5 o'clock on December
12 instead of on December 9. , It was found
necessary to have two examinations on Satur
day, December 10. owing to the lack of large
roosts, and this has caused n change In the
schedule as originally announced.
COXTIN'UES LECTURES ON
THE FRENCH REVOLUTION
Professor Henry., Morse Stephens
Treats of Mirabenu as a States
man During Great Period.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— -Professor
Henry Morse Stephens of the-Univer
sity of California delivered to-day be
fore the university extension center at
the common school assembly hall the
fourth lecture in his' course on the
French revolution. A large audience
heard the discourse, which dealt with
Mirabeau as a statesman who had
tried to prevent the excesses of the
revolution and had worked for a sta
ble government. Professor Stephens
traced the work of the National As
sembly, showing" how Mirabeau had
bent his wonderful powers toward or
der and how and why he failed:
The lecturer said much new light
on Mirabeau's relations ' to the times
had been given by the publication of
his correspondence with Lamarck,
which had pot been available to the
earlier writers on the period. The
fifth lecture will be given December
14, and will deal with Brissot^
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk to-day: William
Giacopetti, 21, San Francisco, -and
Genevieve Ghigliotti, .19, Oakland;
Walter W. Imhoff , 23, . and Amelia B.
Edmonstone, 18,; both of San Fran
cisco: Joseph. Dinelli/ 25; and Came
linda Cortopazzl, 25, both of Oakland;
Carl Gustaf son, 23, and Annie <Oberg,
21, both;of Oakland; Oscar F.-Whit
ney, 25,, and Mate L. Moore, 25, ; both
of Oakland; Peter. Stefahi, "41, arid Al
bina Rissi, 40. both :of San Rafael;
Robert A. Barr, 2 8, "and Mary. A. Arm
strong, 26^ both of; Oakland. .
: . ; AUBURN', - Nov. 30.->-Sam Davis . waa denied
a ' ne w trial by Jud*e Prewett- to-day *nd. sen
tenced ■ to | FoUocn for two year* | and three and
a half months. He waa convicted' of burgiarr."
MAKES DARING LEAP
TO GIVE ALARM
Mrs. S air field. Awakes, to
Find House Is in Flames
JUMPS PROM BACK WINDOW
ALAMEDA, Noyi 30. — Aften being
almost suffocated with smoke from a"
flro in the residence at 1804 Grand
street this morning: at "2 o'clock. Mrs.
M. -A. Sairfleld, who was asleep in a
back room on the second floor* of .the
house, awakened, and, realizing her
danger, jumpfd from a window- to a
shed and dropping to the ground hur
ried to the home of Albert Klhn at
1711 Buena Vista avenue and gave the
alarm. In making the daring leap the.
woman was severely jarred and sus
tained a number; of minor injuries. '
In the absence of the oWner of the
house, Mrs. Anna' Mitchell, who is
traveling In the Eastern States, Mrs.
Sairfleld has- been, caring for the
dwelling. She retired early last night
and the first- intimation she hkd 'that
a fire had started in the building was.
TURTLE TAKES
ITS DEPARTURE
Strange Creature
From Home of. Its O\\Tier
in the University To wii
■ . . Berkeley Office. San Francisco Call,
. " " 2148 Center Street, Nov. 30. -.
"Japhet in Search of a Father", has a
rival in • Berkele.y in" the frantic search
which Arthur I. Street is making: for
his giant turtle, a creature-which scien--.
•tists at the State University. have de
clared is 200 years old and entitled to a
place: in museum annals as a valuable \
curio. The animal has disappeared. and
cannot be found. ■ .'-. ' -, . ' .
The. turtle was captured in the midst
of the Nevada desert several months
ago by Street while he (Street) was
making the Journey overland between
Los Angeles and Salt. Lake' City. Noth-.
ing to siiDport life was visible in " the.
desert, but the great turtle, was in evi
dence and seemed to be athprne^ He
was brought to Berkeley, and given
quarters at the residence pf Mr.. Street's,
father, 1517 Shattuck avenue.- Professor
W. E. Ritter of the department;of zo.al
ogy examined :the strange, find made
byStreet and 1 pronounced It to be' more
than 200 years old and; a; rare specimen
of an almost extinct .species 'of- animal
life. The professor could give no expla
nation of howl' the turtle; came to be
living. in the midst f>t desolation on a.
great desert, ' but it is. supposed the
palm roots or some-other hidden yege*
tation contributed 1 to his support. •
Mr. Street pet of his find,'
quartering, it at his father's home on
Shattuck avenue. Last night the turtle,
disappeared, and ■ to-day S. treet has
searched Berkeley through trying to get
a trace- J of the vagrant : crea.ture, but
without success'. • ' - V'. -
ART AND ARTISTS.
By Zoe Green Radcllffe.
.OAKLAND. Nov.- 30.— ".'Tls remarkable
that they .talk .most tiiat' have the least to
«ay." Dr. Rader did not tay that exactly,
but he did .insinuate that he knew nothing
about - art and then went on displaying his
"ignorance" In a most Interesting manner.
One can .listen to Dr. Rader With such~fom
fort—his words come cleaa-cut from a clear
brain an*d his listeners are never obliged to'
strain mftid and hearing to' enjoy him.. ' He
has just returned ! from a stay in London and
in hljr talk on "Painters and Paintings of the
London Galleries'.' , the women of Ebell and
their guests received the benefit of his still
fresh impression* of British art and artists.
A goodly and fashionable gathering paid him
the compliment of close attention and at the
clone of his brief and very interesting ad
dress ' the distinguished 'clergyman was pre
sented Individually" to the members of the
club.
Lowell Redfleld sang a new song by Met
calf.. as y«t . unpublished, entitled "Break, ' O
Sea," and responded to a. hearty encore with
NVvlns 1 "Oh, That We Two Were Maying."
He was accompanied- by Mrs. R. H. Auerbach.
Members of the Shakespeare section were
ruling spirits to-day. Mrs. J. R. ■ Scupham,
curator of that section, being presiding hostess.
She was assisted by Mrs. A. A. Denlson, Mrs.
Kate Bulkley. Miss Babson, Dr. Lillian Dell,
Mrs. J. S. Burpee. Mrs. J. T. Dille. Miss A.
A. Clow, Mrs. Walter Mathews, Mrs. T. H.
Gaytes; Miss Janssen. Mrs. F. B. Ogden, Mrs.
G. M. Stolp, Mrs. T. C. Coogan, Miss M. C.
Heatpn, Mrs. E. Yorker. Mrs. A. \V. Bishop,
Mrs. J. S.' Crlttenden, Miss Crane. Mrs. Paul
Lohse, Mrs. A. L. Vandergaw. Mlsa Vander
gaw. Mrs. J. W. McClymonds. Mrs. Frank
Hard, Mrs. Ralph Kinney. Mrs. John Bake
well. Miss Gorrill, Mrs. J. A. .Johnson. Mrs.
O. S. Lackie,. Miss Scupham, Mrs. R. H.
Chamberlain, Mrs. Giles Gray. Mrs. W. A.
Childs, Mrs. George Hlldjrbrand. Miss . E.
Packard, Mrs. Edgar Bisffbp, Miss Cordie
Bishop, Mrs. Dudley KInsell. Mrs. D. T. Cur
tis, Mrs.'M. Morgan. Mrs. V>. W. Gelwlcks,
Mrs. J. W. Shanklln, Mrs. G. E. Brlncker
•hoff. Mrs. Frank Miller. Mrs. C. B. Parcells.
Mrs. H. Herson, Mrs F. Beckwlth. Mrs. J. B.
Hume, Mrs. C.. W. Kinsey. Mrs. S. J. Taylor,
Miss Eva Powell, Mrs. G. M. Shaw, Miss
Jennie Huff. ■ -.---.
.. • ■ • • * *
The -trite statement- that "there is nothing
new under. the- sun" lacks merit in these pro
gressive 1 days, .for" every once In a while some
Oakland hostess surprises h«r friends with some
new "stunt." Mrs. AV. A. Schrock may al
ways I be | counted < on ' to do something original
and, the members of a little card club, whom
she 'entertained yesterday, will - remember th«
occasion as a "red-letter day."
• Promptly* at '11:30 o'clock the invited ones
assembled at a ■ fashionable downtown • res
taurant in • Ban ■ Francisco, where they enjoyed
a delicious breakfast, while feasting ' the ear
with music . and the eye with the violets . that
adorned the table. Each lady — sixteen sat at
the table— carried away a large corsage bou
quet of the fragrant blossoms. \ \ ,-•-
■ At the conclusion of the breakfast the - party
boarded the waiting '^Iermosa.7 : the street
railway . company's luxurious private car, and
then away,* they ''sped .'over a devious and In
teresting route to the Cliff House.f&gg&KHC}
Mrs. Schrock must have had a very per
suasive heart-to-heart talk with the weather
clerk, for the day was . perfect. Not even a
faint breeze : ruffled the . sluggish waves and
the glorious sunshine spread a golden : warmth
over earth and sea. ' The car party remained
at the seaside resort for almost an hour, dur
ing which the hostess had "tin -types" taken
of the merry group, presenting one to each
lady as a souvenir of the occaslOR.-*HHSMBK
During the ride to the Cliff House several
games of > "500" ' were played ' and the - prize, a
dainty ; little . cloth-bound telephone memoranda
book, was won by Mrs. R. C. Craft.
It was 5 o'clock when the jolly party landed
at the ferry and returned to Oakland, after
one of the most delightful days In the history
of • the" club. " ' : , - '
■ Among Mrs. Schrock's - guests ■ were • Mrs.' :
George • W. FUher. • Mrs. J. Walter. 8cott. • Mrs.
Wallace R: : - Pond, ■ Mrs. ; Klliott . Harrington
Davis, '* Mrf ." H.'. B^ j Mehrmann;. Mrs. Ernest B.
Noyes, ", Mrs. Gilbert L. ; Curtiss, ' Mrs. I. A.
B«r«tt*. Mrs. W.v F: Burbank," Mrs. Fred U (
when the smoke penetrated her sleep
ing apartment this morning and near-
ly smothered her. .When Mrs. Sair
fleTd -opened the room dopr ' leading
into -the hall she_ saw that the front
stairway was being consumed and that
her -exit In that direction was Impos
sible. • She quickly closed the door." and
made her.- escape from the burning
structure by" the window route.
. Considerable difficulty was experi
enced ;by the firemen in subduing the
blaze. It is estimated that the damage
will amount to. $800. The building Is
one of the landmarks of the city and
in : 1860 was part of the ferry depot,,
located on a wharf that exten'ded from
the" north end of- Sherman street into
the estuary. It was moved to its
present location- by the late John
Gunn.' • ■
TEAM ANSWERS
SIGNAL TO EAT
Yiirsity Players 3Iake Merry
at Luncheon in Honor
of Their ..Football Fight
BERKELEY, N6v:.30.-In recognition
of their valiant deeds on the gridiron
trie men of the varsity football team
were to-day made the guests of honor;
at .a luncheon and.musicale given at
noon in Hearst Hall -by the Art Asso.
ciation of.. the university. .- ;> .^V
President and .Mrs.. . Benjamin Ide
Wheeler were' among the .guests* who
■came ..to" assist in doing honor to the.
football heroes. The university glee
club.: was called • Upon- to render music,
■and gave the " '.'Singers' March," "The.
Elfrrian,".- the "Medley of Seven Songs",
and the- '.'Chambers. -of Sleep," the last
being a. composition of. Dr.. H.J.-Stew
art.. ■ '•: :J"-v •• .*.: ■ .'. '" .■"•" ,..^r >:'■
Two violin solos were rendered by J,
J. Rhea of the'. junior, class' at the uni-:
.versi.ty, 'these being, considered equal in
technique "and •feeling to- the w:ork .of:
professional' artists.. Rhea received un
usual applause for his. efforts^ ■ : • •;. ".
' After-the musical : ptogramme the- As-
Tsociated" W-o'men Students served lunch
eon.. The following football men ".were,
among the guest? - of - honor: : Beii . jy.-
Stroud, W. F. Heitmujler, :D./ P.Bpotrifi,
O. F. Snedigar; R. W:. Kittrelle. F!,Las>
ater, -Jarnesr'A.- Force," Pferitiss. N. Gray,'
E. D; White, E. Stern. R. . H.. Elliott,
W. H. -Boynton, C. Kern, H. R.Mead,
C. -Haffey; W. E.. . Sperry, G. . R". Kerr
and R. N:_ Foster.- .. '■.] V ■ " • ■ • . .
"Besides the football men/ the follow
ing guests were present:. President and
Mrs. Benjamin Ide Wheeler," Mrs. .War-,
reh Cheney, Miss. Edith' Sprague, Miss"
Myrtle Sims,. Miss • Florence. Parker,
Misa-Lucretla Gross,' Miss Bertine Wol
lenb'erg. Miss Gladys Wickson, Miss Sy
bil Jones, Miss' Ethel Richardson, Miss'
H«l«n Parker, N.. N.'. Eddy and J. J.
Dobbins. ." '■ . . ' ■"-.• '-•■> ■ .'
•Button. "Mrs. M. J. Laymance.-.'Mrs.' R. C.
.'Craft arid Mrs. H. M. Bull. . " . : • '
..•-- •-.•■• . • .
Another little V5C0"-. club, has been resur
reetfd from last season's buried- pleasures' and
•Is in circulation again.- Tc-day Miss. .Edith
• Heck .was hoctess. : The - ten -maids and three
young' matrons who compose this club are' the
Misse* Edith Beck, Lucretia Burnham, Aaa'.
Knnna, Marlon' Goodfeliaw. Do'ttls Everson,
May Coogan. Mollle Mathes, Bessie . Reed;
Cl.tirfi Chabbt. Bessie FUlmore, and Mrs. Jatk
Valentine, Mrs.- Phillip .Clay and Mrs.- Irving
Burrell. . . - ' ' : "-;.'■.
• ■-.•■•.
The studio of Mrs. Blake-Alverson, at : 118
Eleventh street, was the scene of a rather re
markable musicale recently.- It was in honor
of Madame Annie Tregear. a one time pupil
of Mra. Blake-Alverson,' who has startleJ
tho muclcal world by her unusual range— over
three octaves. The. now venerable teacher was
the first to discover the wonderful qualities
of .Madame Tregear's voice and was her first
instructor.
'Mrs. Blake-Alverson's guests enjoyed a rare
treat while listening to .Madame Tregear. who
sang two numbers written especially for her.
Mrs. Jennie Ward Hays, a composer of con
siderable ability, played .and tlwn the former
teacher and pupil joined their voices In a
duo. Mrs. Blake-Alverson was. In her youth,
one of California's best contralto slngerV, and
now. - though three score years and ten have
whitened her halr ; they have lightly touched
the still sweet, full tones.
Madame Tregear has gone to Europe to Join
Coun 1 . rte Monte Acuto in- a concert tour.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 30.— Misa Belle Garrette,
Mrs. Waldo Parkhurst and Mrs. E. Y. Gar
rette of this city are touring the Eastern States
and at present are visiting friends in New
York City.
Mrs. E. D. Ells of this city and Miss Ida
Hamor of Boston are spending a few days
with relatives at Sacramento.
The Halcyon Whist Club gave a dinner last
evening at Its rooms, 2229 San Antonio avenue.
Following the feast cards were played, the
winners being Miss Lottie Hopkins. William
Bolte B. L. Fisher and Mrs. John Nobmann Jr.
Miss Edna Waynllre is down from ' Steklyou
County to spend the holidays with her parents.
Judge and Mrs. James A. Waymire. at* their
home here. • Miss Waymire will go north after
Christmas. •-.•■■ *■'■'''-■ "'_■■'" \J' r ,.
Superintendent of Schools Fred T. . Moore has
returned from Stockton, where he attended
the San Joaquln County Teachers' Institute
and read a paper on "Grammar School Prob
■- ■ Mrs. H. I. Johnson of Waltham. Mass.. is
the guest of her brother, M. L. Culver of 1186
Park avenue. She plans to pass the ■ winter
in Alameda.
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Powell entertained Sat
urday evening at their home on Cedar street
in honor of the second anniversary of . their
wedding. ' Authors, 500 and Monkey Donation
Game were played during the evening, the
prlre winners In the respective pastimes being
Mrs. Pesoli, Mrs. Plummer and Mrs. Nissen.
Harmonie Hall was the scene Saturday night
of a reception and ball held by the Commercial
Alumni of the Alameda High School. On the
reception committee were Miss Elsie Woodln
Mies Vera Tupper. . Miss Irma Kirk and Miss
Bessie Thrane. - - F. H. Warren acted as floor
manager, and the committee of arrangements
consisted of Miss Alma Buhr, Arthur Rlenhold
and Mrs. Mary . Dlckson. ■
No Complaints From" Shannon.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30.— Policeman
Shannon was urged again to-day .by
Police Commissioner F. C. Turner to
swear to complaints in the dismissed
patrolmen's' cases, • but he still hesi
tated. Turner ..announced to-night
that the matter had nofbeen' dropped.
. = PIONEER PASSES AWAY.— Oakland, Nov.
30. — W. . B. - Ingersoll, a pioneer, of this State,
and one of; the first photographers of Oakland,
died i to-day . at a local hospital. He was
soventy \ years . of " : age ; and : had * been ;: ill . f<»r
only: two weeks. .: He was official photograph«r
: or the Oakland , Police Department for. years.'. "
DAVID LORING
PASSES AWAY
Noted Director of 3Iusie
Succumbs to Violent At
tack/ of Heart Failure
CLUBS WILL MISS HIM
Career of Man Whose Name
Was Household .Word in
All Musical Circles of State
Barkeli/ Office Sa.n Francisco Call,
.2143 Center Street, Nov. -30.
•IVfter a battle for ten days with an.
attack of heart disease David W. Lor
ing, known to music loverti' of tne West
as an enthusiast and successful pro
moter of musical clubs, died this morn
ing at his. home on Dana street and
Channing way.* Mr. Lqring was the
'founder of the Loring Club of San
Francisco^-a men's" singing society or-
ganized twent-y^seven years' ago'. Other
musical societies owe their existence to
him, and- many, musicians accord • to
the. dead man the tribute of acknowl7
edging .that he was responsible for the
beginning of their sirccess/in the ■ field
of music. His name was a household
word .wherever -musical affairs .were
und«r consideration, ■ and he" himself
was. generally- beloved of the folk mu-
sically inclined. "• K"j::'i/,v-.
' Mr. Loring was -forced to leave his
desk irt the offices of the Continental
Building. and Loan. Association of San
Francisco, which- corporation he served
as- assistant secretarly, j about two
weeks, ago. His heart weakened- and
for ten days- he Jay partly, unconscious,
Covering'-. between life and death. •■
. Mr. Loring was born in Boston sixty
eight years, ago..' It-, was at his home
in Boston that ; the famous Apollo
Society . was organized.. ' He came to
the Pacific Coast in 1877 and had been
identified in turn with .'the Horace
Davis Flour .Company, the Bank of
California and the Continental Build
ing and Loan Association. ; After' he
organized- the Loring Club twenty*
seven -years ago he. never missed one
of its weekly rehearsals or concerts,
where he acted as director; except for
a period of two years in 1895, when, he.
went to Japan? • "".... - '
His other work, the organizing of the
Women's Choral Society of San Fran^
Cisco, the old Schumann Club, had. a
ten years' life, which terminated when
Mr. Loring went to Japan.
For five years, ' since 1899, he was
the director. of the University of Cali
fornia Women's Choral Society, which
he founded. -^ : •'• . " ". -.- ,..- v : "• ,,:•
The family' whfeh. survives. him con
sists of", a widow and' five children,
these being Frescott -Loring of Chicago,
Mrs. Charles Lowe •• of Berkeley, Miss
Frances H. "Lqring of New York, Miss
Ruth; W. ; Loiing.«9f Berkeley and Con
rad .Loring. o.f'.th^ TJriiversUy of Cali
fornia!.- •: . .'■•■:."..•■ •■;.. ; . ' / .
HUSBAND WINS
DIVORCE SUIT
Ross Vaii II(jrn- Is Given
Decree,: but Is- Made to
Pay Dearly for Victory
Oakland Office: San Francisco Call
•: . 1016 Broadway; Nov. 30.
Ross Van Horn, farmer principal .of
the San Rafael schools, was granted
a divorce this evening by Judge* Og
den from his wjfe, Marion Van Horn,
on account of her undue intimacy with
Adolph Knopf, a : student of the Uni
versity of California, who lives in. San
•Francisco." Trie case. .has been bit
terly fought and has been- on trial for
three " weeks.. ". Mrs. Van Horn's
brother. Judge Bell of Seattle, with
Judge J ; J. McCaff ery of the same city,
came down to defend his sister against
the charge, but. fn -summing up the
evidence Judge Ogden stated that the
testimony was overwhelmingly against
her.' • *
There, was a painful scene in court
during the rendering of the decision
by Judge Ogden,' Van Horn and his
wife were both there and heard the
words by which both were condemned.
Van Horn, according to the opinion of
the Judge, had not been the sympa
thetic husband of his wife that, he
should have been. She, Judge' Ogden
believed, had- been- led away by the
sympathy and blandishments of
Knopf, who came in for a grilling at
the hands of the Judge for having
stayed in the house when Van Horn
had protested 'against his being there.
There are two children, a boy. and
a girl. • Marion, the girl, was given
into the" custody of the mother,' while
•the boy, Willis, was given to the
father. . Mrs. Van Horn was given the
household furniture at her home at
22 2 2. Bancroft way, and Van Horn was
also mad.e to pay nearly $400 in coun
sel fees and costs for his wife's attor
neys, besides thfe fees of his own at
torneys, James A. Johnson and George
M. Shaw. ' -
Wants 'Rosenk's Gold.
OAKLAND, Nov. 30. — Suit was be
gun to-day by Mrs. Katherln^Grasso
against the estate of the late Dr. Gus
tav Rosenk to recover J41O*0 she al
leges is due her for services ren
dered him during his lifetime. Shu
was his nurse and housekeeper for
seventeen years, and says he promised
her the money found in his Jbureau.
He left an estate valued at about $50,
000, and there was $4100 in gold
found in 'his bureau, which* she
claims. -
FEDERAL CONTROL S"OR PARK.—Oak
land. Nov. 30. — The Merchants' Exchange of
Oakland has gone on record In favor of hav
ing the Yoeemite Valley returned to the T*S
eral Government. At the request of .the State
Board of Trade the exchange conatdefeg thm
matter and finally adopted resolution* Whlcla
will be sent to the : State and F«4*rat 2 O«V.
V^!eT. faVOr t * i *»?***«
BRANCH OFFICES.
OF THE ;CALL IN •
ALAMEQA COTJOTY
. OAKLAND^ .."••*. n* '
'01 C Broadway. . .V.~ j
Telephone Main 10SX. ' /
BERKELEY.
. 2148 Center Street.
• Telephone North 77.- '.'. - -
■SB ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
R.EAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. ' * AJaiheda County. '*■;....
'„. WEDNESDAY.-. NOVEMBER' 30." '
George E. and> Lizzie K. Faw to A*. H. Pratt
and J. T. Robinson, lot. on-SW corner .oS Tenth
and Alice strefcts.\w 15O by ?. 10O. lots 12 to IS.
block 122, Kellersberger's map. .Oakland; $10.
Ada A. and John N. Bishop, to Ira Vaughan.
lot on 3 tin* of West Twelfth street. 105 "W of
Peralta,"W 31 by "rf 110. blocs 713. Boardmana
map. Oakland; •.♦"10.
Prank and Lena B. McCowan to Patrick if>--
Donough. lot. on K line of Hannah 'street. 500
N of B, E 133. N 33. W 133:2V-,. 3 27. i»in«
subdivision A. let 6, block 70S. map 2, Wan*
Tract. Oakland; also lot on W. line of. HorUn
•treet. 441:9 N of Peralta.-X 50 by W 135. be
ing subdivisions C and D of lot 8. block 802,
same map. Oakland; (10. • > ■'•>'.
The Realty Syndicate to Emily Ritchie 8mlth
(wife of Stelderi C), lot 2«. block B, map No. 1.
Highland Terrace • (except portion lying SW of
line parallel to and distant at right angles 17.19
NE from SW boundary of .said lot 2tf). Oak
land; also lots 27 and 2S'. block B, .>ara« map
(except . portion i lying " J»E of lln© parallel to
and distant at right 'angles 5 SW • from NE
boundary line of said lot ZS), Oakland; 910,
J. H. and Agnes A. Simpson to Jennia F-
Zari (wife of frank), lot on N line of Brock
hurst street. 233. £5 W of Grove, N 100.80 by
W.35,' block K, map- showing remaining prop
erty Centra] Land Company. In blocks F.'and
G. Oakland (deed made to coYreci.. description,
92? D. 271); JIT) . *. .
TKomao V. I>yer- (single) to WllKam E'ahd
Anna M. Whalirf (wife), lot on N line of Les-.
te'r av«?nu«. 478-15 W ot. Newton avenue, W. 45.
N 204:5. E 40-.3. S 13«J to 'beginning, being W
half of lot X- block E.- Pera'lta Heights; East
Oakland; $10. - . •-• •• ". : ;-
Albert H. and Alice D. Otis (Dyer) to Co*
Seed Company (corporation), subdivision- 3 ot
lot 35. map. *. Glen Echo Tract. Oakland
Township; $000. • -.'.-...■•..'•
Ellert W. Coil (widow)' to- H. H. and • Mary
' ETpise. Dobbins lot on SW corner of Warring
and . Kearney, streets." S V20 by-W 135. .lot J.
block «.- property of John Kearney, near Stat«
University, portion of plat 78-. • Berkeley; $10.
' Alice C- and Charles A. Bailey (by. Ray
mond H. Bailey, his attorney) to F. • Moody
(remme sole), !ot on SE corner of Parker
and Sacramento streets. E 250 by S 132:6. Ion
1 to 10. block: 34. map of resubdlvlston • . of
Smith's subdivision. Mathews Tract. Berke
ley: fio. . . ■.-:•• • •••.- • ■■ ...
''Laura M. Bond (widow) to 3. S.- Glllespie.
lot on W line of Peralta street. 25. 8 from NE
corner- of tot 14. S 25. W 81. -N 25. E' 8S to
beginning, portion of lots- 14- and 15; bloch
49&, Gibbons property at Oakjand Point, Oak.
land; $10. • ' . • • ■ ' • ' •
. BWla and Ern«"»t R.' Ullenlhal to I*natiu*
Sihatek. lot on 9 line of Eighth itrctt, IU:'.
SV or CamobeH,- W 37 :ii by & 15«. lot itt ami
W half of lot 17.' block 520. rasserly Tract at
Point. Oakland: $10. : -'
Selma C. J. Cal and Grace A. Ewln«.»n<i
J.. F. Campbell (by. John N.. Bishop. Sheriff I
to' Mary F. Arnold, all Interest in lot Cn. ■ W
line of Alice street B36 N- of Twelfth; N-.Vi 1
by W 150; bloc* 2134. Oakland: $10ftl. . •
Dell C. and F: J.- Woodward (husband rfnc
a- attorney) to'H. C. Morris, lot 1. portirtr
lot 2... lots* 9. to 15'. portion' lot' 22. lots 23. 2f
to-- 3-S- portion Jot 42. lots 43 and 44 "and- S
2<* feet lot 45.' ..map American- Investment
Union Tract No.: i. as recorded. Oakland, quit
claim deed; $1.:- •■ '••. . ' •• .-' '•- . •
; Same to same, lot on N lin«? of -Ruby street
at Intersection with W line .of. lot 1. E 45 bj
N/ 100; lot 1 arrid portion lot '2,-' map Americar
Investment Union Tract- ?^».' 1. Oakland; alst
lot ' on N line of Ruby street. ' 200. ■ E • 9f in
tersection : with-W boundary line lot I, '£5 -4f
by-N'lOO. lot 9' -and portion lot 10. same" map
Oakland ;• also lot on N- line of Ruby ■ street'
240 E of intersection with said-' W line of lot
1. E 40 by N.i00 ; . portion' lots 10. .12 and a!
tot 11, same map.- Oakland; .'also lot-, oh I
lino of Pearl street. 12i.H0 S- of- Ruby. F
112:11, -"N 42. W .108, S 42.. lot 23. and- portlo
lr,t ' 22,'.. same map. Oakland; also let on i.
line of Peart street. 288.."U! S Of Rtfby, E 12S
9' 37, W to E. line' of Pearl street. l|H S5 t(
bteinnin*. portion Tots 3O and '31. saine.map
Oakland; also- lot on E .line of Pearl, street
356.6S S of Ruby, E.107,' S.37.-.W 96. N 35
portion lots 33- and 34, same map; Oakland; $5
George K. and. Bessie M. Hollcway to -H. F.
Clarrage, lot on W line of Shattuck avenu«,
125.25 S of Woolsey. ..W 110.31. ' 8- 85.55.,
E 107.67. N 64.95.' lot -5 and 8 30 feet of lot'. 4,
Berkeley Park. Oakland; $10. . : • . • •
• A'. J. Snyder. to A; J. Shepardaon and- Josepti
T. Hlnch,- lot .on N line of Felton' street. 1 2M
W of ' Paradise.- '.W 105 by N 131. portion .. ol
lots 18. 1» and. 20.' block B Paradise Park
(d*ed given to correct error in title.. 988 D.: 1)
Oakland: $10. .••••• . .- • ■ ' • . ~ . ..
- Ira and Charlotte A. Vaughan to Antpne
Vielra. lot on' W line of Henry street. 113 N
of Fifth. N 25' by W 125; S 88.- E 75, N 1.1,
E 50, lot 11 apd portion- of lots' 8." 7 and S,
"block 496. map of resubdrvtsion' of city blocks
494.-495 and 496. Oakland; = $10. '
■Ellen Xontasue (widow)" to Alic? Xthror
(widow), lot o.ri K Use of Oak street. 75 S ot
Sixth. S 25 by, E 10O. lot 5, Block 132. Dlllor
property. Oakland; $1O. . .
Jose .Camacho '(widower) to Fel«mena-8warti
(widow) lot on N lln« of Second street, 12^
E of Brush. E'25'by N "ICO. lot 26. block. 24
Kelier?berger's map, Oakland; $10.
Charles Sladky (single) to Susanah O.'Whlte^
head (widow.), lot on S line of Moss avenue
100.67 W of Gold. W. 37 by 8 115
portion of lot»-102. 1Q2H. 103 tb 106. amended
map of subdivision of MoqSwood Tract. Oak
laffd; $10. - ' • ' '
• J. ' C- and Mary E. McMullen to Elizabeth
F. Spitler.' lot. 14. block 1, Orove-street Lln«
Berkeley: *10.
Jennie H.'. and .Jr.** Ramon Pico to Andre*
A. and Gertrude M. Frank (wlfe)_ lot on W
"line of R«g«nt street. 43 N of Enclnal avenue
N 41 by W 118:1O lot 2, block «. Chei"^
.Tract. Alarrleda: flO. • .
WIFE OP- "DANXY" SWEEXEY
. IS ALLOWED A DIVORCE
Other Unhappy Couples Win Relief
in the Courts and Arc Freed
From UnconjienJal Mates. '
Oakland, Nov. 30. — May e.
Sweeney was granted a divorce this
afternoon from Daniel J. Sweeney,
the old-time midget Oakland baseball
player, who. It is alleged, deserted, her
In Louisville." Ky. ' ' ■ '
Because he smoked his pipe until
the smoke made her sick, and because
of other acts of a like nature. -Anita
G. McCabe proved to the- satisfaction
of Judge Melvin that George H.
Cabe no longer had any affection for
her, and she was granted a divorce on
the ground of cruelty. "
John M. Byrne was granted a di
vorce from Helen C. Byrne on the
ground of desertion, as she refused
to leave her home In Massachusetts
and come to California with him
Mary L. Bardellini was granted a
divorce from Joseph B. Bardellini on
the. ground of desertion, and he was
ordered to pay her $25 a month ali
mony.
Suits for divorce were begun to-day
by Amos W. Johnson against Janet
S. Johnson for cruelty, and May Flynn
against James Flynn, also for cruelty.
PIES SUDDENLY -Oakland - ov .10 — .
thur ¦ Walsh.. • 17 year-, old. a ; t «an£ter'' *?,£
suddenly at neon to-day at hia re^dencV 8-1
Uydla street.. Tub^rrulosi 3 caused his dea'th
FREE FREE 'FREE
WITH .
SUNDAY CALL
• 7 . SMALL ADS.
- " •— Wjf
■ . # " ' V.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Small Ad. Page for FurtherOLD OTOMITE CAPITAL
LOCATES IN MEXICO
mOSTCIT Y FO UND BY EXPLORERS
Tell the Story of the, Progress and. Powei^pf the
:.:-;:W- \y- : '' ;';."•• Tribe in Days §^g;;(3pne^fe.?-
.. eORL«OVA. Mexico. Xor. SC.— A par
ty' 'of . jive Americar.s. while exploring
th« wilds of-.a remote and mountainous
re^loa "cf." ihe ' Stiie cf Ve*ra Cru*; • re
centjy 'discovered 'the "lost city • of
Te.ayo, which wee the arcient "capital
Ot'jSur: 'Gtofelte kingdom. . Archaeoib-
Sir.ta h?vfe beeir hunting: for".thi» city
for *nar»,than'SC^. 'year's. It was that
.Ions' ago when'. ft became lost'to civ.Il
l2>*4 rh&a. ■'Th.kre- 'Were ab-jrdant tra
<!Wo5i'tear legen'iiV. that the 'ruins of
th"e\;orw:'e posr<»rful Otortilte capital ex
isted d.n.feiatern.MextcQ,.b"Jt tlr? rnauy
csccsffltloni which. 1 we.nf.;in er&rch'yt it
ta-5 a .fruitless'- JtuesC* .' ■ , '■ ■.'>_ : • V ;
; *TK* ; A7ner?car.s who made. the. rectfnt
<;j? pcr^.rr •»«:■!? Georj?e.I#? well' Roberts,
ilerSe.rt .dfrjiy., Thcrr-a.s. Walls. . f\ L.
*'■£&.' iKbpcsfi and- L*twrence .'liae<3reffor.
T6eX*"I*f3f here:a!ccQmpanie/I.bv Mexi
c'a'ri,-gtii.de?.{.;ih*; particular' object .of
t-n^' -trip' -being ' .to-' investigate [ rppc'rts
£#'thj» /c'xistreh'c.- .of -;ccal "dep.osits» iti a
,dr£ta^t'.par;t;c;. <h.e .ctcJ-e.-; Whe.n- they.
Tj*a-€.h.e.ff ■ the .."Otornite" • -territory,' . where
■t-his-tew'^reni'nSntS of th'e once powerful
jrifojjif Ind-lahs .'o'i that' name .ma'ke
tiiisir'-. : h6rn.e. . the ".tra.v<*Ie'rjp • were ...fonu
h&te-.<r.pu£h. to : 'find;andiorcit.e. Indian
who .iia-d' ■se'n-.ei -as : a -soldier . in' the
Mexican afmyfandjcodd talk Spanish.
-this- Indian to- guide
thftp'ifcrbugh. th<? O.tomite" district. " .
\ ' : oome iiyro view.
•■\Thff :: . pj^rt-r ■•'•found .'no coal wh«_re it
£;es,:Eaid/t<t exist a"nd they, resolved, to'
•; joijrhey Into the wilds
f.4r:-.th,e-.p'Jrp.*se- .of seeing-, w hit' they
fci£h;tr discover.- Guided by the Otomite
I jyii'^.ii.itiiej. 5 -'. traveled, over ; mountains
aiidf *hr3Jieh .ji.ense 'jungles of tropical
'crests, for "fourteen- days. They>c&zn6
fc&cs.-a • rjurdber of. »:iiall settlements. of
r»tQsiit : eisdians,:'ar.d but for the fact
t;hat-thfir.'gTiide. interceded in their be-.
h'plf-thVy. would have met withahos
(ilie•: ifl.ciriptistra.tibn. at the . -nanfls of
Lhes«:- 755iijv.es. They- were the first
v hitemen to pvpfcetrate the region and
ihVir'-: appearance was'- a sensational
the Indians,' who have never
gC$cniti£d' t-o or acknowledged the au
[.K/^nty! of 'the Mexican* (Government
'ver Them. The Otcmites proudly boast
FORTUNE LEFT
TO HUMBLE MEN
Ufotlicrs of Late Mrs. Chabot
■i :'of -'OaklinOlade Rich by
: ilie Terin< -of Her -Will
• • E,-*rial D.erstch '.o Tfce Ca!i.
.••■.LyyN.- J.lai«.." Nov: 30.— E, L. Bach
.:ier,\N. JV Bachler an<J. H. J. Bachler,
.••brother?, of this city, has -Just come
• idtq a JjO0.C*y> estate left by their sis
v.ter. Xrs. Mary" Chabot of Oakland,
. f.aT.,"the wrdow of .Anthony Chabot, a
". wealthy lard owner, and the founder
■;a'nd'. principal owner of the Contra
■' C<ysi.A. fVater Company. Mrs. Chabot's
■•^f>dx was brought Efi*t this week and
: : ;"J^ :•!*••' Bachler has : been for many
.; : i?a'r> -emRloyed An a Lynn dry -goods
£tc;p?, while N". J. Bachler is a salesman
• foV-4 nholesaie grocery- house In Bos
•y}r!.. ■'Herbert Bachler is now a shoe
' cutter ■'< in- a LjrcXn factory. Edward
jBaeh'er" has left his position to settle
.the <f;s;a.te aad the three will continue
. to iri.ake fhetr homes' in Lynn.
I>e.hniaris, Agrees to Conference.
";.yrASHh>GTOX. Xov. 30. — Den
rhark- has Informally accepted the in
.citation" of the President to the pow
ers, to reassemble in a second confer
ee?* at The Hague.
SIOIC HEADACHE
1 : = — jPositirely cured by
nADTTDO lhese ittle puls «
vMlil Li\W TJier a^o re^eTO DJs-
Bpag tress Ires DrsT^ps!^ Ia-
s^P ITTLE Clsestlon asd Too Hearty
1 1/ p ffj Ea'tirs.. A perfect rcm-
g I V Cm t\ cCxforDIr:laess.5:acs«.
E PfLLSs Drows^iess, Bad Teste
J^ EM * ta: tie lloctli. Ctesed
-Tcz g^e. Pain la tlie Slic,
-. '.TOSPID LTVZR. They
rer^e tie.Bcwei Purely Vegetsile; - ■ -
SMiaFiLL SimlDOSE. SMALL PRICE.
•CARTERSl CIRE SICK HEAUACms.,/
GfiSBLTe Must Bear
B LXF? Fas-Simile Signatory
rtviair DR. JORDAN'S orc*t4
OF AHATOHY^
0 U Si* h £? " «MAK-D!SEASES CF KEN A
j. tfs^bfB fret *n£ fw«. priw* \
6 l j&« g LjTi" < > 1 v"-' M '- r " t» Utf. a A
U i * \\Y w^-" f 7.^?S- PH " L »»«^«'r.«f A
i ll 3taei*6c, MAtLca raas. (a.t
A jj. [§• ' *« J»i « bmCM. <ar vt| ■ \
V DB. JO ED A > A «:t> . 1X1 Msrtet St.. 3. T.Y
C 4^^^^
Sjgg&S&dL HENAKDWQMEBr.
<5w^^Vrxrv^S "Cm EUGforoaE»tcr»i.
fitfcf bluia^W dUch*.r«t*4n^»a»aati«ot.
Afiprf &u.'uv«« il lrrattiact or clcfr«t!ca»
frur Mtmuiwn. oJ mocoat cimUtitt.
{m-j 'T'"*,?"* 11 "' Psial«i«. aad B»t a«trla.
naVl^ETHtOgsICliC*. ■ (eat or poUoaona.
\3wW fctwa. JK3r «r sent Is plaia wnwr.
/yMgia^ J^rff tT exprei*, prer«I«. i«
V\l-^SSKvrB KM. or I t»ttl—t2.:i.
Special Dispatch . to The Call.
that .they, are 6tilX. tincoh«ia«r»<J;";.-' ,■".'•
;On the fourteenth «?aj*^ t.tie Arn'prtcans;
came within sight. of the; city .ql Tjeayo'.':
atention .when fotne. Mistahce -iaway,
; from;lhe city. The Otonil.te pulde jvent;
forward and o.btained. perrnlssion .f rpin :
the. Inhabitants • of -the j ruined; !ci^y--fpr '
tfce. Americans to enter.:. They,
several days Viewing; the ruins of .the.'
ancient capUal.'-nhich in the days of Its
elo'ry had a population of not less than
500 ; 000 people.... They, obtained a laree
niinber of ?ood photographai of the
different ruins and yJews'of the city.
• These' jphoto^raphs 'Include hiero
rl>Th!cs which exist. in the city. It* is
believe/, .that -when these" hieroglyphics
are " deciphered .«th»y will show that a
discovery of gTeat archaeological value
has been njade. •. . 'VJ
TEIXS TALE OF THE PAST. .
- In an 'interview one of the .members
j of the party -of explorers? gave the *fol
| losing description of the ruined city:
'The sacrificial to we?, which now
rises sixty-five feet above grosnd,'for
merly had an' altitude r.f more than*
100. feet, it has been reduced in height
by- the erosio.n of the centuries. There
are gTeat quantities of stones detached
from it scattered over the ground 'at
Its base. "When the great age of this
pyramid or -tower is • considered it. is
the beet preserved monument 1 .of Mex
ican antiquity known -to exist. • At the
base of t.he. tower the- north and south
sides -are- sixty-five feet wide. atfd. the
east and- west sides are seventy-five
f*?f wide. A stone stairway thirty feet
wide Fu.ns up the tower on the- *ast
eide. It is estimated that at least 40,
000' tons of material were used in con
structing this monument. •
•"Another interesting feature of the
ancient city is the great central under
ground .chamber. The Otomites con
structed underground thoroughfares
.through all parts of the ctiy.-and many
of these dark and gloomy passages' and
chambers- are- still In a good stare of
preservation. This Eystem of under
ground thoroughfares radiated from the
sacrificial tower. . I Many at them are
walled with s.tone, upon which- the
h¥»mir1fnl wnrk nf th» R/»tilr»t«-»t- i'a Ktill
HUSBAND FILES
DIVORCE SUIT
Lays Claim to Fortune Left
l>y AVife Who Had Sought
Separation From Spouse
Special Dispatch to" The CalL
•SAX BERNARDINO, Xov. SO.— One
of the most sensational divorce suits
ever filed in this county, both by rea-
I son of the prominence of the partjes
j interested and the facts In the case,
j has just been changed by the death of
the petitioner, Mrs. May Florence
! Johns Dewey, into a bitter will con-
J test, involving about $200,000. "
Addison Chester • Dewey - l »^l Miss
Johns were married in Los A.n&eles six
years ago and took up their residence
at Upland, in this county. At about
the time of the marriage,. H. Robert
son, who claimed to have adopted Mrs.
Dewey as his daughter, presented her
with $35,000, but this did not become
known to the husband for some time.-
About two years later Robertson, who
was then 70 years of age, went to live
with the Deweys. The. husband ob
jected in vain .and quarreling began.
Last July Mr. and Mrs. Dewey agreed
to separate. He rented her the house
they had occupied in common and built
for himself another immediately at the
rear. This proved unsatisfactory to the
wife and she filed suit for divorce on
the 17th instant.
Last Tuesday was the last day on
which Dewey might have filed an an
swer, but the news of the wife's death
came before it could be learned whether
he meant to default. ;
Robertson, the cause of the estrange
! ment, <Jied in June of last year, but the
': sisters of the dead woman had been
I with her, Dewey claims, during the
I preceding month of May and kept alive
her resolution to apply for a divorce.
Y."hen the complaint' was filed it
charged that Dewey had threatened to
shoot his wife. . •
The petition for probate filed this
forenoon by Mrs. Gertrude Johns Har
kinson, Mrs. Dewey's sister, before the
funeral of Mrs. Dewey, sets forth that
the sisters and brothers of the decedent
are made sole devisees by a will which
was executed in May last, the Umo
Dewey gives as the period of the visit
by the sisters. Dewey was in this city
to-day and the forenoon had not passed
before an atto'rney had taken the" pre
liminary steps to contest the will,
which' cuts off the husband.
Among the sisters mentioned in the
petition are Eddie Eleanor Johns and
Mattte Johns of San Francisco. The? re
mainder bf the family are living in
Powellton and Napa. ]
Western Postal Changes.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 30. — The fol
lowing- postmasters were appointed to
day: California — Hattie B. Hanson, at
Cornwall. Contra ' Costa. County;": Ly
raan O..*Calkins, at Inglew'ood, Los An
geles County; John L- ''Call, ft Moneta,
Los Angreles County; Samuel «^. Mar
shall, at Oak Run, 'Shasta County.
Alaska- — Mrs. R. M. Solomon, at Kee
walik. _ Oregon — James Devine, at
Ozalea, ' Douglas County. One carrier
is allowed for the free delivery at
Eureka, Cal. John W. Foote has been
designated as : a member of the Civil
Service* Board for the postofflce at San
Diego* 5EH9HI "
vTHE.- SAN FRANCISCO: CAtX, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1. 1904.
.tb/.be seen./.-. •■•;•■•■.■ " \
.-• '• "I.Vsaw .underground chambers which
■ : were^fllled -.witti skeletons of men said
.to -have - been the-, victims of religious
rites.': ■TheMabjlrlnth of . underground
passages; [chambers and vaults will
■prdbabi j" '.-re'veil ■ a great store of ln
rprmatlon;bearing on the 'past history
■«>f ;■ the;- Otomites when properly explor
yd-;andiayesttgated. • One of these sub
terranean passages runs from .the cen
ter of the city to a surface opening in
the face. of a cliff, seven. miles distant.
It Is said. thai no one has entered this
mysterious passage for many decades.
It. was. used . to provide the imperial
family a" means of exit rrom the cap
ital in time of emergency.
"The anc>?nt Otomites excelled the
Aztecs In sculptural art, as is shown
by tile s^ple'ndid expressions of the
human face on stone wrought by the
Otomites as compared with that of the
Aztecs. " The- tomb of Tlacftimoc, the.
last of th'e Emperors of the Otomites,
Is one of" the things of interest which
we -saw at Teayo. The tomb has a
raised cover, upon which t*.vo sphinx
like figures stand' like guards over the^
pagan ruler. »• *A "cross of mahogany,*
erected in receRt .years, surmounts the
cover. ' ;»1-: _J
. • : \\1IAT STONES REVEAL.
"At -each corner of the "paved area
over the tomb stands a sculptured s.tqne
iaken from some ancient lodging place
to do honor to the memory of .the dead
Emperor. One of these stones Is eight
feet high and Is covered with allegor
ical flugres,. inscriptions and hiero
glyphics; another of the stones repre
sents a prince, a third a wise man and
the fourth, a woro.an, who Is minus her
head.
"The Otomltes.'sacrificed the lives of '<
their victims by easting their bodies j
frqm tha top of the tower through the j
hole which formed the center of the
structure from top" to bottom. The bod
ies fell into the subterranean passage
under the tower. Otomit" Indians are
pf li.sht complexion. In the days of
their power they were well advanced
in civllizatio-n." • *
The Mexican. Government wiil send
an expedition of archaeologists to thor
oughly explore these ancient ruins. j
LOCAL CAPITAL
IN A BIG DEAL
Martiri-De Sabla Syndicate
Buys Eich Dredging Prop
erty on the Yuba River
Special Dispatch to The CalL
MARYS VILLE, Xov. 30. — The most
important mining deal effected in
this section of "the State since the'
consolidation of the Hammon proper
ties, was completed here to-day when
John Martin and Eugene de S^bla
and several of- their associates in the.
electric- enterprises in Xorthern'Cali
fornia secured possession of 1200
acres 'of dredger land on the Yuba
River* a few miles north of Marys
ville. The property was owned by R.
D. Cranston and his associates^ with
whom Jo"hn Martin has-been negotiat
ing for a number of months. The
land has been thoroughly* examined
and proved up and Is regarded fas the
most "valuable dredger mining-, land
along the Tuba outside the holdings
of the -Hammon Company, which are
•just north of the former.
It was announced here to-day by
representatives of the Martin-De
Sab.fa comblnatfon that the purchas
ers prefpoae beginning work on the
property as soon as the necessary
dredgers can be put in operation.
Two big dredging machines have been
ordered and seven more are to be
contracted for within the next few
months.' The purchasers are now pre
paring to incorporate a million dollar
company, for which San Francisco
and Eastern capital ha3 already been
pledged.
DESIRE TO ENTERTAIN
« THE NEXT CONVENTION*
Portland Citizens Extend an Invitation
to Association or Traveling Pas
senger Agents.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 30.— The
delegates from Portland and Puget
Sound to the annual convention of the
American Association of Traveling
Passenger Agents at the City of Mex
ico left this city to-day for San Fran
cisco In. a special car. The Portland
delegation bears-^he invitations of the
Governor of Oregon, city of Portland,
the Oregon Commission, the Lewis
and Clark Exposition and the com
mercial bodies of this city to the as
sociation inviting it to hold the annual
convention next year in Portland dur
ing the Lewis and Clark Fair.
Keceives Severe Electric Shock
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 30.— A peculiar
accident happened to Assistant
Cashier. "Edwards of the Santa Rosa
Savings Bank to-day. He suffered a
severe electric shock 'while handling
an electric light connection, at' the
same time holding the gas chanda
lier. When, the current was cut off
the Wanker was almost rigid. He was
able to resume his duties some time
afterward and suffered no ill effects.
Body of Drowned Clejcyman Found.
-SAN DIEGO, Nov. 30. — The body
of the Rev. Dr..R. B. Taylor, pastor
of the First Presbyterian Church . in
this city, who Vfas drowned in" the bay
more than. a week ago, was found to
day on the Coronado shore of the bay.
Dr. Taylor lost his life by falling over
board from a sailboat ";i^j^^^^
MINES NEEDED
FOR HARBORS
General Story Points . Out
That Coast Defenses Lack
in Important Particular
ALSO SHORT IX MEN
Annual Eeport Indicates tlie
Changes Which Must Be
Made in Service at Once
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30. — Brigadier
General Story, chief of artilllery, U.
jS. A., in his annual report to General
i Chaff ee, {he chief of staff, •dwells
! upon- what he regards as the most
i urgent demands of the coast defenses.
(He says that the best and most econ
| omical use of the entire armament for
i tne coast requires one complete relief
i to man each and every element of de
! fevise. He adds:
: "It is inconceivable that Congress.
; after appropriating millions for na
| tional defense, would be^ willing, if its
i attention were drawn to the fact, to
i leave this defense Ineffective for want
I of a proper organization to ma.n and
! conduct it." - Cv'
j He says that if torpedoes are co
; operated with proper armament, as at
j Port_ Arthur and Vladivostok, it is not
j probable that' any enemy, however en
i terprising, would attemjjt to force the
j line of defense.
| "To secure at the present time." he
continues, "the greatest measure of
j national safety at the least the
i entire torpedo «\efe"nse of our. harbors
should be at onc«! made "complete, and
it would be. criminal neglect if I did
not urge as earnestly" as I can the im
mediate completion of the torpedo de
fense of all our fortified ports. To-*
day this defense is lamentably de
ficient, both in material and person
nel^
"If we were suddenly confronted by
war no amount of money* could pro
cure submarine mines in time to be bf
strvlce for our harbor defense."
The Teport further says that even
with complete material for torpedo j
1 defense it is -practically valueless with- j
! out a trained personnel, carefully in-"
; structed .in its operation, and that to- j
day we are substantially without such'i
a force. . Only 400 men can be" as- j
signed, he says, for a service requiring
about 5000. :.*-":
The report adds: '
"It would be impossible if «we have
our position-finding equipment com
pletely installed for hostile vessels to
remain 10,000 or 12,000 meters from
our* batteries of twelve-Inch guns or
mortars for two or three hours and
not be destroyed. I regret, however,
to. have to say that even at this' day
most of our fortified harbors are not
better supplied with a position-finding
equipment than apparently is Port
Arthur.
JOSEPH LETTER -, IXDICTED •
BY ILtlXOIS -GRAND JURY
Charged With Having Imported
Armed' Men. Contrary to the.
* . ' State Low.
: DUQUOIX, 111., Xov. 30. — It be
came known here to-day that, three
weeks ago, Joseph Leiter was indicted
.on three counts on the charge of
bringing armed men Into the State,
contrary to a recently adopted statute.
Xo attempt has been made to serve
the capias or arrest Leiter because
State's Attorney Scott, who will re
tire, wishes to leave the case for his
successor
The punishment for the alleged of
fense is confinement In th.e pentiten
tiary for from one to five years, with
no fine as an alternative.
YOUTH SENT TO PRISON
FOR LIFE FOR ROBBERY
Seventeen- Year-Old Son of Respect
able Family Near Chicago Gets
Severe Sentence.
CHJCAGO, Nov. 30.— Orrin Cox, 17
years old, son of respectable parents
in Kensington, a suburb, has been sen
tenced to life imprisonment in Judge
Chalaln's court oh a charge of rob
bery. The severe penalty was inflicted
because Cox, when committing the
crime, was armed with a loaded re-
volver.
The crime for which he was con
victed was committed on September
16. Cox and two companions entered
a Chicago restaurant. Revolvers were
displayed and the customers robbed
under threats of death. The youthful
criminals se.cured $110 and made their
escape, but Cox was arrested soon af
terward. .
Justin Gates. Notary Public, has removed U
the Grant building. Seventh and Market sts. •
| JiARGE -BROKERAGE FIRM *
! OF LONDON CLOSES DOORS
Dealt Largely in the Provinces,
Where It Had Numerous
Branch Offices.
LONDON, Nov. 30. — The London
and Paris Exchange, which did a large
business In stocks, closed its offices in
London to-day. The management
promised to make a statement later.
The failure had no effect on the mar
ket. The exchange dealt ; largely in
the provinces, where small Investors
utilized its numerous "branch offices.
TRUSTEES ACCOUNT.— The second anneal
account of the Unifln Trust Company- as trusts«
of the estate of Marraretha Gleln shows the
payment during the past year of $2001 to each
of the four children of the deceased from tha
income cf the estate, : which Is worth S1S0.
0K> 09.
FREE FREE FREE*
SggpWITHliQf
'SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
\ BEAUTIFUL Si
. < SAUCER.
i Free With Every Small -Ad in.
'.-.-"-■ Sunday .CalL 1
See Small \ Ad " P.age^ f of -Further
MK^* .Particulars.
DENIAL MADE
BY PRESIDENT
States He Did Not Speak of
Unions as Quoted by Mem
ber of Citizens' Alliance
W0EK OF THE SESSION
Eesolutions Favor Measures
to Combat System. Which
! Limits the Apprentices
j. WASHINGTON, . Xov. 30.— It was
• authoritatively stated -at the "White
: House to-day that the President haa
no recollection of a visit from John Be
i attie, the representative . of the
*• Master Painters' and Decorators' Aa
' scociation, who, at the convention of
jtthe Citizens' Industrial- Association In
• New York to-day, declared that the
; President "had indorsed a r.Topoeltion
1-to put upon labor unions the respon
sibility for paralyzing business .by lock
.out. It. was also aji'nounced that t!«.e
j President did not roake the remark at
; tributed to him by^-'Beattie. •
| NEW YORK, Nov. 30.— Plans for or
| ganJzing the employers of labor in this
j country to -combat the labor unions
J-were Considered at to-day's. session of
! the- Citizens' Inlustrial Association
; Convention. . '
!• John Beattie, a -representative of the
Master Painters' and Decorators' As
j sociation, speaking o'f the labor situa
• tion in New York, said: Qft-ifi-
I "I do no£ want you- to think "tfcat the
f men of New York are held up with
j Etrings 'Willingly or lack sand. " "We
(have in this city an organization that
j has successfully fought ' the " labor
J unions. We organized our association
-eighteen months ago and made a strong
flgrht. We formed -an alliance with la
bor after a lockout lasting sixteen
weeks, which paralyzed business-
QUOTES THE- PRESIDENT.
"Recently I aSked President" Roose
velt as an American citizen to use his
Influence to_put the responsibility on
j labor unions, j and he said 'that's .the
1 thing that is needed.*',"
'I The report of the committee on resb
j lutions, which was adopted, again de- j
J Clares for .the open shop. It demands !
i only good, faith", and fair dealing and !
discriminates-against neither union nor ■
Independent labor. --'-'..'
Resolutions were adopted as follows: j
•Whereas, The limitation " which * the trades :
unions set upon tfc« number of apprentices In ■
any thop Is largely responsible for the dis- i
appearance ol skilled labor, is HestrucUve of
the Industry and is one of the greatest dis
turbing factors in th« Industrial development
of the country. In that it limits the- right of.
the individual to learn a trade; and.
Whersa?.. The effort made by the employer
to increase the number of apprentices In a
trade is necessarily hampered bv tne above ;
limitations; therefore, be it ■
Resolved That the Citizens' Industrial As- 1
sedation o! America recommends the establish- !
rmnt by boards of education of artisan schools :
u£d>r the control and direction of the State !
giving a diploma which shall be the evidence :
of yie right .to begin ■ to practice a trade j
, Resolved, further. That if be recommended
tit individual employers," so far as practicable, j
to establish training school* ln» their own
shops and as rapidly as possible to indrease
tho number cf apprentices desiring to learn •
thf trade.. • ;
Whereas. In his farewell address Georg* !
Washington declared a '"we.!! regulated militia !
necessary for national defense." and
.Wherea*. ' Organized : labor throughout the '
country seeka to . d:?.couragp and. practically!
prohibits membership in the State militia- '
tfcerefore.'be it • ' ' :'
••Resolved. That this arsoclatlon condemns
this policy of labor unions as disloyal and'
danrerous. . " .
TELLS OF SAX" FRA>*CISCO. !
James A. Emory, counsel of the Cit-'
izens* Alliance of San. Francisco, told
of the system of organization on' the
Pacific Coast. He said that In San
j Francisco labor was so well organized
| that it • had unions of chicken-pick- j
era. ten-pin men and the sandwich, or
banner carriers. He continued:
These were the conditions . we had to meet '
when the Citizens' Alliance was formed", and
then we realized that what we wanted was i
cne single unifying principle to .bring the peo
ple together. Th« political situation was such
that at first the police would not enforce th«
law or protect willing workers. Then we
supplied -these men with guns and told them
to protect themselves. We are n«jt barbarians, I
but we have barbarians- in* our midst and we j
will not stop until they are suppressed. We I
stand for no class or clique, but united we '
drove the political representatives of the
rioters from power and in their place e^cted
men .who will enforce th« law.
On the* report of the nominating com- :
mlttee David M. Parry of Indianapolis
.was re-elected president of the Citizens'
Industrial Association, J. C. Craig of j
Denver was elected first vice president ■
and Major A. C. Rosecranz of Evans- i
ville, Ind." treasurer. - ' ' '
Concert and Picture Show.
, To-nlfcht.. Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art. 7:30 till 10. Admission 25c •.
Inaugural Committee's Chairman.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30.—Chair
man Cortelyou of the National Repub
lican Committee to-day announced
the 'appointment of General John M.
Wilson. U. S. A., retired, as chairman
of the inaugural committee.
TOUR PRINTING ON TIME.— Gabriel Print-
In* Co. print anything. 410 Sacramento it. •
WILIi .MEET TO DISCUSS •
Mm ADVANCE OF SCIENCE
Technical Society of the Pacific Coast
to Hold a Three Days'
Session.
The three days', session of the au-j
tumnal meeting of the Technical So
ciety of the Pacific Coast will be held •
; in the' Mechanics' Library building, 31 [
Post street, beginning December 1."
■ The meetings are to be held for the
: purpose of furthering the ends of en
gineering and the ' technical sciences
and many papers of interest to work
ers in those branches will be read.
The opening session will take place
Thursday evening at S o'clock. There
i will be a reception for. members and
'guests,' presided over by President
, Dickie. Following the reception will
be a lantern slide lecture oji '"Hydro
. Electric Power Development in .Cali
fornia'"by Robert McF.^Doble. '
The programme for the .remainder
of*the sessions will be as follows:
Friday afternoon session.' 2 o'clock— "Wa'ter
Power aua Electricity in California." by
Oorge W.: Nichols; "Electric Power—Genera
tion and .Transmission- From the Standpoint of
th« Consumer." by James C. Bennett: "En-
K'.neerlDS and the Law," by Frank P. Medina.
•■ Friday. December 2, .evening session — "Trade
.Schcols.". oy Edward T. . Hewitt: "Phenomena
of Machine Operation." by John Richards, past
president 6t tie Technical Society.
'■ Saturday, * IJecember • 3. afternoon . ti ssicn —
••Dnrability of . ttre Materials of. Masonry Used
in San Francisco.." by Marsden M*nson;."Col
1 ima tic g ' and - Azimuthing a Modern Gun," by
Otto i von Geldern. : . ;
■ ■ Satuiday. r : DecembeV 3; evenias session— A
banquet .will be heM at th» Occidental Hotel to
close the sessiens of the society. All , part lei -
1 pants will ■ assemble for ' the banquet at ' 8:30
.■ ADVEiariSEMKSTS. ;. : '
I FREE! FREE! I
I Extraordinary Qffetf I
I. HOLIDAY SHOPPERS \ f\
I , To make their' V |
U Holiday Purchases in the Month of Novenib<» . 0
1 FrCCCOC AH PurduK . <R7 worth ofgoods -c I
a with •P^AJU rorai « e your own choice . rrce I
I Free <t i n nn PufChaje cq no WOfthofecodx v+** l\
I u 4 > ' 3 «^ 1 -' your own choice »^ r^ |
I Free $5 00 p«ch«c. $1 50 th o f e«xJ» p f -- I
9 with s>J*W vp>«>^U your own choice rree Ij
I Frei CO 50 P«ch«e ~ 75r worth of Z 0 ? 6 ? Fw I
I with S>^#J.V/ "«a». / jg^ . your own choice r ZZZ 1
| Free x <g1 nn PorCBaje . 25c worthof 8^» p w i
M with 4>>»v;U f^™"/; - yovr own choice -TTeC ,
i We want you to* see our * il
I Grand Holiday Display of Beautiful- '
I and Newest Creations .; f.
I ..Elite Qiinaware, Limogies Qiina, French '
| China, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate
1 • . Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases, :
I . Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware, • • ,
I • • Novelties, and Dolls. ' ." • V
1 Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest, . / \
I * Daintiest and Newest" Things made^ Collected . •/ •/-
I " . r from*the Markets of the Worid; • \ ;'
1 * • Top Quality Teas, Coffees', Spices,- Extracts,' f jjj
[| Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates. * : '/ |j
1 ■ We want you to see our very reasonable prices* '-, I
I '.- We want you to come just to look.- •. / SI
3 Takeadvanta^eof this very liberal offer, • / d
Q * CUT HERE * - CUT HERE '9
] . CUT OUT TH IS CO'J PON , bricff it to any of our stores before, M
a! ' DfCfm'cCT 10, 1904, and receive with each purchase as listed r. \-\
r| x a"bowo a very handsome present bf your own sckctfetu. . % f\
I I . SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Iki'i , J904 " = if
2 " -• Com- just to look. . ■ • |j
a ~ '-> I Bring this Coupon with you to any of our stores* . . ? \'\
0 not good TTtw btcfumo. iao-4 ♦
H • CtTT HERE » . "CUT HIRE ' ■ - Bj
I Great American Importing Tea Co. I
IS CITT STOSZS: : " • •
S S61 Market st. 313 Satter st. 7O5I,*rkln tt • 2733 34t& St.
■ 14O Sixth st. ' SOO8 ■PWsa.eKm st 146 mat* st. • 2C6 T^trf st.
] 475 Halfftt st. . 355 Hayes rt. 52 Mark st st. 469 Tburtli rt.
3 1819 Berlsadero tt, 3OO6 Slxtseath st. 621MonworaerT*Te. 36S TMii it
j 1419PoUcst. 32S5 Mission st. , 3316 atlssioa «t. '. "V • '.
J ' ' 0AK1AKD, AT.AinrPA AJTD BSSZZTLXTr STOHES: •
3 1C53 Washlngrtoa st. 1510 Serenth st. ' •. . Berkeley. 3141 Cantor »V
j 1183 33d «7«. . 616E.12tbst. ' ' • AUaxe'la, 13SS Paxi st.
3 /. ' * ; tfTOMSIH OTHEB CITIES ACT TOWJtt; I
S Fan Jcs*. 1CS 3. First st. . * San BernanUoo.. 421 Third *V Lens Beach. tSO Pla« *•»*. »
J liacrarr-nto. -i^o K St. Barters, 734 Stats sU Merced. 40S Stain rt.
m Sacran;entc, 804 J st. San D:»sc 922 Fifth st. NeradaCItr.Ptne stlla* !?lit.
3 Eania Crnz. 140 PaciCc st*. s-^=Lu!«Obispo.7?8H:?u-;r«3t. Rrdland*. IS E. Stats t.
m Stoekicn. 442 E. Main st. Ttxlare. Kent st.. near K. Santa. Monica. 227 Ttiri «t. ;
B Giiroy. 13 N. Monterer at. Virginia City: 63 S- C it. S jnta Ana. 2C9 E. Fourth rt.
1 lx» Gitc*. East Main tt. Veatnra. COS Mala st. Alulia. 218 Main rt. . . •
h SanLeaDdro.SanI>ore&zcaT«. Crockett. . * Woodland. 60S Maln.it.
a L«i«Anseles. 423S. Broadway. Lincoln. ■ %'/" |* 'Weisonvll!*. 323 M>tln.st.
J Lc*Angel*s.2323Pasadena ar. Winters ; -•; B^nlrt'*. « First St.-
1 Salt Lake. :<3 Main st. R-dwood City. ... Ctiico.Bdwy..brt.3d 44th its
3 Portland. SU Washington st. Sutter C-.-eek. CarsonClty.Cars"n st.nr.KlBC
■ Portland. 223 First St.* Nap*. S U<la it. . . Brirhani City, llaih st.
1 Seattle. 90S Second avt. Petalusa. 92A Mala rt» MtbHsto. 10th st. trt. H 4k X.
I Seattle. 300 Pike st. St. Helena. Main st. Ororllle. ZDS Meyers st. .
1 Taeoma. 937 C st Santa Rcsa. 411 Fourth tt. Prc»o.- Academy a»*.
5 Spokane. 810 Spraro* sts. Vallejc. 839 Georgia st. P«rkC1ty.Ma!n it.^ch!»!<!i b«.
1 O?den. 340 Twenty-fifth st. Hayward9.Bst..bet.Ma!nAlst. RedBhiff.Ma!n A Oax stau. I
" Bak»r»fleH. 1513 19th st. San Karael. 823 Foarth st. Salinas. 254 Main st. •
3 Fr-«so. 1145 J «t. Pasadet^. ISO E. Colorado st. Ore gonOty. Main at.so.StlL -
1 M-rysirlle. 332 D st. Astoria. J71 Cctninerclal st. ll*«!dsVurs.
I Pomona. W. Second rt. Eiiwn*. 3O E. Ninth st. Placervlll*. .
I Reno. 19 Comniercial row. • Eureka, cor. FJftt «r.d F sta. Ocean.VIew..
1 Redd'.ng. 421 Market st. . Oras* Valley. 5« M'.ll.st. CallstCKa
I IJIver«We. 931 Mam st. Harford. 20ft N. Inrtn st Pcrsoma. • * |
j Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help Yon. . [^
DISCHARGE!) FROM ARMY
FOR MARRYING NEGRESS
Case of Private Smith Disposed of by
Acting Secretary of War '
.Oliver. . •
• WASHINGTON. "Nov. 30. — Acting
Secretary of War Oliver to-day
brought to an end the color line issue
raised several months ago when Pri
vate J;ohn T. Smith of the hospital
corps married a.negress. He directed
Smith's discharge without honor.
Smith's comrade;; and the people- at
the post had* protested against the
bringing of colored women to the
neighborhood as. wives of while men.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 30. — The
President has "approved the sentence
in the case of Second Lieutenant
Samuel H. Fisher, Twenty-eighth In
fantry, convicted by court-martial of
breach of arrest and sentenced to be
dismissed from the service. '
Exhibits Exempt From Dntles.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 30. — A mes
sage has been received from W. H.
Goode announcing that the order of
the United States Government lifting
duty charges from all imports for the
Lewis and Clark Exposition has gone
into effect- All exhibitors from for
eign countries may now send their
wares 'to .. Portland without paying
customs duties. • .
BANKS PETITION SUPERVISORS.— Th»
Canadian Back of Commerce and the Bank of
British 'North America bare petitioned the Su
pervisors for the return of the taxes paid un
der the levy for the new bond Issue, claiming
thai it is. illegal because the bends were not
issued whea the levy was made.
Dandruti Is • coataffems tf!»es*e caused by a nkrsb*.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIGINAL remedy that "kUU t ho Dandruff <J*na."
I IS^fT TUC DAQnOM ccaie* *j>n« life siill remains lr. the foinc>«s. th«
*- lf^*» - iriB. rMnUUl\ hair l» treed frotn dlwiw and befrn* Its natunl
Ntwbro's Mcrplciie can cscse too Ute. If the fjowtA sjrain. Doo - tne*!ect;li34ro3 or faUInj
dandrrf m!crob« ha* destroyed the hair follicles oalr. Wonderful results follow the w of Herpi-
aad left the scalp bald and salaiar aH reaedles ar» die. It Is an ex^uitite hair drewlnj. Stops
worthless. Bat. Ilk* the pardon. If Herptdde ftchtne of Cts scaip tastandy.
<5OINffl &O1MG*!! GONE!!!
ntneaf wu un "&.- ;- Kmeac niun it. -t» uh fo* ttarasL
me are, sue. smj i^, h***, t» nwnn ca. ecpt i. oetmt, un. far ■ uap*.
'..-•■•" ' - ' '^>USbr-'<.>iiEJMSiBSBaa<HSBMiB0ntriPMaMaMVaiBiSMBHrfM^BjajSaBa|a^H
'AWIicahow at yxoatarxjrr BAJtsrs bxots.
SENATOR BITRTON'S CASE"
• BEFORE SUPREME COURT
Attorneys 3Iake* a Final Appeal for
the Convicted R'eprejenuulTe
jfefe: .tof. Kansas. ' .
WASHINGTON. Nov. 30. — The Su
preme Court to-day heard arguments
In the case of Senator -J. R. Burton of
Kansas, who. appealed from the judg
ment of the District Court for the
Eastern District of Missouri. Senator
Burton jas tried on a charge of re
ceivjng. compensation from parties for
repr-ese'nting them before the Post
office Department, alleged to be con
trary to section 1786 of the Revised
Statutes. The lower cogrt' sentenced
him to pay a fine of $2500 and to Im
prisonment for six months.
The attorneys foi^ Senator Burton
entered a general denial of guilt and
submitted .an extended brief in sup
port of their contentions that the court
below erred in not directing a verdict
of not guilty.- Senator Burton was la
court during the argument.
San Franciscans at the Fair.
' ST. LOUIS. . Nov. 3 0. — The follow
ing San Franciscans are among the
recent visitors at the World's Fair:
J. W. LaymaTice. J. J. Corbett and
wife. J. A. McLure. G. W. Schlndel.
R. D. Benniss, J. Eller, Mrs. N.
Childs. M. E.. Tunneli; C. E. Morris.
E. Merrill. E. Livingston. A- Fisher.
COtTRSIXG MAN JTUST SETTLE.— The Su
preme Court yesterday decided thai R. EL de B.
Lopez must pay (UOO and accrued interest to
H. F. Anderson on a promissory note vhica
the defendant claimed was given without re
ciprocal consideration.
78
THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Joky p: ;...,..... .-. ....Proprietor
.• -' EWftJfWt ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO : '
•JOHX McXAUGHT: ; .' :". : i. . ..." : . .'. '••••.;• -.- -.-• • • • '••• .'Manager
•PUBLICATION OFTicE-.... ........ T*HIRD AND MARKET STREETS, BAN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY.'. ;. . . . ; .'...■,..'..:•..■ '.DECEMBER I. 1904
OUR MERCHANT MARINE.
TX'all of our doriiestic industries \yc pay.the hi^h^st wages in the
I world.: -The -5tah'dardof : life rises to the wage.s; and consuming
• power. mc.ets the increased cost of production, artd we flourish and
prosper. .The case is different, however, when the same high wages
are carried into the operation of deep water shipping. There .we
meet the competition of the low wage nations", and have long been
practically driven off the sea. . As our ships are built by our own
high wage labor we' have a- higher first cost of -ships., higher rates
6(- interest during construction, higher rates of underwriting and
repairs; Higher" wages and cost of feeding crews, and are thereby so
handipapped that we cannot compete for deep water- carrying. It
is this condition that appeals- to Congress for ihelp to re-establish
our merchant marine. Just how this is to be done no one has yet
iouiid -biit. ixvct-Iight on the subject is expected from the report of
the- Congressional Commission, of -\yhich Senator Gallinger is ch'air
mair... '.'. . ■.' :..-;: .'y • .• .
./Shippers, seelc the "cheapest m'.eans. Even 'the Government as a
shipper does this. The' first- contract for carrying Pacific Coast lum
•ber for use -on the Panama" canal went to a .German line, because it
could jjfforcl to do it cheaper thari aify American ship.' To show
how the cost of a crew alone figures in this competition between
ships' that'pay port wages .and salaries in San Francisco,
»r.(i"d<\bn;isi0e?s along the Central and South" American coast, we
have the-.. figures -.pn* two steamers of the" same class and tonnage, c6m
petmg. for the. isame trade. One of these,, a.' British .steamer,.'has a
payrofi tyi.'/ofhccrs and.cre.w of $i8,oop ..per. annum; the other, an
•Arherican s.te?tmeT, has a payroll of $36,cxx) per annum',, a loss for
operating, under the American flag, of $i8,ooO perannuhi on that
"single- itemi . A "comparison of two. steamers in the same trade of a
Higher- -tonhage and class shows' a loss"" in the item of salaries and
;'<vajres;tp the American slu'p of $26,175 44 .per Jiriniim. In still an
atTierclasv;, a\] of these being in the Central and South .American
tradeV the loss; to the American steamer is'$i5,cxx> per- annum." .
:■:• -The fibres' prove: that every .American "ship owiied i"n our Pa
cific /.ports •. makes on the one item of wages and salaries an annual
Josh. Going into comparisons still further, on the. foreign.. lines in
this Pacific "Coast trade, on. the American, ships- the. first. assistant
engineer. get : < : $90 per month, on the foreign ship. $50'; the second
assistant on .the American ship gets $80. per month; .pn. the foreign
:ship. $37 50:. . The American ship' is. compelled by law to. .carry a
third assistant engineer at $70 per month'; the foreign ship carries
none:;. On ithese same ships the-. American chief- engineer gets $150,
the. foreign: $82. 50; the American captiiin gets per month, the
foreign- captain $125. .The 'same disparity- extends" to the' seamen's
.wages-^the American, sliip paying port- wages and the foreign ship
paying the lower-foreign rate. • ." : : '.";-- ''■."■ '■ •'■
-. .. In the trans- Pacific trade, Arnericari ships' compete with " ttie
•British .lines, running to Vancouver and with the Japanese lines
'running to our American . ports. • The American ship pa'y.s San
Fraaci^co port wages. ' If the law: compel what is called "American
crews" to -b.e carried on Pacific liners, the loss per each ship of 5006
rtcms.'.-un-der the American '.flag, as compared with a foreign ship of
.the 1 - same class, is $42,743 .76 per annum." It' goes', without saying"
that no : business can survive that loss, especially: when the greater
first cost! repairs and underwriting. are added to "it.
- -. These comparisons reveal the :. reason why American ships are
out of busiiness. and why. bur flag is not seen on merchant ships in
the .^seaports, of the world. The situation is understood by all
shipping fhen.- There is no difference of opinion about the cause
tof the decline of o American shipping. It .is inextricably connected
with the American standard of life, which nothing can affect at home,
.But which is* a handicap when carried into shipping conditions on
the high' seas. • No interest; is "great enough to have the right to
lbwer-ihat standard for its awn. benefit. It must be. maintained, but
thje- pin)blem is how. to • maintain' it on deep water and still "com
pet^-on nearly equal terms for the .'ocean carrying trade. The
principle ■ of protection must t>e applied . somehow. The matter
[has be«n debated, in Congress* both dogmatically and academically,
and. but tittle light" has teen cast upon it thereby. .. For this reason
the\ forthcoming report of Senator Gallinger-s commission is looked
ior with' 1 the- "liveliest' interest'. •' .. ■ :. ; • . . . ;: ".
. . --. N":ot- die lea.st apibng- the diffTeulties is", the difference in. port
conditions between the Pacific Coast and .the Atlantic seaboard. In
'At.jan't.ic ports scratch crews are. more. easily obtained; arid: American
•ships arc free from the heavy local taxation which they suffer hisre,
and which "-this State has just .refused .to .lift.. This indi-.
caJtcjsj that' whatever plan is. adopted- musf be a compromise", between
the port cpnditions. of tlie two coasts. ••'..•• . ..- -. .'; • /
THE MINERS ARE COMING.
THE California •-. Miners'' Association meets on the 5th and- will
hold. its. sessions in the. assembly, room o.f the St.- Francis. Hotel.
The meeting- -tvill be" very. important.. There are uneasy signs of
.rising, wrath between the mitrers and the \a4Jey- people.. It is asv
sert.ed that the dredge mining oh : the river 'benches' violates Judge
Sawyer's injunction .against-, hydraulic ..mining; and .already the
slogan is ; sounded along, the ".valley to this i effect 1 : J ;All mining looks,
alike to us. valley people.^'.- ■ -. : • "';•••' •':''.'■; -. • ■ .
Conflict should be avoided if science arid p.itience can avert it.
,It is probable that the money, expended yeafs ago in- litigation over
this subject .would have paid for engineering methods to permit
mining to go on to. the benefit and not the injury of the valleys.
That it was mjurious. is judicially decided and settled, as. far .i»
hydraulic mining is concerned. If all mining is considered by the
valley people to be the same., there, is danger of a serious 'clash that
will be costly and the result doubtful. :- ;' .7 •;
Among, the miners and the farmers, there are many very able
men, leading citizens, who desire the good of the State. Let the
voice of such.be heard in. the meetings next week, .and let the ut
terance of mere prejudice and passion be suppressed. The valley
people are- asking much public help', to keep .the floods off fheir
lands and maintain the navigability of their rivers." Any unneces
sary contention will raise up enemies to these plans and start a war
.that wili injure all and benefit none.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION
If divorces keep on Increasing in number they will become so common
•s to be. positively unfashionable. — Baltimore Sun.
A ..Brooklyn scientist says Iet'the hair on the. top of your head grow and
you will cure consumption. That s cold comfort for our bald-headed brethren.
— New York Herald.
Th<* Panama canal must be byilt and disorderly conduct on the part of
the natrve population cannot be permitted to interfere with the prompt prose
c;:iion of the work. — Buffalo Courier.
' . aehtlment is more the'erful in industrial and commercial circles to-day
"than It has. been for. more- tHan-a" year. Business has not only turned the
corner, but it is now moving forward in a broad' way that appears cJear and'
safe. — PiUsburg Gazette. . .' " ' •
Postmaster General Wynne, after considering the expenses of his supply
.department, has abont come to the conclusion' that $30,000 can be saved In
buying- twine alone. Perhaps even a greater saving could be madeby cutting
out red tape. — Boston Globe. •
.— — ; ;.
1*here has been tar too much of the elegant gentleman- idea. in the big
Eastern universities. Professor Eliot has Just publicly taken no'te of its some
xrhat blighting influence at Harvard. A good many young men go there for a
course In scorn and get it— though incidentally they may get better things
The game may be said of Yale and Princeton, and though at each and all of
these institutions the modest workaday youth may get as good a. training as
bis father could have-got, the influence of the gilded loafer is bad.- The West
ern universities are spurring the Eastern Institutions up with a magnificent
competltion.-r-New York Mail. • . snincent
ixiS SAN VFIJANGISGO THURSDAY- ' DECEMBER 1, 1904
NOAH'S ARK REBU ILT
• MODEL. OF THE NEW NOAH'S ARTC BUIL.T BY A DANISH ENGINEBR'IN AC
CORDANCE WITH THE BIBLICAK NARRATIVE, THE CRAFT AT A TRIAL.
. TRIP PROVED SEAWORTHY IN. REMARKABLE DEGREE
• .Special CGrrespondence.
s~*\ OPENftAGEN, Nov. 9.— The ac
■ companying. sketch, will give
V_«^ Americans a good idea of the
• ■ ' extraordinary craft which has
Just b«en built by M. Vogt, the Danish
engineer, in an attempt to produce an
exact model of Noah's ark.
To assist him in his task M. Vogt had
special translations made by distin
guished .He.brewists of passages out of
•the Hebrew .-Scriptures 1 relating : to- the.
ark",- and. got rdeas, too, ;from a repre
sentation of Noah's craft on a coin"
dated 300" B. C. whjch is the property of
a museum in -Copenhagen.
"Owing fo the methods employed in its
Construction -doubt was expressed from
the first as to whether M. Vogt's craft,
would, float at air, let alone prove sea
worthy in a ."blow;."' Popular incredu-.
lity'.and ridicule-, however, disturbed'
the builder, pot' at. all, and now. he haa
good cause -for "satisfaction, for his
craft's trial trip the other day proved a
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
Displaying- a Chic Frock Made of Novelty] Wool Cloth'in
'.' ■ Shades af Red, Black and Gold. • 'Fh'c.Giiimpe .Is of Red.
Tucked Silk- The Trimming on' the Fro.ck Is Hedvy Black
: ■■Silk- Bmid' and- the Broad Girdle Js of Black Satiii.
• Near Bombay City -there is a sewage
farm (septic tank system)- which yie.lds
thirty-six tuns pf grass ana vegetables
an 'acre.- . ". . " " • ; " • r ;V
WHEN THE VACATION ENDED
THE sky was brilliantly blue, but
the willows threw a comfortable
shade' over Eve. She sat. looking
off into the. distance, not meeting
t.he gaze of the man lounging at her
feet. Conversation, usually so delight
ful, hung heavily between them. . •
."Well, what Is it?" he inquired.
"1 was thinking I ought to congrat
ulate you. Why did you not tell me?/
Perhaps you thought, with so famous a
writer, the news must be known of all
the world."
"Meaning, my— engagement?" John
Pierce brought out the words slowly.
"Who told you? Well, I suppose you
haol to know. After the holiday I
should have. told you myself."
"My vacation is ended; lam leaving
in the; morning." There was no an
swer.'
"It wouH be polite to say you are
sopry," suggested, the girl.
"I'm not. In one sense. We can never
recall these" past days. It's fitting you
should go with them." Pierce rose to
his feet. "May I sit here? I want to
tell'you a little about myself."
"Is that necessary?" questioned the
girl. .
"For me it is— and men are , selfish.
It is not our fault, we are created so.
You" knaw t the hardships of ■ my • boy
hood. I've. told you of the farm; of the
narrowness of life 'Out.ithere in Iowa.
I grew up with one ambition, one aim,
to become a writer. .-• My mother — God
.bless her— could not understand, • but
she never stood in my path. , I worked
my .way through college,' Jlke many an
other. Afterward, ■ with ; nothing but ; a
trunkload of .'manuscripts, " I,' went, to
New York. You can guess v the strug
gles, the difficulties. At : last I gained
a hearing. • My first book was a sue-"
cess, : through that . I met— I ' met Httda
Chauncey. v I had never known any one
like 'her before. She realized my am
bition,, she .'touched my. V. imagination,
and one dsty : w» f ou nd . ourselves '; en- •
complete success. Carrying as passen
gers Its designer, several engineers and
a large party of newspaper men, -the
ark not' only showed itself perfectly
seaworthy, but moved' Tightly and
quickly through the water. In fact, ex
perts have declared that in spite of her
rudimentary design the strange vessel
is the steadiest craft ever seen oh the
high seas
As nearly as M'. Vogt is able- io judge
his vessel is one-tenth* the size' of fhe
origrinai Noah's ark, and is of a.bout.200
tons burthen. Entering' by one pf . the
side ports, one finds a*. '.surprising
amount of cabin space despite tHe low
sloping sides. As the craft rises high in
the water plenty of light comes through'
the largfc 'port holes in the sides, which
.can be left open ; for ventilation when
the -sea", is- smooth. Of course, the ark
is. simply, built '• and " very plainly. fuj>
nished -inside,, to correspond with the;
one to which the surviydrs.of the .first
flood disaster are -believed to have, in
trusteed themselves. »» " . ',* -r:"-
The Chinese Government is to repelve
£S<>0 a thousand for all the" Chinese
coolies- shipped to .the South African
miries. .- .' j - .'.
gaged. She helped me in* a thousand
-ways. When" -you came " Eve
stirred uneasily, the power and mag
netism of the man seemed cruel under
the existing circumstances./ Pierce
continued: "Of course, I appreciate
my roughness, my crudeness. • I am
not/ ne.ver shall be, of your world.. I
.knew there could be no danger to you.
As for me, I value your friendship,
over and beyond anything on earth.
You will let me keep that?"
"Gossip says your fiancee arrrives
this afternoon. You have- barely time,
to meet the train." •
"We are friends?" he persisted.
"Of course." she agreed lightly. He
seemed about to speak, but swung sud
denly on his ■ heel and : left her. She
watched his long stride and the
strength of his broad shoulders until
her lips trembled.
"No danger -to you." she repeated
slowly. How should there be? She
was only a girl, and -it is unmaidenly
forewoman to give her love before It is
asked. The chatter of life belongs to
women. - the important things are ■ re
served for the men to say. ;
-Eve walked jestlessly down the toad.
The breath of ..the Sound cooledher
cheeks, .but .she ' turned Inland toward
the village.
"Youn£ lady, am I going Tight for
the Hotef?" The speaker
was a little old woman, with brisk en
ergy, beyond her, years. ; She was; laden
heavily- with a large, telescope bag and
a market basket. , 'Eve nodded.- "Yes,
follow^; the road.".; '
' '.'It's a -longiah \ way ; from the depot."
The woman ; rested her burden on : the
sandy-path- and wiped her brow.
;• "You should have * taken* a carriage;
:those things are heavy." . .*
-"Ah, my dear,".: the .other iaughed
cheerily, "I'm -used to doing fqr-,-myr.
self where r I - come from.' There* was ", a
rack of men jshoutlng rv to help, but' I
mistrusted I'd ever ; set eyes on ; my be
longings /again. }'■■■ No 1 *', when .I've -got
themin ihy. hand "I, know where Hhey !
'are.". : ..;..-• - ; ...:' '.•.] -i- ; ; , ■ j
MAKE SOME
SUNSHINE
WHEN the clouds hang dark an*
. dreary,
SHuttln' 'out the blessed light;
When you're feelin' sort' o*
• -weary, ' "
. An' you don't know wrong from right-
When the sun's forgot his business.
An'. the' world' seems dull an'.fiat.
Make some artificial sunshine.
• In the place where you are at/.
When the sktes are most fqrebodln*. •
• When they're black, instead, o' blue. •
When- your heart with gloom's corrodin*,
I will, tell you what to do-^-"'
Lose your hold on all your troubles — *
Stamp your- foot an' holler "Scat!"
Make some artificial sunshine
In the place where you are ut. '
If you'd like to try the business .
I will tell you how '.to start;
The ingredient* an' formulas
You'll find .within your. heart; • •
Bathe yourself in homemade sunshine
• .(Very necessary, that), •■',
Then just radiate with brightness
In the place .where- you are at."
—Benjamin Keech, in ' Chicago Record
. Herald, •'.■■»' ?)r-P~S}
COMMENDS THE CALL.
. The ' Sa-n Francisco Call has- com
mence.d a campaign to secure" action,
by- Congress to protect the navigability
of the.. Sacramento' and San Joaquia
rivers and safeguard the valley lands,
from devastating Hoods. Every news-",
paper, in the State -should "Join, hands
with The Call arid assist* In. the good
work. — Placer County Republican.' .
A RIMLESS CIPHER.
• "I have no time to wa'ste on that.
man-,"-said Felix Lsman. the. Philadel
phia real, estate -operator. . "He. Is ab
solutely incapable in my ilne of.-busi
ness. -Why, he would be of. about as
much use to me ;a's. a -cipher with the'
rim off-." — New York Herald. .' ■: '".
A. BATHHOUSE MISTAKE.
. Around Stockholm there are -many
"si-trurban res'orts where se"a ba.thing is
indulged in when.the^vea'ther is warm
enough. At- one" of these resorts a
visitor; observed a' large" signboard at
a gateway reading "Dam Bad Haus."
This notice save him ; quite a s"hock
until he found out ft meant "Ladles'
Bathhousel" ■ - •■' .
EXIT THE MILKMAID.
"Where are you irolng'' my pretty fn.al£l?'
"Km- golnif a-milliingr, sir," «he sat*.
But the maid goes a-milking -no
longer. Dr. A. E. Harris, medical of
ficer of health for Islington,-" England,
in a report presented to his council,,
states that during his inspection of
dairy farms in various English" couri*
t>es,.in'no single instance did he find
that -woman, as in the olden -days.
milked the cow
' "The loss of the dairymaid-." he
writes, "is a'national one, ;for sKe was
at least cleanly. Now M is not*unusual
to find a man fresh from other work
.milking the cows with . dirty hands.'"
ANSWERS TO QUERIES,
WEATHERED. OAK-*-A -Subscriber,
City. If you y\ili apply at -any first
class paint house >'ou will be furnished
with inaterial which will enable" you to
convert any kind of wood into weath
ered' oak. ' •. •'•■'..
•WATER RIGHTS— T. C, Napa, Cal.'
To ascertsiin if there 'is .a suit pending
in either the'" Supreme Court .of Kansas
or of "Colorado in relation to water
rights, address a. letter -of Inquiry to
the clerk -of .the -court of- each of ttte
States named. ' '. ' . ' . .
MENDOCINO COUNTY — A.. O. R;.
City- • For. information as to Govern
ment lan,d In Mendocino County, corii
municate with. tHe United States. Land
Office,' 'either' at San Francisco or
Eureka. The county is a very produc
tive one and "there is much land In it
that is cultivable. " ' - -.
CHEESE — A..N. L... San Sruno, Cart,
Cheese "req'uires" tfiree. hou^s : and a
half to 'digest. • FqwI " re.qu'Ires four
hours'^.veal boiled four hours a-ad veal
frJ-ed- four hours and- a half. Cheeso
eaten irv small quantities after dinnar
is not productive of bad effects! It Is
only when oersp'ns' eat of such in in
ordinate quantities, either* after din^
ner or. at any other time, thet distress
•ing .or -annoying results follow.*
I "Well, what Is it?" he inquired, j
"I am staying at the hotel. Let ":..e
assist .you.": .-Eve took the basket. The
woman demurred at first; but finally
accepted ■ assistance fcs a neighborly
act, and together /they reached the
hotel.. A porter met.them. ; Eve bade
him care for her companion. She smiled
* THE SMART SET*
BY SALLY SHARP.
Mrs. Pedar Brugulere was the host
ess last evening- at a dinner given In
her. home .on Franklin street, the old
Bruguiere home. The decoratlens of
American Beauty roses and red can
delabra were -brilliant- and illumined
the table most effectively. Covers were
laid for ten, among whom were Mrs.
Philip King Brown, gowned in an ex
quisite yellow faille silk trimmed with
yellow lace % . Miss Louise Tillman. in
white satin and Irish point, and Miss
Laura/ Farnsworth, who ; wore a
charming frock of pale blue satin. .
"Mrs. Bruguier,e- was bewitching in a
Worih gown of pink and white pom
padour silk, with a wreath of pink
rose's in her hair. : 'V *
Edward M. Greenway will give a
'dinner this evening- in honor of Miss
Gertrude Dutton and Josiah-" Howell
at the Bohemian Club.' The red room
will be the scene, where twenty or
more guests will 'gather for an even
ing.]?, pleasure. ' :> - v * • ■ ',■■,* i
• Miss Marie Wells is being widely
fete\l these days an'd, always a' favor-
Ke, her engagement 'to Selbjr Hanna
Is' how the motif, for many ante"-nupr
tial affairs
Ye&tefday Mrs.- Will Gerstle gave a
tea in" honor of. Miss Wells,.. End last
evening .the fair young, lady^ with, her
fiance, • was entertained at dinner by
.Dr.. and Mrs. Wilson Shiels. - :
To-night- Mn and Mrs. Mark..Ger
stle give. a dinner to Miss Wells and
Mr. Hanna and on December 10 this
charming' maid will. again be the hon
ored guest at a" luncheon In the Palm
Garden, to be- given by Miss Margaret
Hariford. . • ' . i^' •
-Dr. Arnold Genthe was . host at a
supper .given Tuesday evening at the
close of the Seijubia Club reception".
Miss Alice Klinfe gave a tea yesterday
afternoon at her' home on California
street in -honor of Miss Freeborn of
Paris. Among the guests were Miss
Freeborn,- Miss Bertheau, Miss Grim
wood, Miss Hazel- King, 'Miss Genevieve
King, Miss Louise Redington, Miss
Margaret Hyde-Smith .and Miss Ger
tfude Hyde-Smith. • ; % - -
Mme. " Francisca. with, .Mr." and Mrs.
John Sayre Crawley, were guests of
honor at the Sequoia Club on Tuesday
evening.' The evening was delightful
for 'Its informality and "genuine bon
homie. Mrs. Reginald'- Smith Knight
presided. .Assisting her were Mrs. Nor
rts.-Mrs. E. T. Sirnpson, Mrs, Fernando
P'fingst and Miss Harriet L«vy. - ; '?y\
Mcs. Linda Brj'an is entertaining her
cousin. Miss Mary Hollister of Sah Luis
Obispd. " , . '
An entertainment of novelty- will Be
given in Golden. Gate Hall to-morrow
"YOUNG NIGHTY THOUGHTS"
; M«rmma.--**Here comes nurse to bathe you both arvd put you to
bed- Now be good and go quickly." • • . "•
Little C\rU — "Oh dear, mumrftie, I wish I was a nlght-dressl'*
. Mamma.— "Why, dear? 1 ! ."
. " Little Girl. "Then I should only have to bq to the wash once .a
as she heard her new acquaintance
cautioning the man. "Be careful,
young fellow, with that basket. It's
full of home cookies and preserves for
my boy, John Pierce. Is he here?"
Eve turned and watched her. John
Pierce her son! So this was the little
mother he had told her of— the mother
who had effaced herse.lf that her son
might have his wish!
After, dinner Eve sat on the porch
alone. 'Soon she became conscious of
a couple pausing near. With a throb
bing heart she recognized Pierce's
voice. *
"Hilda," he was saying, "surely I
misunderstand you! You are angry— "
"Angry. Indeed!" The answering
voice • waa well modulated, but there
was a hardness that robbed it of pleas-
Ing. "I persuaded mother to_come here
in order to be with you. I sacrificed a
week and Newport,, and for what? To
be shamed by *hat woman "
"Hilda!"" Pierce's voice rang with a
new quality that compelled Miss
Chauncey to pause. Eve longed to slip
away, but it .was impossible without
disclosing her presence. Besides, .'the
others Would no doubt resume their
walk. Pierce continued: pfpM
"When you wrote me of your coming
I did not expect my mother. Her ap
pearance was a surprise. I've tried at
times to persuade her to visit me, but
hitherto she has seemed rooted to the
bo 11. Now that she is here I purpose
giving : her the holiday of her life."
"What. about me?"
"You? Dear girl, when you know my
mother you -will forget her rough man
ner as y^u forgave mine, and' remem
ber only her true heart. I made no se
cret of my life or antecedents. I told
you all. Be kind! She will not trouble
you often. It Is the first time In thirty*
years that she has left the farm. But
on such occasions my wife must re
member that she is my mother."
"Absurd, John; I marry you not
your family. You have ability, ambi
tion.. I position and money. I can heln
I, you; I have aided you already." Eve
evening by 'Miss Jean Logan. The •vent.
called "A Night of Revelry in Cupid's
Garden." will contain many features of
daintiness,- Miss Logan participating irv"
several. •
• • • ......
Mrs. Frank West *of Stockton -fe visit- '
Ing inSan Francisco for a short time. ■
• • •
"Mrs. Richard Ivers. whose* homeward
trip has been delayed on accojint of:
Illness, sails to-day for Honolulu. • .
■ • * •
The. favoritism shown Miss Anita-
Harvey is constantly waxing, and she
bids fair to lead the buds. Last week
she was feted, . and this week Is far
fsom showing decrease. The large ball
to be given Miss Harvey by her grand
mother.. Mrs. Eleanor Martin, on the
7th is being preceded by affairs almost
dally.in honor s>t the young debutante,
yesterday Miss Alyce Sullivan gave a
luncheon to Miss Harvey,, and it was 9.
pretty and Jolly affair, for the merry
rnalda enjoyed themselves with a will,
while their, own bright faces, mingled
wJth the garden buds .and. roses, .con
stituted a picture of charm. The close
of the afternoon brought only a short
Interim of. quietude for -the. honored
guest, for she was given a theater par
ty' by Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Martin,
who invited several of the younger set"
to see Maxlne Elliott.' The evening's
entertainment was- followed, by a sup
per at the St. Francis, _^y.T. ' ' \ :
The Guild .of Arts and Crafts,. wnichV
Wi.Il hold an exhibit on the 2d and 8d.,
will. have-.. a private view for members
ajid guests this afternoon and evening
In the St. Francis. AJ1 of the • applied
arts- will be represented In- conjnnotion
wtth the fine. arts, of which there Is to
be an excellent display. The judgment
committee- has preserved a' very nigh
standard of everything submitted • and
has rejected all but . the • thoroughly,
artistic work. This move is to faaeom
mended and encouraged for the protec
tion both of art and artists,' and there
has -been some dereliction on the part
of- critics in the past. "The Judges for.
the guild are : : j Miss. Lillian W.Tobey,
president; Mr- Pia^zoni. Bruce Porter.
Mrs. v Albertine Randall Wheeland, Mrs,
Mary Ingalsbee, F. H. Meyer, C, P-
Xellson,- Porter. Garnett and Xavler
Martinez.- ! - • . ' ' .
,'■■'. •'.'■■'• * •* ." ■
'.Mr. and Mrs. J.~ W. Burnham, who
will leave town on December -.4, will
spe"nd the holidays in the city of Mex
too and later will tour through South
ern California. , .,7" *-
The San Francisco. Art " Association
announce* a concert for its members to-.
night at the Mark' Hopkins Institute. .
Seven Ages, of Woman. -.'
Says she's. 16 when' she's 12. Says
she's 18 when she's M. ' Says she's \%
when she's 21. Says she's 18 "• when
she's 25. Says she's 19 .when she's 30-
Says -she's -21 when she's 43. Says she'3
27 when she's 55.— Yonkers Statesman.
She! by '
ETHEL- BARRINGTON
shrank further into the shadow of her
chair and thrust her fingers to her
ears. If they would only go! Pierce'3
voice came to her as from a distance.
"Let us end this unworthy discussion!
I offer you the service and devotion of
my life. Do you accept the obligations
of my wife?"
"No, no, if it means lowering myself
to the association of your family— no."
"There is my mother — no one else."
"You have my answer.'* . Miss
Chauncey thrust a chair aside and the
swish cf her- silken skirts trailed Over
the. porch/ There was a silence, broken
presently by a man's sigh o£ infinite
relief. Then came 'the sharp striking
of a match, and by Its light John
Pierce and Eve looked Into each oth
er's* face. Pierce threw away his un
lighted cigar and blocked her path.
"You heard "
"Yes; I am sorry — she is angry now
■•-to-morrow- — "
"Eve, 4 to-morrow' holds always -the
promise of something new. There is no
goinsr back— I would not If I could. I
must speak "
"Not 'now— not* here'" Eve shrank
a little from him. "It is late. I am
leaving in th<* morning "
"You are right— hot now.* I am a
brute to have thought of it. It won't
be the game when you are gone— but it
is only for a week. Eve. I shall come
to you at your home. Give me a word
that I may hope " BS9I
■ Eve raised her head and her* eyes
shone. ,
"When you come, say what you
will.;* And she was gone.
! "Say what I will." repeated Pierce
; beneath his breath. "And to think I
had so nearly thrown away the
right .
(Copyright, 1904. by Ethel Harrington.)
ToTTosend's California Glace fruit* io
artistic fire-etched boxrs. 715 Market »W
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). SO Call*
rornla atr««t.. Telephone Mala 104J, *FORUM RECEPTION SMART AFFAIR
DULCET. . MUSIC.
. WAVlNG:;PAm$ ';■.
■^EETTTVOIiE/^,;.
l $Mp CHARrtlMG
MND 'PICTURE v
> uy; . lAiriiA pride i»o\vi:its. : * .
;>Jmblaxoried in letto.rs of r<?d.'. white
ijjdbJue.will thfc. reception : of the Fo- .
riim ' -Club ..go down i-n the annals of
clubdom. ': Smart?-'- .W.Hy,'-: 'twas : Jhe
Lrfavf»st' thing that'ii liapr>e.ii»»d .in club
loin these. rhany.moon«, its twin event
t>eing the Papyruji. reception of last
SaVurday. •'•■•'.■•'.•.•..' : :■■.:'■■'■ .'■'.'. i ';-'Z.\- '■■ _
The •'• receiving, line. : wis gay ;. with
cleVer '.Women" .in . f pithing, gowns, led .
by. .the r>r<pstd«»nt,,JIrs;. Frank .Frede
rjcits/ .. a ■ jnteix ty, ,. a . jc harming 1 • littie
K<jmaa,:by. ; the.ws^:)Jear : hergtpo!l
past^ 'president; ;ably iliinked by a bevy
of. interesting ■ women .with their good •
rijgrhtr/bandii.'. .-.■;-■■; '•..•;■.• ■:/ : ,^' : .y. '■■'■': '.:■■■. •>;■ ■
from the canyons over the bay;
br%r)^ches jrre.w round .the gleaming '■
r :■•!••- :of iight and brakes Ir 6m be
neath the redwood trees 'spraiigmagr
Irnltj-; ; f rpm dead pillars: - Abd : the
niirsifej : : ; .Ah. ; there was avtreat. and- a
tw<yrfpld ; treaV/f or- .ii ;grew | frbrri the :
midribs k;: of. \v;;s^njg^V''.in^umerrtiB^..i_tt'.
softer, biit" never : !i6o : Ibudas: to inter- ;
fere .talking- ■ T ir*r. women' at .a
r-eceptiCfn ; •■tklky\ ■ .. But .at
f unctronS solo ; rnuElc is provided, and
this necessitates a; cessa.tibn of chat
ter^ or .ought : to, .'else > the.. artlBt .is
rightf ully ! h'urtJ ■ ? . A rid K iki 1^ .'■' was .the
Boft-lorchtfs^ai'-nituicJ.av^y*'".^^! 11^^
Inras'; it of exquisite; <i uili t>v - : .'- ;■;•:;'. ■.'- ' ■; • ". '..'. '•.•.■:_ .
[ Forum punch is ■ proverbially '.]go.bd,
f^).r . women's : -preXrifigi. : 'An$ .yesterdiyls : .
wis ; -quite.- up to the key; ;as' Tvere. the
o\h<er:f&9d:t\tin!^:Bett?&^f,\ ;*'•&'£&{ ■
: As for gowns, there- was. a plethoric- '■
arr;a : v^;White : >in;.;i.t»^ ;swe€t.;,rJuirity...pTe^.
vaUi'fagt; ■ry.';;^mb^~.;;t^e;--/^oriJsiiIc'uqusiy .;
welji-fTO''Pke4 -sromeri ;'wer.e:"MfSi- : .Frari.k : ;
tr^^^^^^t^iti^k^^p^pu ..iirB., '■
rhom3S : v.JJ^tffe'^.'Sir& :R v egerisbur : g^r,' •
Miss;. : at : iv^.u^ipo;'''.it»^hajl6s : : Jud-. ■'
sori, .^ral.' ijesep h " ifC^ St&son^ilrs:- John- ;
L ; . Sajbl.ri i '-Mrs. ';■ Kedm'dn'd : '^;Pa yne', : -' : ilf$J
Fi. : /BicFarlaShd;..
Mrs», J.;;JJ., Feei.-Mis^ Anita' Go:riiales; ; ■
Mrs:: Frairtk' Bonrielly'; MrsV '^isTibeck; .'
Madame ; " Francisca.-.Mi^s ;' Gene'yieve
&^fe^;JljritV^3f^^Biiynis r : i -Miis ' Celja.-
Pcrki«s; ■:'■;. Mr&v "Bacon; ' Mrs. : ;AV- ■■-." J:. .
ilaischi;.:ilrs.'J: Martin, Mrf5.- Andfety.
Jackson.'- Martin^ :.M'i?s; Ednah Kobiii--
BQnV .Mrs, JE... A.' -'Bresse; : Mrs.; Schroe-..
der.'an<i.'.'3.. score, or. two ' -mpre; for
tyhose; :-na-mfs ai) unfeeling editpr : re'-' :
fuse«. ine ,si?ace. ;'-. .'■.'.•'.'..■ ■ , : ; •..■-.-. -..-.
: Iti "aH a ruth the Foruitn aflfah- was a
sjpleiydid succesji. .And .thus are' wom
f'n le^rnin^ the art of, good- fellow-- -
f'njp;; the' sweetest gift of us children
feere -Below'. .'■■ . . • ' .. : - ■ .' ■: '■ -
'•':V':': : ;-'- : --'.-"''- ■'■'.■' '..!■■' ..'■"'• •. • >:■ i
'if you desire the appetite and dlges- ■
tiofi«if early years, take. Lash's Kidney
snd' Liver Bittfrs; \.'-/' . . ■■ ••-
Wi>. yu-canhy Mar Die
•The, vrife of John McCarthy, who
Avas.shat -by her husband in. a Market
street. roomihg--house ' on' Septernber
i 9 and who iay.inthe Emergency Hos
pital • at- the r»piht of . death for thirty,
days. . 1* now; In a -"precarious, condition
in. St. Marj-'e •Hospital. On her re
niova.l from thj? Emergency Hospital It
■was thbug-ht- that- t:He ' -might recover.
but a: c'hahge .f or th$..\vofse shewed it
ipeif pir^iliM^t^o^i^^JJoitihtar eye
jfrtght .and. hearing. • /Mcqarthy-; is still
joicked «p. In ; tn.e--.ci.tr" Prison .awaiting
the.residt of .b^ iict..". ! . : .• .: '.' . '■'''■■
■ C5J3L5AN ' C. CONSUL- RECOGNIZED.— B.
Ms;;* has. been -recognised, aa -temporary -Con-.
«Jl-?or--CfcSe at thls.uort. . ■. ■ . '.. : • ."•
; ; \ : : adtertisf:mt:vt& • •". ;
* u '.*'"* . .1
c St Louis
Exposition. :
Grand Prize;
Highest >
Possible
Award
- Has been granted • . • •
Hunyadi Janos
Natural Laxative
. Water..
WHY?
; Because it is
the best!
_
No Breakfast Table
complete without
The Cream of Cocoas.
The Most Nutritious
. . ■ and Economical
Sherwood ft Shenrood. Paclflc Coart Agts.
' EVEKY.BLADEWRRANTED
I CHAtfMIXO ANJ> POi?ULXlt -PKESIOENVT OF TTJE FORUM CLUB^WHO JPRE-
I- SIDED AT- THE WELL ATTEND-ED -AND. DELIGHTFUL, RECEPTION OF
\ '".':': THAT ORGANIZATION ■ OF PROillKEN'T SOCIAL. tiBADPRS. • - . „
PRESBYTERIAN
BRANCHES JOIN
plan }M fw : the
■ ■ Various- . pi '. the
: Church; Is I)ecided ; Upon
'. t'lTTSJUyKU.. r»ov. .(Hi.— une coraifiis
;B'lqin'-;Xe;pre"seriting \ the branches of the
. PriesVyterton •' /church ' .in . this country..
:'mee#ng -n.ere, 'decided. to-day oh a- plan
.-Of . .'fe'deratiion' for "the various churches,
•.the important .step yet .taken to
wardXhe; Ultimate goal of organic un
ion: Rey. D'r; J.;.b. Steele, : secretary of
th>,-conimis.sion,' says' the 'plan provides
fpr- the- ••' establishment" of. a -council,
.which, will -be" called "the federal coun-.
'cIL "of r.eformed .churches in America
."holding the Presbyterian system." -. ■ .
.This 'council, will have 1 no power over
•the: ".worship,- creed or- government: of'
•trie''-' churches, ' which- will remain the
Barhe : as they always have been; •
•The couhQi|, Dr. Steel'e .says, will be
practically a- board of .arbitration. It
will be. composed. of four ministers' and
four, .-laymen .fr9m .each ■ denomination
represented, with an additional minis
ter and eider from each .church- for each
-200.000 communicants; over 200. • Accord
ing' to .this- agreement ' the Northern
Presbyterian church, .with.about 1,000,/
000 memliers; will have sixteen rep're-.
sentatives; .and the other churches will
be represented in proportion.
In mission work the federation will be
a powerful factor. The constant aim of
the federation willbe to guard against
duplication of agencies. Instead of hay
ing missionaries from the Presbyterian,
United Presbyterian and Dutch Re
formed churches in the same places, the
federation will divide the. territory '.and
assign various parts 6f It to the differ
ent" churches. • • . : . ■•!.''■'•. .
• Each -church" belonging "to the federa
tion w-ill retain its own identity in- all
things. '"'• . '. • • ' -.-'• •• .;: •'■'<.
The seven churches which were, repre
sented on the commission are the Re
formed Presbyterian, church of Ihe gen
eral • eynod,- the Reformed Church in
America, the .Presbyterian Church in
the United States of America^ the Pre's
.byterlan Church in tht» United States,
the; United Presbyterian . church, the
Cumberland Presbyterian church and
the .Reformed ..Church, m the "United
States. : v"iV J "■'■"• • •• : ,.'■-•
EIX)PEMENT FOIiDOWTED . ;
.". •- . ' ••. ' BY DOUBIiE TRAGEDY
Giri'i • Stepf atlier .• Kills • ' Bridegroom
and- His Father and Wounds His .
. Brother in Texas.
.FORT.' WORTH; Tex.,^Nov.- 30.' —
Two men have heeh shot "and killed
and another' seriously' wounded by J.
M. Williams, a farmer, "near the town
of' Alvarado. Stephen McKinney, a
young farmer, who had been paying
attentions to the stepdaughter of Wil
liams, -failing: to win his consent to
the "marriage, ran away with # the girl
and married her. McKinney and his
bride returned home and the bride
efoom went to- work on his farm.
•Williams went to the town of Al
varado and bought a rifle. Then, rid
ing out to the field .where McKinney
his father and brother .were at work,
the enrag-ed man without a word ol
warning opened fire. The elder Mc-
Kinney rushed to the rescue of .his boy
and was himself shot dead. The
brother, too, was seriously wounded.
Officers have started to arrest Wil
liams and further trouble is antici
pated.
FORTY. THOUSAND DOLI^ARS
FOR LOSSOP HUSBAND
Staten Islnnd Widow Awarded Dam
ages From an Electrical Com
panjr by Uie Court.
NEW YORK, Nov. 30.— A yerdici
for 940,000 damages has been award
ed in the Supreme Court to Mrs. Anns
Morhard, widow of a Staten Island
physician. Her husband was killed a
vear a*o in the cellar of his home b>
an electric shock.
The defendant company supplied
the current that Illuminated Dr. Mor
hard's home and the suit was broughi
on the allegaUon that the transformei
ufeed to reduce the electric current be
fere it entered the house was out oi
order. *When the doctor touched an
incandescent bulb to turn on the cur
rent it was asserted he received s
death shock from 2400 volts. ,
Commissioner for Porto Rico
MADISON, Wis., Nov. 20.— Graharr
L. Rice." former Railroad Commis
sioner of Wisconsin, received word to
day of his appointment . as Commis
sioner of Immigration , to Porto i; Rico
FHE SAN-FRANGISCO CALt, * THURSDAY," DECEMBER; 1, 1904^
COURT TO NAME
THE GOVERNOR
Result- cif ,tli€ : Election ".in
Coiorad.9 to Be ..Decided
by. the .Tribunal's Ruling;
DENVER, Nov.- SO.:— The State- Su
preme. Court to-day heard argument
on a motion which* has an important
bearing upon the result of the election
of Governor, and members of the Leg
islature in this State. Attorneys rep
resenting the Republican' party have
asked the Supreme Court, which has
assumed original jurisdiction in" the
local election- cases, to Order the Den
ver Election Commission "to throw out
the entire vote of a precinct in which
it is alleged the court's order relating
to watchers was violated, without an
investigation to determine the number
of legal votes -cast and without open
ing the ballot" box.
Should the court Order the vote of
this precinct thrown but' the attorneys
for . the -Republicans will 'demand
similar action in respect to about fifty
precincts, tn which it is' charged that
the court's orders were violated. All
these . precincts gave majorities for
Alva Adams for' Governor, and* by
throwing out the returtur the Repub
lican managers* hope to ' overcome
Adams' majority of about 11-.000 . in
the State and continue Governor Pea
body in office. • ' . ". ... ' ' • ' .''•:
• The control o'f the State Senate also
appears to hinge upon.' the decision on
this matter.. *• :• "• '. ' : -' .
WATSON MAKES A PRElDiOTIQX
Foresees ' Bryan's- Third '•Jfomlnatlon
iv. •' : "and Third HeteaU.'- '."'•':
.• .CRAWFOtlDSVILtiE, .Ga:,".Noy: 30.
Thomas B. Watson, re'centlypandidate
of the" People's party for. President,, to
day, addressed ai large . crowd at thjs
place, the former home 6f Alexander.
H. .Stevens'. : His ; address was. received
with -clo?e attehtipri,'. .but with* po
marked enthusiasm:' H*e spoke in' part
as follows
' '"I mB-ke thta prediction: Bryan will
be-, the 'candidate pf the Derriocratic
party-.i.h 1908",". said Watson, "and I
make .this secorid .pre'dicti6ri: When
Bryan runs ror-'Presldent; in 1808, aa
the candidate ot the' Parker-Belmont
■Cleveland-Gorrnan combine, he will be
a worse beaten "man- than Parker was.''
•TAILOR'S APPETITE .'.
• • ' • I--. CAUSES HIS DEATH
Chokes' oh Chunlc of Beefsteak, 'With
' I Which He Sought to -Appease
"■" 'Hunger.-'
'• CHICAGO, Nov.. 30'.-r-John. Haas,
a tailor, was ravenously hungry to
day' and he. qooked- a Big steak .for
himself, and, being a-lone'in his apart
ments, he proceeded to make a silent
meal of U. In a little while a negro
passed that way_ and at the window of
Haas' shop he saw a man acting wild
ly. He was rolling his eyes, gesticu
lating* and making contortions. The
negro was frightened andr went* his
way, and later reported the case to a
policeman. ly.'.
When the policeman investigatedhe
found Haas dead u»on the ffoor and
reported it as . a case of apoplexy.
Coroner's Physician Springer found
that the tailor, had choked to death
on' a strip of meat four inches long
and two inches wide. ■'■'
Californians in New York,
NEW YORK, Nov. 3O. : — The-follow
ing Californians arrived in New York
to-day: ■■ > -
From San Francisco— J. D. Barne
son, at the Cadillac; M. Bourdon, Mrs.
C. A. Brannan and Miss S. Brannan,
at the Martha Washington; T. C.
Grant,' at the Plaza Hotel; Mrs. B.
Gutzert, at the Hotel Savoy; J. Hare,
at the Hotel Seville;; Mrs. L. Schwa
backer, at the Savoy; W. Best Jr., at
the Hotel Astor; R. Cohen and I. N.
Cohen, at the Herald Square; C. Doo
little and Mrs. J. H. Doolittle, at the
Earlington; H. Downing, at the Bar
tholdi; S. Joseph and Gi A. Mattern,
at the Hoffman House; B. S. Donohue,
at the Imperial; E. R, Jordan, at the
Everett House; Captain W. F. Joseph,
and wife, at the St. Denis; G. G.
Sanchez, at the Grand Union; "R. E.
Truegone and wife, -at the Everett.
From" Lbs Angelesi — J. J. Duffle, G.
M. Lesler and D. W. Murphy Jr., at
the Herald Square. J.
DISPUTED LAW : 18 SUSTAINED.— Tlia
constitutionality of the law making It a felony
for a man to consent to his wife being an in
mate of a disreputable house was affirmed by
the Supreme Court - yesterday. :. The defendant.
Fred, Mead, will have to serve a term In. the
MAY GET PLACE
ON COMMISSION
Merchants Much Interested
in Succession to Position
Held by Yeomans of Iowa
COAST IS COXCERXED.
Efforts, for ■
of Pacific Trade May Be |
Made in San Francisco;
On. December 31 the term of Inter-,
state . Commerce Commissioner Yeo
mans of Iowa -will expire. The busi
ness men of. San Francisco are inter
ested in his successor,' for they warrt
to see a Pacific Coast man get. the
place. Never since trie act creating
the Interstate Commerce'- Commission
was passed has the Pacific Coast been
represented. . • - * ' .
.The conditions peculiar to this- coast
are so different from those existing
elsewhere that it has been repeatedly
urged that 'recognition should bfe.
given to the "Pacific States.. A. strong,
fight in behalf of William R. Wheeler
was -made a few years ago. ThJe com
ing vacancy -insures that a Democrat
shall be selected under .the terms of
the law.
1 . .The present commission is represen
tative of sections in -which the trans
portation conditions are similar and. in.
which', the' sea competition that cuts
so- large a- figure in ' adjusting _ tariffs
for the. Pacific Coast is Je?s essential.'
Commissioner -Knapp is" from Ne<v.
York,' Prouty. from Vermont, element
from Georgia, F.if er from ' Illinois arid
Yeomans "f rom Iowa. . ' . .• .*•
The local commerciarbodies believe
that the" Chicago member of the corn.
mJssron must necessarily represent the
Chicago- te'rrltorj'. which extends "to
the Missouri. River. = On this coast are
qufstlons of ';differentlals and- /carto^d
and' less v'th^h • carload-* lots'. These
problems, are Vital to the continuance
in business of wholesale houses on -'the
Pacific— Coast- and these are'.under
stood very little In the East.
SOLE31X * EXERCISES .nELD .
AT- ST.' IGNATIUS CHURCH
Retreai. Jn Prepai-atlon for Jubilee of
' the Immaculate Conception Con
ducted by Father -Biever.
' A retreat in preparation for the 'Ju
bflee of -the" immacujate- conception
began" last . night at .'St. Ignatius
Church. Af.7:30 o'clock the rosary
was recited and was followed by "a
sermon by the Rev. Al&ert Bieve'r, 'S.
J;, rector, of .LoyoMa College.-New Or
leans, after Xvhich there was the beri-
edlction of the blessed'. sacrament. -
The -sermon treated of "The. End of
Man," being: the first of the spiritual
exercises of St Ignatius. During the
retreat, which/ will close on Thursday
evening, December 8, the Revy Father.
Biever "will continue -the i aerylce.* Each
morning: th'ere •will -be : mass:at 5:iO
o'clock, followed by an instruction by
the. Rev. Father ;Joseph Landry, and
at 9 there will be a sermon by -Father
Biever. At 4. o'clock In the afternoon
there will be the .way of the -cross.
. 'A chronic ' Wcker .is rrever but ; - of . a
job. \ " .*.",: '&s'Z £<$;)
' ' ' ADVERTISTCMKNTS. '
' Li A FrtT fiFDXPn
./ I SHIPPING DEF^RTMENT 1
i "My son;" said Mrs.
■Golden -Gate; "remem-
• ber that you are one of
- . the Golden Gate. family;
- that you represent 54.
years' successful coffee
experience' of 'J. A.
Folder & Co.; that the
reputation of the largest
coffee house 'in the West
is back of you.'
•••Wherever you rfo a
' royal welcome awaits
you."
; -
Nothing does with GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE but talLifacllon. No
prires — no coupon* — no crockery.
Ijand 2 Ib. aroma-ll^ht tlos.
Never sold In bulk.
J. A. Folger (SL Co,
K«t»bli«Hea half a Century
San Francisco
LIEBIG Company's
Extractor Beef
UCHTENS THE BILL. In fact. It lightens
two bills— the kitchen bill and tha bill of fare;
greatly reducing" the amount of tha former,
and adding: brightness, Tariety and attract-
iveness to the Utter.
Thisiigaatu're f}
, - . In bine is on '.•-.(/ im_T^ '*-.&•
every label of .' **{?** -* 1 * 00 ** 4 4
the genuine: £J •"'.; cC'
ICARTERSl CURE s - CK HEADACI^ E:
SBittle Genuine Mud Bear
|IVER" I . Fac-Simile Signature
! Ig PILLS. : ; r -;>^ : '■ '— -«^- '-^
• - ■ .' ' ■ ADVERTISEMENTS. -- . - • ■
The Christmas
' \ FIRST CHAPTERS .OF THE NEW SERIAL NOVEL"
1 BY THE AUTHOR OF "MRS. WIGGS"
Illustrated by W. L JACOBS. • . • . ' S_-. To continue iac sz cxxitKa.
AMBASSADOR WHITE'S STORY OF HIS \ . .
GERMAN MISSION, 1897-1902
• v With cspedal refertnee to the personality of the German Emperor.
Superb Color Reproductions Other Serial Novels by
of Paintings by George Inness, Winslow Homer, . • imc fffnif pwDV WAHfl «tul
Boutetde. Monyel. Mixfield Parrish, Ann* \Vhelan H1K3. MUJliriUfX WAKU OHO • .
Betts, Jacobs; Horsfall; exquisite pictures in tint. KATE DOUGLAS WIGGIN
Five Christmas Stories ■ . • will come during X905, with stories byKlpUnfcCrsrwi.
By well-known- writers,-^ a great Christmas feast of {? rd « > ck , Lo ndon » Anthony. Hop^ Ow«m_Wlst«T v
art and literature. •' Booth Tar kington, and a great list of contribmorm.
Buy the Christmas Number— or . .
Subscribe .for a year ($4.00) beginning with the Christmas number and let us send yon the
November number free. All dealers, or THE CENTURY CO., Union Square, New. York.
If^mi IIUDIA "SAS -FBANQSCO^ '
i^ymiWlPlft LEADlNC.IHEA'iaE
i ■ Seats Now Heady for Ttemalr.lns:
lELEVtiN PERFORMANCES.
'. • This, sjid Neit W.eek.
■ v-,v • matinees Saturdays. . • .•
CHARLES B. DILLJNGHAM Presents' "•
MAXINE ELLIOTT
Jn the Clyde "Fitch Coiiaeay. ' .'
HEJ^ OWNWAY
Sunday Nl^ht. Dec. 4'.^-0ernTan Performance.
. • "IJf WEISSEN -ROESS"U" ■■-■•■-■'.
•; tAl tf-t.Whm Horse Tavern.)
Sunday. Dec. 11 — A /CHINESE HONEYMOON."
: G:RAND'S5S§g
• Matlnjse S«*urd»y'
' U1ST THBJBE NIGHTS . * '
..Tie Show Girl.
. . ■ nJckto . • •
• • • Jt. .» lx V K* • • . •. • •
'. DONT rOEGETTHE ••
Williams .and Walker
.. SEAT SALE BEGIHS THIS
':-; MOEinna — be sxtre Aim
SECURE YOUB SEATS.
' liPBBBBBsSBKSQSSBjgsxBBBBBBBBjBjBjBjBjKasasjBggBj
j . . '. ~
i I'YftlP 14 A 1 I 119 EDDY ST..
j UI IVJV^ • n/*l*aw Above Mason.
The Christmas Play,
The Star of Bethlehem.
The beautiful story for old and youn.ir.
A Literary Curiosity of Our Forefathers.
! The first specimen of comedy in t^e Ens;-
; llsh language is blended with the Tragedy
of Herod and the exquisite poetry of the
, Christian. Nativity.
Old Music. Christmas Hymns and Carols.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK AT 8:15.
' ■ TO-MORROW (FRIDAY) AFTERNOON,
at 3:30. (Especially arranged for converf-
" ienc* «if students.) , .
1. . SATURDAY MATINEE AT 3.
" - $1 60; ?1, 75c, Special rates for students.
I LAST WEEK OF THE BEU- GREET PLATERS.
' • (Absolutely Fireproof.) -
H. Wl BISHOP..... Lessee and Manager
TO-NIGHT m^hTs. ' TO-NIGHT
■25c— MAtlNEE TO-DAY— 25c
• Oliver Morosco (Offers
' • Howard Gould — J. *H. Ollmonr \
And the Majestic .Theater Company in ' .
The Unabridged Production. According to the
Author's Script, of Augustus Thomas'
Great Play,
"IN MSZZOURA"
REAPPEARANCE OF -ADELE BLOCK.
\ i Next— "THE" SENATOR/'
1 0PERA~f|YO|J HOUSE
A new Tlvoli tri- f ■■•*- I •'■'
umpb. at popular I |% nlllVnT
price!*, cf the great 1 II. |U III 111
Corner Opera Succes»s I M I W I J* 111
by Pixley and Luders. O *.
in three acts, called: ™j th t >\
f^Wlkldr* • tivoli^ca'st:
EC I IV ft « • Including: Willard
Aftll™ V Slmms. Teddy
Webb. Edwin
1?V VVAk ' tt" 1 **. William
Dlf lllB Ben Dll-
!LJ^-P RJrx^Jr Ion. Irene Outtrlm.
— * Edith Mason, Dora
de Filllppe, Bessie Tannehill.
* Seats Always Selling— Reg. Tivoll Prices.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
r. Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
"'■-'*( Mats. Saturday and Sunday. .
The greatest Eastern success of recent years,
I first time here of the excellent comedy
I * * drama. ■ . .
THE LITTLE CHURCH
AROUND THE CORNER
A tale of /real life! Humor! Pathos! Wit!
The Insane Asylum at Black well Island.
The Fleht . In - the Tower. . i • .
Xrou . and the ■ blizzard.
POPULAR PRICES— Ere. 10c to 00c. Mats.
';'-., 10c, 15c.. 25c.
Next— "THE . SUBURBAN."
• MISCELLANEOUS A3IUSE31EXTS.
: BASEBALL.
Los Angeles vs; Tacoma
POST-SEASON CHAMPIONSHIP.
-AT RECREATION PARK.
jBHsslBsK Eighth and Harrison sts.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY . and SATURDAY,
. ■■■■'. S:45 P.-.M.
. SUNDAY. -2:30 -P. M."
LADIES FREE TO-DAY AND FRIDAY." :
. . Advance S&Ia of Seats at 5 Btocktoa si..' y.
A3IX?SE31ENT&.
TONY LUBELSKI General Manager
A Mountain of Novelties— The Whole City
Flocking to S«e the Wdnderful Acts.
SURPRISES" FROM START TO FINISH.
PEOPLE'S • .
OPaLAR
RICES
10c and 26c— no higher.
Greatest Vaudeville Performance for the
prices In" the wj»f-ld. Children, to Any part of
tbe theater, 10c. ' Performance every afternoon
at 2:30. Dv-efy jevenlng at 7:30 and 9. Con-
tinuous Saturday and Sunday Matinees from 2
. to S. Continuous Saturday and Sunday Even-
ings from" 7 to- 11. Ten high-class "HeadUn-
. ers." Startling hew -European moving pic- •
tures. Change of Programme Weekly. _
SURPRISES and NOVELTIES
SAM ELTON
"THE MAN WHO M^ADE THE SHAH
LAUGH";
Marsruerlte LeHoy and Sljr. Onlielmo
Kic%i; Josnelta Trio; Clement d* Lion.
; and Orphenm Motion Pictures. Show-
lnir "The Lost Child" and Other Novel-
• tle«." • .
Last Times of * Sir. and Mrs. , Sldner
Drew; Webb's Seals; DeWltt. Burns
and Torrance, and Tyce and Jermon.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
\ Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c.
A T rS ATA T"»Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR rasa
»q«fi General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— Mats. Saturday and Sunday.
P?^^"^^™ "^ The Greatest Stock Ctftn-
1^| |T> pony In America In Hall
g |i*lXL» Calns's Master Work.
/~~| CHRJSTIAN I
A Powerful • Drama Powerfully Played.
MI?S LAWRENCE as GLORY QUAYLE.
MR. <?RAIG as JOHN STORM.
Eve.. 25c t» 75c. Mats., 25c to 50c •
*Dec. 5. — J. M. Barrle's Excellent Comedy.
THB FBOPESSOR'S LOVE STOBT.
, CALIFORNIA
I THIS WEEK! ' ' B
The San Francisco Favorites, |j
GALLAGHER & BARREH |
- In the Evergneen Success, II
FINNIGAN'S BrtL-lw U
NEXT SXXNUAY MATIHEI! 9
H The William H. West Minstrels. |
H ; A Great Organization Including ft
' M rREDEEICK V. BOWEBS H
£3 The famous singer and composer. L
3 author of "Always." "Because." ete. H
M Featured with the great Ktralfy Spec- H
»] tacle at the St. Louis Fair. Biggest 2
5 'act ever seen In minstrelsy. •?
Hisrh-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
und Evenlnsr In the Theater.
TO-NIGHT! ELECTRIC POXTNTAIH .
DISPLAY
■— -• — And —
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE.
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE *
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD %
The Reigning Sensation of Coney Island and
the World's Fair.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
ADMISSION.. 10c I CHILDREN ,.6c
When Phoning Ask for The Chutes.
Racing! j^Raciiis!
New <4J$jT Jockey
California ■ y^ > Club
OAKLAND TSACX.
. Commencing SATURDAY. November 12.
Racing every week day. rain or shine.
Races start at 2:19 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Ptuldent. '
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
W-N fXV^SHUSaSB^KsWBHsBBBsVBBB^HBR^RS^B^S^RslV*/)^
(1 ."PATENTS! J
MARKET ST. a^SssS^
WEEE3JCALL
16 Pa^es. $1 pep Year
stAteVvleint.
CONDITIOX AND AFFAIRS
ROVAL*
INSURANCE COMPANY -
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THB 31ST
day or December. A. D.. 1903. and ror th«
yar ending: on tbat day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to* the provisions of section* (DO
• and 611- of the Political Code', condensed aa
per blank furnished by tha Commissioner:
Cf ' ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $2,174,460 43
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 321.000 00
.Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 4.4S8.1B3 05
Cash In Company's Offlc« 3.881 4O
Caah In Banks... 708.371 13
Interest due and accrued en all
Stocks and Loans 82.933 13
Interest doe and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 739 gg
Premiums la due course of Col-
lection 633.222 97
Rents due and accrued 7 474 23
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losaes already paid. 43 299 8a
Amount receivable under Perpetual
Policies 1.173 C4
Total Assets...... 1.18.654.633 Ta
LIABILITIES. ~ '
Losses adjusted and unpaid $53,424 M
Lovses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense......... 317.124 37
Losses resisted. Including expenses 64.238 SO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. (3,438 •
203 93; reinsurance 60 per cent. 1.719 801 99
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning mor* than one year. I4.8S7 -
. 008 81; reinsurance pro rata 2L382.44B 41
Amount reclaimable by the lnsur*4 ■—"*—"" V
on perpetual policies - 104.104 «*
Liabilities under the Life Depart- ""•*"• *"
ment 100.583 33
Due and ascrued for salaries, rents, '
au otheV*LikbVuVieiIX;i;iIII.*I.*I Maleta itf
.Total Liabilities $3.33».U» K»
INCOME. ~ '
Net cash actually received for FW*
premiums $4.90S.7Sfl 13
Received tor Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 33.207 13
Received for Interest aad dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 13a.1T* 4.1
Received for Rents '. R3.192 «
Total Inoom*: '..$3,240,827 ;i
EXPENDITURES. ~ " ~~
Net amount paid for Fir* Losses
(Including (330.222 62 losses' of
previous years).. .......... 12.4TS.899 34
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 831.083 34
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chances for officers, clerks, etc. . 38S.2M 27
.Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes MX087 04
AU other payments aad expendi-
tures : 833. 870*37
Total Expenditure* ....*.. .'...$4.191.004 99
Losses incurred daring th* ye*r. .»2.4S«,331 64'
KUk9 and. Premiums' Fir* Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of
Risks written
during the year. $968,608,923 84 $7,309,711 OS
Xet . amount of
Risks expired
• during the year.. 713.006,432 6« 7.018,187 39
Net amount in
force ' December
31. 1003 8Qg.SS3.893 04 -8.328.302 7 4
E. F. BEDDALL, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 234
day of January. '18O4.
EDMUND HARVET. Notary Publla.
Head Office Assets S66.M7.S31 CO
Fir* Premium Income. 1003 {14.241.704 OO
Agents Throughout tha World.
Pacific Department: T-
Rojal Building, cor. Pine and Saosoms Sts.
SAX FRANCISCO, CAL.
ROLLA V. WATT Manager
JNO. T. FOGARTT. Asst. MgT.
F. B. KELUM. Branch Sec'ty.
PflianP DON'T FAILTpi
Id latC gee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Ifin room, the EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
ITf/Hla LOUIS XV PAR-
Dj. 1 DIES* WRITING
I Hotels 1 gooM -
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
< Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
.on Application.
TRUSS AITS SAI.T MHATS.
nc n.VtC *• Tft Shipping Butchers. 109
JAS. oOltj & WU. clay. Tel. Main 1284.
I.BAIT KOO7S AJn> SXTUORTS.
. All Winds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal "Works,
117tt-U78 Mission st. Phone Main 5461.
0U.B.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A ELLIS.
413 Front st.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
E.C.HUGBES, «x sa^STS: * r.
910
TWO GAME FIGHTERS BRITT AND NELSON TO MET THIS MONTH
FIGHTERS ARE UNABLE TO AGREE UPON
A MAN FOR REFEREE.
Meeting^ArrangedforChnstnias Week
. Ba.ttli.nF '-JCelstiin' has ',* finally .realized",
¦the ambition- he has been nursing for
fome months, as' article's were signed
lett night for a-. meeting' "between him
.self and Jimmy Britt. to take ace un-:
der the auspices "of the yosemite Club.
on, the; night of Abe. 20th inpt. in Me
: chanic*' Pavilion. The fighters "liryto"
receive 55 per cent ;'ot\ gate receipts.
Of this the. winner will take 60 per <".etit
and "the. 16se"r.-40 i>e.r. Cent,"- Hrrtt : " woutd
have preferred - a larger. phur< for the '
Inner..- but .deferred • to • tfft. w'ljiheii .of
Manager .Murphr/i^'hb; acted fOr NVi I
Eon in' \he proceedings'.. The.! nieil aiv to
\veigh- .1.32". pp\inds~at .Harry rbett's at
€ o'clock on the ¦; night - of their en- ;
counter. •. ".¦.;.:-";." ''¦'/ ¦¦:'.'¦.'•• ¦"•¦-••'. " : -":'' "¦¦.-¦'"¦' ''>• .¦•
• -There -'war. no hitch in .the arrange
'inents until the all-important matter <•?
'.a referee- for -the ilfght- was , r«tuhed.
After : . a .long and h°e.a-te'd.'.;.:dis&us'$ij6tt''
.'Brittaiid MurpHy ; .to . meet. '^f an-;
ager Jim .eoffroth-this ai.ternoqri; "v'hen:!
they wiil discuss. '. th6.-mai.ter, ;n private
. ari4 nj^^jt^ Tfjf Vfe^'jKl^P^T^V'r^
.. '• Manager. Murphy suggf sfed the tianiw
of Billy: :R6chiey .BrirtVeippfessed % : pref- :
efetict>;fpr- Eddie;, ari*y. FayinK fie.- hail'.,
nex-er -figured. <>n>Rpche.;. refereHjig - 'a:
. fight' for him,'ashf:had,aiw^s: ; beeh';^rt l
v ith the neff'iP In the
.Tiyal ; caitins. . 2 . MartAger ' "Murphy '- s'aTd .
, that >ould hold good with him regard-'
Ing ¦Eddie <iraney. ac the lalter had al
."ways been. P.ritt > friend. Brrtt wanted
' actipn-. on the' matter of a referee de-.
'£ erred until It <:ould be diScUspea in pri
' vate. a« lie fealCl', he did not . wan : - b'iS;
views on < the ' available men :;. 'spread;
broadcast. "V •"•'. ••.-. .".".",-?.. :'^ •"'.•'••- vv :
DEBATE REFEREE QUESTION^ :
"Do you object to Graney -refereeing
' our. fight ?"' asked Britt. : ./: ¦;/ y -y -'• > .
• f Tes." . replied Murphy; "although I
believe him honest.*'.. ••':' '• '¦'¦'.".'•,:
ADVE31TISE3IEXTS.' * . : '.-..
Columbus, Ohio, May 19, X903. •
Some four years ago I vvas suffering
from impure' "blood and a gcaenrl run-
down ccuditiori of the system. I had no
eppetitie, Tjas losing flesh, and had an all-
gone tired feeling that made me xnlsera*
ble. I began the use of S . S, S., and
after taking seven or eight bottles znyskia
was clcaredof all eruptions and took on a
ruddy, healthy glow that assured me that
my blood had been restored to its nor«
mal, healthy condition. My appetite was
restored, as I could eat anything put be«
fore me, and as I regained my appetite
I increased in weight, and that 4 'tirea feel-
ing" which worried me' so much disap-
peared, and I vras once again my old sell.
I heartily recommend S. S. S. as the
best blood purifier and tonic made, and
strongly advis:: its use to all those in need
of such medicine. Victor Stubbies.
Cor. Barthman and Washington Aves.
Wheeling, W. V., May 28, 1903.
My-system was run down and my joints
ached and pained me considerably. I had
used S. S. S. before and knew what it
was, so I purchased a bottle of it and have
taken several bottles aad the aches and
pains are gone, my blood has been cleas-
ed and mv general health built up. I can
testify to ifcas a blood purifier and tonic.'
'533'Market St. John C Stein.
B*L Iffik ak write us and our
xa physicians will
L Jl k M k JB blood and skin
KSj&jr *^§F UJggF diseases sent free.
. The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
SIG,VtX(>;THE.A-TlTlClifi.S*^)ft ; THE- t
• ..EIGHT. ■.•"BEnr.EE'N: 5IUTT. A^D- ■•*.'■
: BATTIjING '.-XfcLSOX/ .•■•.- •'-"-. ■• ; ->.(
: ." ;.''i.' thmlc ;.2-qii(:Wlk>qi : k 1 ;J d«?er.' tp'-'mev tp;
this^matter^* said :Birat|. "-,.!.:•; ; '10?. y :^.
■.■"No tin?; has eve;r'--.questiohed..-R"oche. >^
. :.**Thefe"."haa neveribVen ".any'-dtfiliUHy
Tn : ,.s;electing;' ;a ; ;Te.feree.. f p'p'V rifyy fighf s;'*
S.aid : .,j?rjty .^This i| siioivij; by .the 'fact '
that- : I ' -hkvij,- ■■^6n.e' : 'd6 ; wti'- . tnft': line'-'and"
taken ' e\'f r y'-.goj6a;.-nejere'e, 16*-. San'"Fj^ah-.-
I TnaUer,-.;as ! i tji? .>l. .Very/ iniiJortaH t "^nJ&.
and . I .really. h^id noCjjlyen/ it;;a "tHo.uglit
'fee"f Oire 'I-'camb .'■up, hiem':; I" Uke- 'GraWy.
a.nd)ydu.JJ'kfi "S.oyt, :^}'^rii : nqi:try^
-mgV-tD '.vttr-c'e.^jGira'rieyyoc" : yp\j,-: : but'.:y6'u :
■ seeirit aiTxIo'uk'-.tp''foree : : .m.e.-"W;e
.wiit;jiivie • ri(x, .difJtc.iiuy-. irj : 'ge.tijfn.gi ; .a;.gb;da
*i^^*a : -£lie^^^^*^//Dum'^e^Vif>{X't^t(^;
' Jiere: .WSat^O you ,think:-pl , jac^k '^V'eteii
•Eddle.'SfnithT} 1 ";?*'£':. '•?£?££::}■.
•The. Eas'jern'iireaa! Svouid'Jprphabi'y. start
.jip'/th.e - s^o^', of; andthex.CGa-ns;"; atfa{r;
ahd would- .h.aLve'-..lt;-.eithiSr.'.'t.feat" ;^el.sj&n:
.■oi^t.'-\r- j 'A '.y?z~ : .v T 'i •/';.;/ :^_ : - v'-x ';'■ '-J,..'-.-.' '■. ;:■>
•..•"vAfeTiGLps . oir'y%Qi^i^MES'T^.;;'': :: (
-'•The ..[ rei.eree - 'question -,:wais •' '•.flriaily'
.paired over a^id the' otner details- -w"ere.
quickly*, .disbb^ed. -pf/f-Brit'jt : :wiir- go ;to
Alameda" to-night' tal take' 'lip. -.his.. "old
quarters at- Cro'll's Gardens. N-elsorkwijl
take three", or: ■• four, xiaya'- relaxation'
about town. arid will then return • to!
Larkspur 1 to resume training. . The artl
clesof agrewnent follcwv in' full:^ '• :
;-.-'. • ... SAJf.-JraANCISCO. "November SO, 10M.
•-^ain«»;J>d«iraXtl.:IJrHt- nnJ-.Haitllag Nelson
li«'retiy''anve\ to'-bax tw«uy rounds b*-:ore the
• .^ToseinUe Ciub c( San I'racetvio en the eVenln/i
!.©r:-"I>«i.enil>»r -y,-I?v'{, Xcr Si per cent of the
• rrois'r*c.«!pts.'.'to fce.'diylded €0 per. cent to the
■rinner '.in* 40 ; per. cent ' ta . .the loser, under.
Marqu!* zt.Qvttailtirty 'va\tt, at 131! pounds at
6 o'clock. ■.•-•'.':;•:.' .-".:•"■;";■.-*••/•:" ' " •
Cont*staut» 'to .wrSclt . iii at Harry Corbett'*.
prison a n-I.Tirltt *«!••• to deposit -with Harry
Ccrbett ?•"<«> as a forfeit for weight and com
pliance ntStfc"- thtr* Article.- or agreement.
.Xelson as<l'Uritt acrre to select a referee toe
their contest' on vr frier to 'December 6. 10O4.
Kelson 'anil Tirltt a«rce t» report on the even
tor tf. th» contest not: later than b:30 p. m.,
ar.'S tuVr.ilt:tu an /examination by the club's
t racial phy*!fi«'n prior thereto. .'-.'
.. • :.--v':JIMMV "BIUTT.v,
'::■'.■■■:■':"'■■' /.'■TED'*lt t «l»K.V ; : : '; ' . .
.-:'■}/.'.•: V.Vv; :.-.-•• :-.-. #: • tVor Battllnif Nelson),
'.•"*•: .v • :--HAJUir KKEGAN MONAHAN.
-,■'■■'-••-••.-;.••...■■■-:.'••" 'i<IV>r.-theY«)»enilte Club).
Vt'lT!it-«P»s: Chart** :-\T. ' ICreHng. Waldemar
* Y»uar. H.' KeIty,.A«sh»ton fn>!th, K.idie F.
•' "..H»»I*y. .JBatnej; Olidili.';, v- • . ■ . .
■ lJelsoa:;:f eem^d' 5 : none the worse for
his <ie5P»rate.V*ririg. ; ;chgagement with
Young Corbett J on 'the- previous night.
He camc"but'oC:tne''ttflTair uninjured as
to hands' orljojy," the .only memento he
had to'^EhQW/ibelnK.aVallght discoloraV
J tion :*oV€r'hla;i^t/,eyc.*'.' Young Corbett
I was' also •on'tKe'sirc'et.'be'aring all the
mark3'vrhlch.wonld*!ndlcate the, terrible
punishment; he received. . He was .fully
as distressed in mind as in body and
seemed unable to think ; as to ■ what
his .future plans \ would be. He met
Brltt some hours after the . fight arid
pleaded with' him for; a match. thi3
month. He insisted .'that he did not do
himself Justice in his fight' with Nel
son and that he was still the ;best
drawing.' card Brltt could meet. • Neither
Britt nor Manager; Jim Coffroth took
this r ,view \ of it and -went ahead .with
their arrangemerits for. a match with
Nelson.
CORBETT PAYS PEXAIiTT.'
Corbett has at last paid, the terrible
price for', his neglect .pf : his*, training.
This . la • not the. first • tlrne . he has gone
intothe Ting physically; unfit,; but it is
the flret tinie disaster overtook hlm,"al-
THE SAN FRANCISCO- GALL, THURSDAY, "dEGEKiBEr'; if- 1904.
■I. though Eddje'.-.Hanlon' "nearly- ..caught,
j him.- 'unawares/in *' "their first- . battle.
' T.rairiihg!has .alWaj's-'.^een. a drudgery
• ."ivith.GorbetC-whp.ls- nOf.anienab'le' to
the! discipline of "hiss, handlers^ He /'elt
lie was"': -paying ' the; bills' and/ that .;he.'
. colald ■ jgo'yeFn -.himfe'elf -acco.rdingly : and :
: do c .aa .he'.ple'a'sed* ' .He. -knew, since • his"
;last'niee'ting 'with;: Britt'that gftoneii 'o'r>
later- he -.'Xouid. meet- -hrm .in ihe ring
'agaip-.-; Instead ,ot- . pupating -gradually
; against 'this' : day'-;*Jie— loi>k :'U*fe -ea.s'ny
"since -iast. 'Ma.reh 'and allqio,'ed.'-"nimsVlf i
.]'to.:&p:;'er)t.irel-y' but ot .canilitibn.. .'-.When;.
•! ; h'ew.ent- to' She 6ria.ri.-s .'t'o cojnrpente:his!
rtrainirig; three* •\v.eej{s-. ago he yvelghed
] i48 poynds":" ■:T.en-.p'QundB-o^:'thi p s .eaiifie
.off. to the' first." two."da'*xs r ;^tnd:..th*en °it
' "sgerhed -.-fmpoesi.bl.e to .'-take- off "another*
.ounce.'- He'.worked;hifns*?lf iHto.a.'fe'ver
•J &h:..ct)pd'.t-iqn tryjh'gao^get'fid-jbi'tnis
we'ight.; ; If.^vl;ll pr.'p^ably. .never b>Tcrt,ov»rn!'
j hm\; .'riau'cli :Joyer.w":&igti.t.: he'.^s/p^i- the
; •'n-i.g'hjt .'.o'f.'.h4s:"flg;ht...w1tf}- "NelsjJn.. --Tnere •
5 ..w"a»'spm6:.jiiiggjh3"g : .".wltjh;ih,e'scjifesi - a*nd
taJthoJugH.C[qri}ett;seenle.<3 qi>l^"dn /Ju'n'c^
■.lOT*so.i)v<?r-.th;e;'tvejglit-.f'?9u"pe^[" }\d-')risiy'.
■ .h'^'ve .'beeh-.' considerably'; imbre: v Z "'. : ••-. •
: .'-.. .Spe'cijl"iU9ri>is ' already 'rif^' as.' to-.'the
'.©iite'o'mp .9"f;tiie / ."i}atU'e\"bet\\:ecn'-I^ T eisqn."
•arid\BKtt. : ."T.hV .Dane •seelms-Jrliper.yioHH •
: .to. ■• piihtsHrnejif .- •" nq /: : oMe."h'avln%. '.."been
- :able -Up ;(o,.'tri'e pf ese'nt ii.me to. liu'rt him,"
" ;it\;is r^f^^yJESrllSw^i&yj tp; keep
• 'ii|mVAC-'^ton^- : 'rang'e-,-.rad>rioi- take'.- a
; chance-. of./ <nft'jhtingV;witn'" so'-hard ,--. a:
■ ;ciqrstomi?r..v : .- •■';■.■.■■;' 'f^v'":' -i" : ';-".' ••■-"•*.'. ■
spBlxft' VAiiiiliY;;. sghoo ji- A ;:.;/;
■'-,>.\' ■■■■'. v.'4>^.FEAT^-;.^DX^/SfflyETSW
•; .. : .>; ; " "'. : ; ',. ;'.'■.[■ Atliletic' &taiinila.y •'■:' *S:."/ <i -.
'.: ;.*rh'e. >^pr.ing Variey •Grairimat; Sch6o;l
•We*y!en".'d*j.fe.kfe"d' ' l.hd; ''Adani's ;*<jp|jmQ
politan, Scnp'oi teani'. jjv'a*.footb'ilf gam.e
-J. •ktV/iKe.'.presidib'i.'athleJJc'
grpurMis":-.'.' •Jlh'e-'.eifiYens-t- broke- :kbo.ut
p'veri .In -tb^ flrst-.'haif,-' p'n-f-lin. the. sec-,
.orid th"e'- : ' Spring -.:'. Valley." yd.ungs.ters
•pou-nd.ed -jsteaUily at -the-. Adams'. line ;
(qr.a touchdown':' The .rest. of. the
■half^ was. played • in ' darkness,- ;'the'
Spring- Val'lty. team stfli' hammering
holes] in the Adams Mne." Trife whistle
sounded.' with; 'the- ball close to- the
Adams goal.' Score, : 5' to 0. • •
••/.' I«*-olIbwing ".'is. the -line-up' of., the
•teams:-. "'.'• . .'•;■" . • .. • .- •'
' "Sprlnff"; Valley. < Positions.' •'• ' -Adams.
Ktann. . .'.'. .'..;. .'L: E. ft ......:..- ;. .'. liray.
lMKantrI.....*.:.iL. T. V. Palmer (baptain) ,
Owlcmartor!.*.', ; L.-G. R..* ....Smith
Kohltj.ii. . : . ....... ... .C. .......-....'. Landsberg
• Shall?ur+jscr.. j .i R. G. L....". ....... .Bumbough
HtaO'.'.M.... '....- It. T. !,.... I.... Bero
Douglas .*. II., E. L. ........... Roscovleri
' C 1 b.«on . . . . ." .*.>... Q ."..'..».. Worrel
Siedentoff : . L. II. R :Hyde
Corcoran. ....... R. H. L. Williams
Skov (captain) '..-.'..: F-, McCall
ICngllsli lilevcri to Play. Here.
•' NEW-- YORK. jfov. 30.— G. O. Par
ker, American '.representative. f of ; the
Ccrinthlsjn* Football Club of England,
is planning a{tqur bf^the United State's
and Canada for his eleven next year.
He has. visited -'many cities and has
obtained*. considerable encouragement
fo"r- garow.;* It is expected the team
Avlir.'jvlay'. 'thatches . in . San, Francisco,
Chicago, T'Usburg, Philadelphia, \ New
;Y.ork .arid; Boston 'and. also in' all the
leading cites in Canada. ;
Good. Prices for -Harness [Horses.
NE\V YORK, Nov. .30.^-During ■ : the
Old Glory sale of horses which olosed
to-night at-- Madison - Stfuare Crardeh
987 head'were sold for $447, 775 % .The
•only previous sale: at which the' total
exceeded ."this --amount was - that - of
1901, when 9 20 horses brought $499, -
•>r r. HHKHHBtt9mHKASE
Wrestler Is Challenged.
Jack Carkeek, ; the famous, catch-as
catch-cari aiid Cornish wrestlef, is try
ing to -make ; a match with .Tim • Me-
Grath's Algerian. The latter* is . "a
GraecorRoman' wrestler, a style; with
-whlch\Cafkeek is hot familiar.; . '
ARCADE CAPTURES THE HANDICAP,
BEATING GATEWAY HALF A LENGTH
MUD PERFORMERS
LIKELY TO LAND
BY FRED E. MULHOLIiAND.
First race— Albemarle, Blacks
thorn, Nullah.
Second race — Babawy Macen'e,
Lillitus. ,
Third race — Pickaway, Mimo,
Alice Carey. «
Fourth race — Ishlann. G. W.
Trahern, Red Cross Nurse. '
Fifth race— Briers, North
West, Chickadee.
Sixth race — Nlgrcttc, Sir
Preston, Sol Llchtenstein. • ;
Profitable, : at Odds . of 30
to l yi Furnishes a Big
BELL. BEED IN FRONT
Willie Davis and "ifig Bill"
■: - Knapp Diyide Saddle ..
. Honors. :■ '
BY! FRED E. MPLHOijIiAXb; ' -.
• A splendid opportianity.was afforded
the mudlarks ' at ' Oakland •yesterd'ay to.
show their callbef, = There /.wais a. nice
n&val blue coating of mud on -the..track;
not" the sort -that p'ull& off. 'plttfes .Xnd
bows ..tendons,- but -real- slirny," oozy,
splashy, muddy mud.' ' ■''■ ' '"' '. •••...•.
The riders .re'turned. '• " to '. s'alu.te .- "the
judges'after the finish^ of. -a rate i.6aking
like breaker -boys^-tn "a- Pehhsylyania
coal mine, but they appeared, to-enjoy'jt. 1 .
'Two favorites came ' thfough, .also* /a
bbunte9us jcrop of" long'shoisl ifr.ofltktole,"
appropriately named' on this par"ficuiar
.occasion.- tdok a riurse; at. odds ol.-SO to
1," While. Bell Reed and"^*Qunga'nnon,;Ve*: .
turned haodsorae j3i\ideijds' jtp-'lijyegt
ors. .":. • *-' ..; . ""'. : v.. : . '•••'• V' ■ '•.•■.'.• .v ■';.■; .
• The. handicai), "or\-er;'a".rhilei.. went", to
Walter Jennings, whose/ Arcade,! carry?
Ing 10* pounds and .ridden by. pWvis.'dQ-'
■ feafe.d-Gaieway half a -lgfn'gth 'K a.driy>
irig-flnish. -The latter and Elliott divided
favorltlsni' honors ai thei'commencenient"
Qf . the betting. Then .the brdk'ersfbegan •
buying un- Axcade.'it 'fourfl, finally fienil-'
ing the; Jennings 'entry to -the post Ja-'i
vqrite; =.' -." '.-« ..•.•.■-•■' •■••.:"..! - ;•'*":/• • '■
• '. : ji;udge, /Afcad'e, .'Artahiasi: .and .Gate-way"
ran ' well -b.ujnebed . for.", half tl\e.-'J6urneyC."'
Mickey. .McLaughlfri,'- astride' Qateway'
got- .pinched- out' of- his.'- pos.ittQn . on the
back stretch'. The .three-year-old.- was
;hbt:'beatferi' ; and .tackled. Arcade- in-'. -the
strfitch- after* Judge" and Ananias ■'had
.flott'o,-' .". \; .'.!.*; '".■/:•. ••.?/ '.. ; ".■••••. . ".*.■=
|/..' ■-:.-• GATEWAY* . : .iS -:BEATEX'..; :
'/'Unquestj-ohably' the severe race ruribV
jjatew'ay the* day •'-before' 'did' not- serve.
°to # sharpen hfs' speed, and. in an e'xcjtfng
. finish-; helostliyiialf. a lengtn.- Elliott
• moVed along • when.*, the 'numpefs . were
wp,- running ah. excellent third..- '. ".'v:- .
'• 'Johnhy/Kchdir-'-s Gorderi-.Buck, : with
.'."•Big-BiU" ';Khapj» 'in.*the.^addi'e( cap'-^
tiired-" the opening- selling scfam'ble f ox
;two«-ye"ar'-.prds/-The son pf • Bocjj; Mas.-'
• sie- ruled." a "p foflouhced •fa\^orife-"ih the
•bett-Jnlj:,. "a'ti"d',.'Jeadirig "almost, f fom-'the.,
•start,*; scared: easilj? "by* fQur- lengths.:-
Saker.'.a' 3*0-".tV."i : snot; "br'Qught- Op.
."*r>;"3Iieh"'riels irt'time .to' nose out Velna
:f di'.th'e. .place.* •• Ed'na' Sujli'van/;the ?ec-
.apjd' chbice,." .finished' fourth". . ; • ] .'• • "..■'•' * •
";• Q'n'.'.paStperfqrniangei' Foxy -Grand
pa •.I6yked..m€rs"t.;eligib"le"bf (he -dozen'
.'Vn'-th'e . seven.-furlorig' "eellihg
a.ftair -which.. followed. -\Thfc;broken
nose-'black-..oolVs odds -.were-.; forced
do'W'.ri ta.'3'to'-2 favoritisun' arid he .fln-"
i^hed. 8e.e.ond." Profitable, ' a ,30 and* "4 0 -.
to. l.sttot,. "piloted- by McBride, guicjtiy
sbotto./the. :iront after the' start.and
.w'oii-- all- vfh'e . way..-'. In a drive '• Sfe p :
.Around ..'disposed ' of. •Conistab.le -.'for
'show; hqrrors.. -J 1 .' • • :..[■"'■!■
;I?|<:iyIi IUi*"ep •qUTBREAkS FIELD.
■'. ..'Ah<JtJie'r-.'.favorlte ran'.s|eoond iti the
■flveVaij'd-'.a h,aK' .furlong, sprint, next]
deCid.ed;-'". "W. Davis 'was'- carded' to .ride"
Pr"." .Shet-rnan-and '.at 'tne-.scant price
-Qf-6;t'o 5: the. gelding was heavily sup
ppriedj \The.staft wasistca'ggling; wi-th.
Bell- "Reed -outbreaking his field.* .'The
favorite * made, a strong *' bid" for. It
through the. stretch, "but Sherwood, on
.Reed;" had" .plenty,. in reserve,, winning
easily, Edinboroughi the third choice,
finished in the- show.. . The. -winner
•clor.ed at ocjds 'of- 7'to 1.- • : ••
Young Lloyd ; Fountain wa's tlame'd
for /losing the fl.fth- event on Bronze
W.ing', • the] favorite, and beyond ■ques
tion.- Davis, who "piloted . Hipp'oriax, did
i outflnl.sh-."h"m. The first choiceipassed
j San -Lution'.on the far. turn, and, with
j a. clear lead entering: the stretch, there,
looked to be nothing to it. ' Mean
time Davis had been hard at work. on
, Hipponax/and, movhig along by de
• grees" from a rear position, nailed*'
. Bronze Wing a short neck on the wire,
Sugden, under moderate handling, ran
a" fair\ third. Hindoo Princess : quit
after displaying, some early speed. .
"Big Bill" Knapp, on. Dunganhon.
an 8'to 1 shot, stole. the last race over
one and a sixteenth miles. Wright
made all the .running .with Anvil and
in the run home there didn't look a
.chance of overhauling > him. Then
Wright reverted to his old .habit of
•glancing around at the bunch\follow
i ing. Knapp grddually qrawled up on
j him" w^thi Dungann'on and in- a fierce
| drive was awarded a nose decision.
• Major Tenny rah third. Isabelllta, the
j favorite,- ran an indifferent ratei^gHg
.TRACK' -NOTES.
W.' Davis was there again with his
usual two winners.
Bookmaker Joe" Harlan, who> start
ed off the Reason $15,000 loser,:man
agr^d^to recoup to the extent of $ 6000
the "* last ';. three days at Oakland*.
That, nose decision ln ; the last "race
was Worth Just $2000 to the '6wners
of * ., *
When 'Fille , d'Or was thrown
against fence in ■ a bumping: match
on the stretch; turn Mlckey*McLaugh
lin had one foot severely bruised.^
; }[ Nineteen ' books* cut "in, " the . . same
number'; as at the ; previous drawing.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAKLtAXD— -Wednesday,. Nov. 30. Weather cloudy. Track sloppy.
T491. F.IRST RACE?— Five. furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Indfe *( Horsa and Owner. . Wt St. %. \i~. %T"str~Fln. Jockey. OP- CT *
J*J3 Golden Buck (Mrs. Schorr).. 101 2 ... 1 U 1 3 1-4 14 W. TCnapp. 8-fi 6-5
•«5 Baker. (J..J. McAlester)...'.. 104 4 ... 6V44 45 2ns H. Michaels 10 SO
-i«f lna i U .% M ' Van Gordon).. 101 6 ... 4 2 3 3 2 2 3 1 J. T. Shehn » »
i-lnl S na SullIv »n (P. Sullivan). 86 9 ... « a S V, 5 8 4 6 J. Kelly «-2 •16":>
<4Jo Mlzpah (Summers & Co.) 97 1 . 3 14 2 1H3 *4 5 2% McLaghlin • 8 ■*>
riii f P"T (G:W - Dodge) 10110 .... 2 n 6 2.' 6 2 6 1% Anderson .. 10 50
7427 Anita Knight (J. H. Spratt).. 96 8! ... 8 2-717476 Eamshaw .15 6O
«4i3 El Paisano (G. Strobel) 107 3 .'.. 71 82 81 8n Helgesea .. 8 25
.;.. |Lady Greenwood (Cahlll). .'. :. 101 11 ... 8 0 '0 9" W. Davis.. 10 IS
.... [Cascades (O. Rodgers) ...:... 105 7 ...10 10. 10 10 League ... 20. 60
6802 Iron King (I. Hansen).. Ill 12 -..12 11 11 11- Holbrook .. 6O 100
.... iPrince Magnet (.MHIer-& Co.). 108 5 ... 11 12 12 12' Bell 00
Time — :24Vt.'*.:49)£. 1:03. At post Z\i minutes. Off at 2:l6V4. Buck, plade, 1-2; show. 1-4.
• Baker. Dlaco, 12; show, -6. Velna, show. 8-5. Winner, b. r. by Buck Massie-Golden
.• Rod II. Trained by J. F. Schorr. Scratched — Glenflnan. Babow, Sun Rose. Start good.
Won easily. Next two driving. best. Baker Is a well bred one and got a piece
of tn« iloujjh. Velna showed lnTprovenient. Edna Sullivan closed a lot of ground
through the stretch. Mlzpah tired. A Lady, away poorly, has a njee turn of speed.
■ Lady Greenwood off in the' ruck. • • ■' " •"■''•"■.
749g. SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; selling*; 3-year-olds and- up; value to first. f325.
•Index Horse 'and Owner.- WtlSt. %. •%. %. Str.- Fin, | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
7472 Profitable; 4 (A. Winters) .... 104) 111 1313 1311- McBride" ..80 30
"479 Koxy Grar.d£a, 3 (Coffey)./. . 103 122 24 '25*23 '2 7- W. Knapp. 2. 3-2
74S5 Step A round.. 4. (Mrs. Boyle).. Ill 4 4 3 3 2'43 4 3 2 3 n Holbrook .. 8-8
7428 Conatoble, 5- (Stockton Stbl.). 1C9 2 3 n 4 n .4 3. 4 4 4 4 league ..;... 15 15
7469 Bay Wonder, 4 ( Wll-ksrson). . .. 104 10 • 7 1 6 l'JO >, r. n .& Hi J. Kelly.... 20- -.30 "
7311- Toto Gratlot, 4 (Multnmh- Stb. 112-3 « \£ '8 « 7 2-62 B 2 Bell 20. 40
.7479- Inspector Munro/ 3- (T. Kox)'.. 103 11*11 3- 10 »i H" 1-7 2 t 3"VF. Sullivan .?-2 • 13-2
Klmberly.. «• (E. A. Ch'appell). 100-7' 5 n B 2 5 1. .8 3 8 5 Lane .30 6O
• 7423- Scherzo. 3 (PueBIo Stable)... IDS » 10 %11 0 10. » 8 IVi Helgesen .. " 6 . *
. 74tW Penzance. .4(11: Stov6r)r 104 5 0 1 0 n 9 2 10 10 . W. Davis... 6. '7.
742(5 Vlgoroso, 4 (Appleby &. Co.)» 104 13 . 8 «i 7 all 11 '11 " McLaghllri 20 . SO -
7402 Gaucho, 3. (Garden' City Stbl.). 100 8 12 12-. 12- 12 . 12. . T. Clark... ■ 30" IjX>-:
Time T -.:24%. ;SO*A.1:17. l:30>i.* At'nost 2%'pilnutes. OffAt.2:40%.' Profitable. plsCc*.. 12;.
<-•. . . show,. 6. Grandpa," place. 7-ld; shefw, '2-5. - Step A-roundv-sh'ow,- Z-5. •, Winner, ph. g. by
• • Golden Garter- Ventura., 'Trained -by P.'Fitzaetrick. . Start "good. -Won In a drive t>f
. '■ two.- Third .stopping. Profitable" a 6hlf(y mudder. -Foxy ".Grandpa did his best. Step
• \ Around likes licht ".weight. Constable did well.- Bay • Wonder la improving. -Penzance
..away poorly. ... : \" . • • .'•■'• '-*■'- :. ' '
7403.*.. •THIRD RACE— Five and--a'half furlongs; selUne; 3-year-:Olds ahd-up; to" first; $323.
Indfr! - Horse- and Owner' ..' Wt St. %*.. -H, %'. Str. Fla. J^ Jockey." ' Op. Clj
- 7469 JBeli Reed, ;4 (Fltzgld & -Cree) 108 1 ... 11 14 13 1" 2%|Sh'epwood ... . ' .5 '--I
•(7^67)-Dr.• Sherman, tt (S. Hoppas) . .' 107 *' •..■■. "&-3>42 1"^2 6 2 7. . W, Davis.. 6-5. .6-5
744. 1 } Edln"boroug.h ; .- a (H." Stp'ver)'. -• 112 . 4 -... 2 re 3. n. 3 % 3'-2% W. Kriapp/ ■ 4 . 9^2
7129. Crigll,. 3 ■ (8.- Polk) . : . . .-'. ...-. . [104 3 * w. 3 3 4. 5 " 4 2 • 4" 1 A. Smith. . . • 30 • 40 .
• 734«; .Pencil J^*.". 6 (Grossh'eim). ._•*. 101 -2 •. . .• 4* h f> n 5 5. 5-4 -• G. .Bulldjan • 30 "50
74SO ilonia; 4*(L: H. .Ezell)'. ...... 104 7- ... : "-7 4" 6^ 8 4" 6 5 Barrett. ..-. -50. ICO
"7455 Initsbruck." 4 (P. E. Smith).. 112 -6V.j C"5 .7^' 7 3. 74 Vlckery ,..." * 15 . 30
7-4W Estraza/ 4--(V : . Chlopek) : . .."_-. 100 8 .-.'. *8 7 '8" " '8 2. .82 Bell- i.:.'..*.. .SO-, :40
.•74C2 Tanph"au»er."3 (I^ayes- "& Co.) l>» 10 :..'•. '10 •• '9 . »' 3 9 4 . J; Hayes.-.. -.6 ■ 12'.
- 5S12 Glenanvon-. 4'ft3u°mmers-&-,Cb.)',104..9 ■..;"• 9" fc.10" 10- 10;., . McLaughln • .« 8
(7346) llrbana; 4 ' (Mra> .Bo>4.e) . . >.. .fill 11 '-..- Pu)Ied up. ..-'-. • IHolbrook. :'. • 15 ' 30
'Time—. -25.. ;«t. .l:09.*4. . Atpost .3 : mlnutes. -Ciff at 3:CS*4. ..Reed., place. 3; show... 7-5. • Sh«r
• ' .man, -pface. l r 2; " show. " 1-T5.. .'Edlnborough. shew "7-10: • Wiarier; <Sh. «. by Captive-.
•••;•; Miss Gentry-. -Trained by..J. Krause.. Scratched— Molto.- "King DelUs.- Batldor. SUrt
' -bad. .Won • easi'ly.. .-.twcont?' "driving. .Third .stopping. * Sherwood -op ' winner " beat the.
..".others away. ' Dr.- 'Sherman- -ran" a," game :.race. being UQder a'drive from the start'..
'- EdinbbrouKh tlredj. Grigll h.ad .Vr/jrked fast. Tannhauser no 'Chance with break-. .
74»4.*.'FOLrRT.n RACE*-^One mile; *hahdlcap;thTee-year-'6lds'and up; value .to flr;t. $500.
■Jridex -'.•• •.•ll'orst.-an'q : bWher.;" . •' .pVt|^t.* H. 'H- "%' Str.' Fm. \ -Jockey] | On. Cl.
."••7464* -Arcade,"-^. l\V. : B,\ Jermlngs).-. 104 5 - 3 n- .2.*' In. 1 n' 1 "% fW." Davis.. • 4 5-2'
74SS Gateway.'. 3" (E. K.--JBurnett)'.- 07 2-2-1/-4.4 3 1^3 3"'2 3 IMdLaughla- 5-2 7-2
.(T454) Elliott; 4- *M." J. . Daly): . . -:. 110 .V.' 5 . 8- ' 6 4 . "3 4 DOmlnick N . : 5-2 5
74S1»; Judge; • 3. <J.. . J. -MCAtester) .-. 104 3 1,!41*4'J l.*42 H 4 . .".H. Michaels -...4 23-5
'7464- Ananias. "3 (J. F. : Schorr)-.-: '. 106 A- -4 2&3 *j 4-ji Pulled up.fw.. Knapp.. -35
Time — :25,- ":50. "1:16. 1:42»4.- A-t post i'V, "njlnures. Off at 3':33*4* "Arcade, .place. 1; show.
- ,--1-3. pjaoe", 1; '>how;- 1-2* .. EHLott." show, -out. TVlnner." b. n. by Ben All
"' .- • • -Calpra.. • Trained 1 by - : W; B. Jennings. • Start good. Won in a Hard drive of two. Third
• . vea'slly. . DavlB-'-on 'winner mad.6 no- mistakes and'. waited for.-'ndtfiins. But for his. race
-.-.. :of the precedrnE- day" Qatewa"y "might .have- ' won. •- He -did-, not enjoy the best racing
. : 'lu.ek. at'that, being 'crowded out ~pt -hia. position 'on-, the- back- stretch.. Judge 'quit. . Elliott
' '. "-. late.';- Ananias/ dffes.'nof.'ltk'e •mnddy going." .. " . y-"'. ..• . ' -.. "■" " >-r-
.7495...:FIKTli'fiACEr-.Seven furlongs ;-.seUIng;-ihree-year-ofds' and up; -value' to first. .
,lnde^ . .'• -IJorse'.an'd:- Owneh :' ;'- Wt Sf."^4.. " H-"- 9i't Str.'-Fln. 1 Jcckey. .Op. ♦Cl. ■
•.-459.-H'ipponax. "a..(A: C; Dean>. '.-..- 109 7 6 3 6 4.- 6 7 6'7>'l h- JW ; . Davl? .. 9. T
74S2 • Bronze "\Vinjr.;&-( Fou!JtaJn>..".:.-|lp4 • 5 {2 V .-2h 1*4 i 3- 2 2% L. Fountain .6^5 7-5
7472- Sugdsn,- a (J.;Sturgeon)^. %!:.," "i»i».."l < '•?, 4 «4:5h- 5'^i .1 i.'- Bell . . .- • 5 12
• 7i(X> San -Uuriori-.' 6 (Waaswtfrth).". .-. 109! -1 ;.l »i l : «4-2 2^2." n 4 1^ Helgesen • .. . '■• :1O , •- 8"
' 7243" Gold ..Finder, -a : (FtzKld/tCree)'".10>f 2 » )i..Tn 4 n-;.3;^4;B {>• Sherwood .. 20- " 6C
74.'2 ' Hindoo Prfncess.'a <F. .Polk)".-." 109 0-.5;5. 5 3^.1.3 • 4 H' « *." A: Smith":. 6. 15'
1462-iVulcaip a. : CL*. H ExelW. .-.->.-. 107 "4" • 0 •'-. '9 9. 7.5.7 10 Barrett ,■;:. 30 60
.7480-|Foirow.'Me.' G'(Mosler Bros.):.|lpU • 8 .S'3* 7 1^7 1' ".SJI 8 12 J,T. Shee'n " 7' . 1»>
T4.79 jj^evolt, 4 -'(V.. Gilbert) ; .;..-. ..^.llO? 9'. 7.;^ 8- U" 9 ' .9; "-. W. Knapp. .4 5
Time-^jiy :5l;'.J :17* *1 :30«i." At posit 2-.mlnates.: Off at 3:59%. Jlipponax, place. 5-2: show.
.- -I," -Wing., place! 3-5';: (ihow." 1-3.- Sugden. .shoW.. 8-5. . .'Winner.- br. «. by Piccolo. Lowland
■..'■■'■ LaVs... .Trained by'A. CDean.*. -Scratchejf-^-MorenBii. Shorty Kane. Instrument. Start. bad.
' : Wori-m a, hara. drive of .three. ISavi? -on wihner ou<flnlshe«i .'rider of favortte.. ;Hlpponax
'••.-•• stood ' a hajd'-dr/ve." «6mln'K." from. the far. xear.'. .He bumped San'Lution and Bronze Wing
— •n"the'\stfetcb.. • Bell-gave Sugden one of .bis hypnotic- rides." F.bllow Me away very badly.
. ' Revolt. almost- left.. -.Princess .no mudder. • • .. •• •■..."* '• • • .
.74»(L.. S.lJCTlV RACEl^One and a' sixteenth mites; selling; 3-year-olds up; val. to first, $325.
.lniieic -. ' ••.BoTyo'-'and- oWnej.. " ' -. . "[.WtjSt. % .. •'%._ "%^- Stir. Fin.'- '• Jockey. Op" Cl. "
' 7462~ DungahiW. 3* : (Knbkp"Co.)..t. 07 .1 2 1 2 1*.. 2 3 2, 2. 1 n» |W. Knahpi. ' 8 «
.74?Q"AnvJl, 4- VC.:-.E. Murray):.-.. 'M 5 1 •%'. 1 -•>* J* "4 H; 2 2^1 Wright- .:. ,t '7-2 ft
(74S7)^lajorTenn>-.t) (Piedmont S)-.. 104 4...5'«.. 4 4 31Ha"4^3 a 4 (J.Kelly 6-2 -5
(.7482) iFabelitta". ""4 .{J. Rqnald"iioh). 104 6"4-n :!-h 4.-2 1- 4 >£ 4 1 JW. D»vi R .. : 3 14-5
•7472 Filfe d"Or.-:a ("Appleton. Co.).. 104 3'3.-"i'5S 5" 10 RUO 5 10 IMcLghVln - 5 «i_5 .
.7466" Fly Tqrpedo.'d (L. H.. Ezell).. *04j 2 tt 6 '• '6 ; & s . « • jAijderspn -..-. '5 - 12
Tliiie- J -:'24 : 5i",-".i50..1-:l'5»4-/l*."OiJ^ At "pogt tU njinutes. -' OTt a< "l:23'i4,- Dun'gannon. place 2;
"• -show 4J-5. * Anvil/- Hace, 2;.B.h"ow,- 4-o. Tennx.- show, OlJO. Winoer; b'..f. by Dungarven
• " Iiistpeys. . Trained" by J. Ownbey*. StaVt ".good.- Won In .-a . hard drive -of two. • Third
- -Vastly -.Anvil best.". Knapp o«tgeneraled. Wright; "M^jdr TVnny stijmbfed "on "stretch turn,'
' • losing at -lea^t Miiee -lengths: THe*botherea -[Isabe.tllta-.. which* In"- turn- interfered with
.•'*.-. FtlIe.d*Oc.* .Isabellita'dld" not .Tun her race..-.'. ."• ■• .-.•"■. .'•' • : • '." .
ANDREW B. COOK TO MEET
KENILWORTH AND OTHERS
' i-'And/WVBj'-'bpdH^'-^™! 1 *^ 1 "^*-* t^"--;
g're.tte .and "dttiers .wU^meet.tbMs. after.-'
noon" at Oakland > '-in-..tne;'..don.cluding
'number" on: the card.' .The -. day's en
tries: •'"•... .' = : " '.••■'.'■•. :.'"• "•-. ■"..■
.-First .facel-Flve and a. "half .furlongs"; .four- .
y«ar-ol(ls fend up; sel'.lnR. '-.-•' ■ ' ■ '"". -
• -4/>4» Piilalla. . . .-.. .-. . ••- • • -. ;.-l«"
.7341 Homage. (Romlgh) :-. : JJ>«
74S5 Albemarle- (Qulnlani . . . .;.. •...".- -•- - - \»
• 7401 Ladx Kent (Wellman) .-•..•-.•. ;}J"
liS&'j, »Karaber i. Uoettger) .•..".» -...-•.• \!»
7-K7 *Nullah .(McKenzie) .V: ;;.*.". »."..' JJ"";
W70Alta G 41IertzeIl) ;....';...'. ._._..'. .......•.««
■747.T Emma ReiAdld (Appleby). ......107
7:«.V 'Ragnqrok- II : f Stevenson) -.•...'......:. JOT
T439 ATolto (Shannon) .-,' V...V ."tixl
(*7122)Arthur Kay .(Clayton) • jiw
• 747!) Yo-Xo-Se '(tShane) .... '.'- .> *»<£.
•7407 l^ire Dale (Ikieppner) -....-•.. ...... •"••J'jJ
7407 -^Batld.ir (Fine) " .iv •• •• J"»
. 74.1D BlackMiorn- (Fink)' .,.-...- ••• 11 «
Second .'race^-Futu'rity course, maiden two
• year-olds, purse. ■ . '
74":j Bearskin (McAVester) '....-..- H
74*<J Herthus (Gilbert) .... : -' •'• ;•}<**
7450 Tarcoola pelle (Miller &'Co.) .. .." 101)
7438 Indicate (Touhey) : Jl*
745« Babbw .(Ferguson) .*. '•••'",rX
Jerusha. (Enestrom) ., Jw
7432 Gild (Jones) ' JJ^
7481 Macene. (EzelO •• v>M5
Julia South (De la Montanya) U»
7473 Llllltug .(HacJfett) ...'... ... M2
...; Colleen- Dhas (Neafon) -...'..... 1C9
1 Third race — Five and a half .furlongs, four
year-oliis and -up. sellinc. „/... • inn
51 U «N>d L>ennls (Piedmont Stable) ..:••• |02
(7-*!»a)Uell Iteefl (FitZBBralJ) » 1".
74IW Innsbruck (Smith) ••]}»
7403 EdlnbefotfKh (Stover) • 110
(747O)»Educate (Hoppas) -V "• JOX
74o9 Alice Carey (Fleur de. Lls Stable) .... 10T
6701 'Plckaway t Jackson) 102
744:: Optimo (Price) '- l" t
?4S.'» »Bard' Burn* (O'Rourke) HO
; 74S9 Redan (Strobel) : .......107
7"474 Mlmo (Sheridan) 107
• 7054 Nanon (Polk) .....-...."
.Fourth race, one mile, three-year-bids and
up; HPlllnp.
7490 »G.. W*. Trahem (Snmniers) 105
7453 'Colonel Van (Fountain 1 *.. ........ Wi
: 74S4 Red Crtss Nurse (Ross)."....-. ...97
7488 l!«hlana (Hcnshall) .~ ./. .100
7470 Grafter .(Blastngame) .........107
Fifth" race, one . and a sixteenth miles,
three-year-olds and up, selling. '
74S7 'Briers (Rowell) .... :...- ...'.00
',::. •Imbeclle» (De la Mobtanysr).'. ' 09
74S2 'The JFretter> (O'Rourke)... ...107
•74RO Chlckodo- (Rafmir) . .. .: -..104
74C0 'North West (Clifford) .-...: 100
74h7 Colonel Ballantyn'e* (Ronaldson)..:. .:ii>7
7485 Galanthus (Coffey) .... ........; 104
7480 Achilles "(McCabe) '. 107
Sixth race. Six furlongs,' three : year-olds and
up, 'purse. . . • ' -X,'
:74S9 Andrew B. Cook (Stanfleld & Ellis). .US
•74H9 Kenllwosth (Stover) .:.... 113
7472 Sol Llchtenstein (MadisonV . .'. . . . . ;. .114
-■ 74R.1 Instructor (Needmore Stable) ..:..-..10O
.74«1» NlRTWtte r (Jennlng:s>. ..*... H<i
(7477)Slr Preston * (Scharetg) ........... .... .119
•Apprentice- allowance. '
Jockey Benuchamp Reinstated
BERLIN, Nov. 30. — Beauchamp,
'the American jockey, who; was de
prived of a* license "in September by
the •' stewards s of ■ the Union Club, :: has
beeh^ notified that: he\will^be/allowed
toVride"ln*'l»05. '.* - # i ', . ■'•.- .. W
Sylvia Talbot a Wfnncr.
.. NEW* . ORLEANS. Nov.- 30.— "Result* * of the
ra'ces: •JBP^(Mg||fjrtwQrjrg^| "
First .race. . four furlongs — Kilts .van. Fallana
second. Lily. Brook -thfrd. • Time :50%.
• Second race, one and thuee-slxteenths miYr* —
Swlftwjng won. Barkelmore secend. Little El
kin Jhird: Time. 2:07 3-5
.Third .race, six furlons"»^-Lady Ellison won.
Dusky second. Hudson -third. . Time. l:lSl-5.
-. Fourth rac». one mile" and. seventy yards—
Spencerlan won, Falernlan second Orthodox
third. -.'Time^ 1:49 2-5.
.Fifth' race. -six furlongrs^-Sylvla Talbbt won.
Gay Boy second. Old- England third. Time,
Sixth ' race, . one mile— Mainland won* Ghats
second. ' Lady. Free . Knight third. Time.
1 : 15 3-5. . .
.' pressings often come disguised, but
you can tell trouble a mile off.
MEN, I HAVE THE CURE!
. ; ' . • lM -r ••••"•• , : x want to taltc to men who have pain«
" find aches, who f*-"*! tun Jown physical—
' ' JffJW?11f3pPBS^g > vS ly. who realize llm the old "fire" and
/£3ggS§'HK3MS A . "energy whK'Ji was so evident in youth Is
■ jml^B^ 1 *^ -^"^^S nbsen't "xi«>w; m<*a who cant stand the
S&sltfSG&ip ■•• 'A amount of Mfrlira they i-ould yeara ago.
jf|i|§£P|% ■:'■ -*i^B K what 1 have- •Ion* /or others who were !
,-.. E>^Rw!^k Hf ■:!:"- *J its t as bad off." Thaps ra>* introduction. {
■■•' : ••• BfffBjfSS Wj'Hftfc. ••■•"•'presented some one t» you and said.
'Jw*-'lMt/JJCf "Jack. hcr»»'s Brown! The lias made good
ll%r^BEi§r%3&2riA TOtSl "with pie.' anil I trust htm," wouldn't you s
«a^V*fwi^>" ' « \ \ trust him. too? If you will tell me %
rk\8r*£"<?2* J* 1 where you are I will Rive you the name i
y^^tt^ I of a man ln your own town w hora 1 have ;
,^^^^^J i" Will Pay $1000 Forfeit |
For a case of Nervous Debility. Varl- J
Ja^SSw&Sffi^^^B? cocele. Rheumatism. Lame Rack. Lum-
JB&L vtilf&FmTlWnM bago. Sciatica, any case of Kidney Dis- **
* ''nfl^Th ease that has not gone as far as Brixhfs i
1 iTjBJgW~R\ Disease; Indigestion. Constipation, or any «
. weakness which I cannot cure with my j
.^SBflfiBaEaBBMHSMIiiBraBWl. new Improved Electric Belt. the. marve* <*
of electricians, the most wonderful cur- 7
' ~^*££%*nZ%r^ iv ative devLce that has ever been intro- I
> P$i*f\ *-"» duced. This Belt Is complete with Free
Electrical Suspensory. \
This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all weak- ]
nesses of men. varicocele. etc. It develops and expands all weak nerves J
and checks a loss of vitality. No case of Failing Vigor. Varicocele or De- ]
•bility can resist this powerful Electric Attachment. It never falls to cure. ]
Alp. Fred Orfnter of San Martin writes: * -Your Belt Is -helping . m* right along
and I can truthfully say that after one month's use of It I- feel better than I have ]
for years past."
No man' should be weak, no man should suffer the loss of that vitality '
which renders life worth living. No man should allow himself to become '<
. less a man than* nature intended him. no man should suffer when there is-
at hand a certain cure for his weakness.
My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory, will restore your
, power. It will check all loss of vital power arid affects eyery organ of
thg body. 9^*"fetfVm
" Mr. Arnold***; Berri of Marshall. Cat, writes:^ "I have laid th« Belt aside
I feel like a n?w man and am perfecMy cured." ~ . ;
I have cured thousands of men who have squandered the savinjrs of
years* in useless doctoring. • ;
An old man or 70 says he feels as strong and young as he did at 35.
That shows It renews the vigor or youfh. It cures Rheumatism Sciatic
Pains." Lumbago. -Kidney Trouble. I&nishes pain Yn % fnighlTeverTo «tur£ :
FREE BOOK ES;? t £ , Be iiuS rrlt f me t °- da y fo *- ™r beautiful u- !
-^ lustrated book, with cuts showlnir hnw mv Kelt 1* '>2
applied full of good matter for men who wanl^fbe TJ-T&^oWest |
ork ,°f ?°1^?^ AN T > I " ( ?, 1 ,°*t * hls ?, d - a " d l wl » "end this book.sealed.free. >!
. CALL, TO-DAY— If you can. call and see me and I will show you how <
'"!£2JS n be CUfed and ElVe yOU a free test oC mv Belt CONSULTATION I
Dr. M. G. McLaushlin, 906 Market st. \
__ _ -_ - - • -, ** Above Ellis. Sun Francl»^C»t 5
- , 11 S 01 ? 1 8 *• m - to ' M». Sundays, lo to 1. Seattle Office. 105 2
ColnmbU St. I.o« Aayeles, 129 SoutH Spring- Street. ae * w - a wmci> ' \
TALENT TAKEN
BY SURPRISE
TVest Brookfield, at 40 to 1,
Comes Down . the Ascot
Stretch Ahead' of Field
BEATS THE FAVORITES
Hans Wagner Makes Fastest
Time of Day, Going -^ile
• and Fifty Yards in l:4f/ 2 -
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 80.— Fine wea.th. T
er, a splendid card and close finishes
pleased a large 'crowd to-day at Ascot.
Favorites showed up rather poorly, but.
none af the winners,' •with the possible
exception of West Brookfield, ran. with
out strong ; backing. West Brook : fleld
furnished the big. surprise, of the/day,,
winning from the topheavy favorites
Schoolcraf t and- Philanthropist,- coupled
in. the betting, at opening odds as "good
as. 40' to 1. He was. played down to 20 at
post .tithe, and- won. driving, from,
Schoolcraf t. •■' . •."-." ... ."•"*../..'
Dan Collins, equal favorite with Dol'.
lie Welthoff, won the" first raca In afthv
ring finish.. Harbor won the third from
Empercr'pf India, with • Tom Haw,lc
-third. The finish in this race was close;
Hildebrand outriding Lawrence, in the
last strides., belagoa was favorite for,
the fourth., but was hot up; to a race
and Quit badly. Judge at 5 .to
1 and weH played in. the books, -wo.n
from. Fustian,, with Lerida third. Ethyv
lene "was made favorite for the : fifth.-
Hans Wagner.. at 3 to 1. beat her put in
an exciting finish. Clncinnatus was
third. Golden Light rewarded his back
ers in the last race, winning from Hel-.
gerson In easy style. El Orlente was
third. The best time made to-day was.
in the fifth race. Hails Wagner going
the nille and fifty -yards in 1:4<H- Sum-
mary: "•.-..
First race »lx furlo'nss. sVlllnr-^Daa Coir"
Uds, 10& (B. WaUh>, 11 to 5, won; Dolli«
Weithoft. lCtt (Lawrence). 2 to 1. aecond ;
LaureatVa, 100' (Hildebrand). tt to- 1. third.
Time; 1:14*1. Riceful. Erlcula. Boa* of Hilo.
Clcverton. Babe. Miracle II and Dusky Secret
alsr ran.
Second rase, five furlongs — West Brooltfield.
105. (Lynch). 20 to 1, won; Schoolcraft. US
(Hildebrand), second:' Philanthropist. '.. 112
(Booker), third. Time. 1:02. Schoolcraft and
Philanthropist coupled In betting at. 1 to 2..
•Lawful Black Joe, Cotillon. Devon B. Hilcna.
Lad/ Klspar and Lulu. Long also ran. . . .
• Third race; one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Harbor. 110 (Hildebrand). 3 tol. von".-
Kinperor of India, 110 (Lawrence). 3 to 5.
secwid: Tom Hawk. 9S (Beck); 20 to 1. third.'
Time. 1:4S}». Great" Eastern and Durbar also
raiu • ' .•■■.-."
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs — Judg*
" Denton 96 «E. Walsh), 6 to 1. won; Fustian.
101 (Fuller). 4 to 1, second; Lerida. 8O.(Morl
arlty), 15 to 1, third. Time.. 1:20%. Tender
crest. Ignatio. Lucket. • Delagoa and Ftwnyside
: also ran. . • ■ • ' ' ' . .
Fifth race. onemlJe and fifty yards, selling —
Hans Wapifr, .104 (Hildebrand). 3 to 1. won;
Ethylene 111 (Lawrence). .9 to 10, . »econd:
■ Clncinnatus, ICtt iMoriarlty). 4 to 1- third.
Time. 1:44 4". HcGrathiana Trlncr. Dlamants
and Canejo also ran. " '• • •
Sixth race" one mile, selling— Golden Light.
112 (Hildebrand). tt to 5, won; Helgerson. 102
(Lawrence) .3 to 1. second; Kl Orlanta, 112
(H. Smith). 7 to 1, third. Time. l:t*Vi. Erne.
Mr. Koblnson. July Gyp, Blueridg*.. Mc\e«
and Exaso a!«y ran. . • • •
Raclng at Bennlngs
results: • "
First race; six furlongs —Dazzler' -won. Po
seur second.- Foxy Kane' third. Tin**. 1:18 *-*•
Seeocd "racer-flva .and a half • furlongs—--Fes
toon r/on. Little Buttercup second, '■ Samuel H.
Harris third. Time. l:0t> 4-5, . :..."/,..
Third race fifth Bfnnings Special, one and
a half miles —Go Between won. Deltaber sec
ond. Jam" F" third. Time; 2:37 3-5. •.'". •
Fourth . race. . five f urloncs —Wild Irishman
won Bohemia s«?cond. Aznberjack third. -Time.
1:03": •'.."- . • " '
■ Fifth, race.' one mile —Tom Lawson won. St;
Roma setrjid, Xuit • Blanche third. Time.
1:44 4-5. • •
Sixth race, one and an elghtV tnlle<H;-Andr<»-«r
Mack won. Nlnenpo^ second. New Yprk thirdl.
Time- 1:5« 4-5; * • . . .. ...
■ . ♦ ■ . . .
■
• ' .Nil Coursing at Uidon Parted ■ ..";'
: Owing- to the ijlness of P.. J".: 'Selljy.
thd"judge.of the cDureinfr "at'Union
Park," there will be no •nirjningr -there
cither on Saturday or* Sunday.*' The
following w.eek a special card will' be
prepared and fngleside Park will be
closed. " . V * .' * -.";".
SUE FOR RENT.—Char!t>tt» Fl Clarke %n'd
Chatlotte H. Wright have sued Mrs. M. A.
B&irfl. Henry K. Ltaker and William- J. Sofleld
for $2775 rent due' for three ninths on the
property at- 415 Turk street. The defendant*'
were tenants 'of "the"place when tlyt plaintiffs
purchased Jt. - ' '
The charity that begins at home dotfa
not need a press agent.SHIP SUBSIDY
IN NEW FORM
ronirressional Committee
of Inquiry Has Two
: Wans Under Advisement
iiil LL BEEvG : PREI^BED
y-yi-e Senator Hanna^ ' Pro T
posai for Direct Subsi
dization Isi Abandoned
■-.'.■■■; -- ; •■; ,.- Special Dls^atciJ 'to. TbV'CaU. ---. :*7;
M -ASHiNGTO'Ni . [ Xovi . 2 6:^-ShiB ." siiif- :
vibusiy ftdvpeated • in-, <Cpn«T«ss'- proba^
'Wy/iriU.^'.'proRo^dby- the'.eomip'iilee:
■from ■Coiysx'tss' ;--.%iild4'.- '^akisM ;.th"e.
Thii . coinniissjon; ' is- ' /xJOTr.. engaged ••' io
■'"nri'lewlflif-lits '?wdrk ; - .aiti4-;_.!s\ ; p?ej«iiri'ni s .a"
bill VwMc.hvS?ijatprr ;G'aJUpi|^ir.- : .6f '•.New;
' Hampshire; .i^l'/&tr^upi|s5;I.P.-O!>||5^e». :
The -.ietiifcj:'5pf i'-tiiUr; ;btll/- ; ! hay>^ tobx'.yeX.
. b^n : deten2iline4.-;buf;'-the'old^
"tiie i ■T^r^r&tLD^rOr>ot^nofr''}: spKerhe,; .
J 8;0 OO.lbo 0' annTuaiiy, ' hta5\ • iba-nr .
Soned. " • t •'.-'.'
.i.er •TOj^de/rati9'^/;;.p.b*';^j^-v6ttb^/<Jix«f,
/:£6yrr£piius; {'JigntfUz&pt- §sitis;"by: A*y$ijig;
;-i- : tonna^el ; tiBi'"p^'; : ail : v : siii jis - r ' jieayLrig:.
,A.mericai?if pt >; rts.; ; : Suc^-i^ itixJ/it^^iie^
■ lleved, A)a-;inn4iai ; .T«y->
'■[ isue'- ; P? : ;;; b^t^^n;i'J$4;iff60«sp<>-^^aLikl
I€.:00O.OOa. and it has the additional
■^d-v^nta^;'-pf:^5Di^;-]a3mp^vWhpl^^
. ;tbi:nagie t'trpm ;/ Am«r*catn' : :;port^'V.ti;: in v
f qrelgn ■'.•b'dttJo.aas* -i; •j.naftea.a; ■iojff.-i'-pi'jftpjff.
.:\tt-i5\-mP5^f-iiite : ;':(&^
:.;'.te • tanned. -pyer' t6^». :^uh^fly.: ; fiiBtd^^;-^^
. ■-.;■ ■ A npU>e.r : ; : ' pla^;"i^? ; .tp^: AUJ*jidlire,:'.i '|i^i..
/eciir.ff/tniit/JB^feai^iiX^y-V.^^'&'^u^tifpH-.
: -^al d'.-. /hi" ye ••;' io . ; \t>e - :.: *ef j?rru5<3 :, •' io:- • th e;
Ho use v-ijConirh j ttee : v«f - ; ; PpijlojB^e. $■ •. Afi'd;
Hosi RQads." Liist session th,e tbm :
.^.ittee ■hteita-tejiv.tp Continue-vthff.'ifiii'feir
.s.i;es already contracted-- : • - :-■■:-■ :.
SXLL TO-DAY TOR MAXILA
i'Jje-;- •"C*«^l^.;?.".'Qffl'6MJsi..v. 1 ■ ( p*-suat4 ;.: »i?i4'
-.- ■.■JsU'wViVsos. .'.-.- '.
• The traftsporl- togaiJ^ is scheduled to
Pxior to /her. "dep&i-fcurie .^.heril Ftrancis.
M bpj-e- iviii .iMp4ct;t Ae ' VfesseT.: • ..The; "L.9^
pan t^Lfrteis i -"f all ": eprnplenieht • of : pasr
sr jijgrers; -.iri •'h^i'Vcap'ins,': : a;.big;: cargo '.of
jr^jgftt and iv^flQ/OpO . pesjps; if reih frpni;
trie-San Francisco. Mint-- •:..:.■• . ■
sail; on the Logan "-" ■' ■ - -' '■■'- '■■-. '•■':.;.••
- ■' - Lieutenant .©SloiieJ ' 3&: M .V.Xppel :'ila jdr .Aarba ",
W'.: . A inrl. ' ; wife: *na- datifJitisri^ Cipt*in MahJy ■
B.. •.C«ptaia : W...F- Grote kniwife.. Oap-
-taiit --tfi H- ■■Kash- 'and • trlf»>.-., Capi.ain ■.•G-«crge : C. .-
Jiisrtin.. • fCjiptalh^ 'J'. C.-". R*yniQijd'.:*n<J". : . w.ii*.
■/r:jtp.tiiji. I*c ■ C; \ 7«ltrc^i*<p|f£ra*WiUia^:rBt':;
.■v.'i«ji*jia>;;.".tilfat«:a»nt-." Jphh-;- «>; Mo«?re;-. Lley-.
•;t*r«arif: P^ytn>-nd ;F,; : Me.tca{f;V.Lieutenaht-;.Ed--'.
: «-ird •"•fi:-; Vejdder.-' .wife an* ehild; .Li'eOtenint :
J.-i-.riAUV Critig ;aad wife, -.tieiiteniijt -,Iohn.-5V~
. - *r- t' and j»-iff..- Second • Lieutenant -John' C:-"
■31'opfy^.: Lieuter.ar.t Benjamin ' •': B. . itcGrpslcey;:.
l.\'.- u Miqt.H erirj- H; "SIgoit," Piiliippine .scouts, Z
:H.. ; . ■'■ D." v-oorhiea. : -CHapfa-iti .,' John.:- '■£■ : •.piiriain.. ■.
r Jo^S i j^'ln-J'r;;:'J.ainief!.:J-;'Fp«'ni^\Hlss"3Iafyi : '
\;arT;fan. -Mrs: llV -C.",Gti.stini ..Wihneld- J-. -.Clark..
Hfi ;:vTJ^T;1i1.V < rr^.tS>'''wH4" t ft*f* > J'u. !tfl Ft" > **?;
/ :.M'r»;lB<»i«-.03tn i -:
ta Mrs;. WUDam :C. Hirers; •'■£■■ S. -".Kby.'a.hd
> :>; . Mr?.' T-.' B. . JCeilsbri :'. Willtanj T. .Fe« :and;
wi-*!?;- cor.rul*r seHtce :l': 'S.-: A-.; Mrs- :H".:; -H".;
rrrryi H.: T. DyncaPi Mise Nona Duncan. ; Mis»
■JTaany"' Doric-ia; ■ -Mrt.;'; John- ; w; ; .Cratg, A/Ensign; :.
Dci-ta LjHaa, r-EstiMfr Owen Hill,'. Mri. A.-.K'.
Sfj-raour. Sdr*. H; : Ly-il5Mi^-l»»<W<X ; *f*WT|V;
MixL: McCullcugh .Albert 1 Erftest J-eaks.-.Mrs;-
F.-. ■ Hi ■-"ghena.aii;.^ ■ Jain>s;, .<lili;:, ; wife.' And": «cnf
Jlafrj^ "S\'. Harn'sh;' : Mrs. Harry -W.'Harnlsh,
:%ruaairi ■'Guentlsiw'. - . Sirs. : -'William ; ' Guftnther. .:
Miss ;■' Mabel VV«.tkia«, Faanie i .L*ngsliff v : Annie
hanjmea, ao*»jih • : A: BUJJ. ":-M.tf .-".. Xcs*ph- H-. Pea- '
■Uleiiai ;■- Bn3th«r:- .Edwarsl.: ':.• gt/, Mary?« v Cc>He«e;
e; Jit." PaMlie* -aad •wl?e i - "lir«c .--SI, --H. : -:B«ardsley;."
MiW Olive XJcrineTlin; ;26»fcUa .:K^- Bwffnv'.ind"
wife/ Mrs.'>..:Li<^rflb«rrJain'.;ctolid' ; ,*nd -■nHrae:;--
;-Mi£'e v '.i;t^^\*A*:inJaTJ. : --M^'^"Kite',-^v\.*©«w^r*W-^
W. Palis »nd »-l?e. . •
: Thfe regular' monthly -muster: of: the..
t±ppps;'\at. the- ! I^esiiip 'iqok-'-pXaZ^yes.-?;
terday* . '
; "•;. -,il*ipr iPjajJcer.j'vV*. •'. : tP.' ; . < *^"-- :
i^':^ic.Ai-ih^;;^hp:ha«;:b^^
Ing felatives^^ in thfr East, is" expected
biek tp his'.p'pist "o'n :t>ecem P,?f ■■fc>^ v; : -;.■;■■;
■ ■ G**n"?ril '>f6pre\''w-lli:Jn^"^c.t^t^e":ea.n*":
Sijibq*it^«i.uirte"'r8 '-'".'of :ther;Prre^di6:''t0»"
morrow".' • -'..V ■•;'; j -.•.*•- -.•;."4'';."- ;: ;"^ i": •'-■"£••.'•"■•■. «■':'-/!
d0Ll>fBi^:>.i?ARk •'■BpYS
PLAN EXTERTAIX3IENT
Ck»yer Ifttiie Fellows :.\re;Pr«ii«re|d .to
fejiou the Pnbllc What They
■ -I -, ■: |Ia%*e Aceomplishod* •. . : ■ -. ' :
■■-'• Ju d.gitrg If.i" oin; ; the riiah'rie'r. : _j'n ywhicrTti
the' Coluiribia " '.Park :^boys^-^n;'- thfe : . j^l
hambiii: Th^axer.: to-night' .wi.ll; b« ; K
financial^ success.;-";: the - ; icleyer/
grilled youngsters, offer "a. programine
which;. TvPiui4 'jpiiX^icrme^ .'.prbfeis'toiiai
taj«rrt in.-the-^li-ade; '••'. •'. ._.-.:.•..-.. '.••■".'■ •".;-;/
• That ; -f?a"n J^rantisco,: possesses a'civib
of boys -able.'- to en;*r.tain' their- elders
in adighifled way should be a.-tpur.-te'
of civic .pride. kn(J vnpthing will .nipri
p.ncourage ;the irianly ".• young chaps
than . a .good, . attentive . audience".
Among: the interesting .features "; ar
ranged 'by "."MajbT \ i»eixotto ' is : a . ,!lre
tpreh swinging group; of twelve, .which
is a rare .sight x>n any stage. Tpe cho
rus, the. double. trio of boy voices. and
the grea.t. military .band with drum
and bugle corps are 'features not to be
ryerl oblced. ' . Qf the 210 memben . of
the club 103 will ..participate In iht
programme, j Seats- are-, now on 5il»?
at "Sherman; Clay & Co.'*. .
: - " .' — .'■■•.• ' '•.; '
Po -Disc-tiarjre Grand -Jury.
. Word" has been sent to Alfred L41i
"enfeld, foreman of the 'Grand. Jury, "by
J.u'dge Kerrtgan that he will discharge j
thW.bodj" on next 31-onday. On that •
day '.the Jury's report "may be. rorth- j
c-ortiihg.". A new Jury will be .drawn at
once ' by the p.reBidlngr. Judge, in ac-'
.cordance "with .his.' plan .to revise the
lier.iod or service In order that each
lljres'idlflg Judge -inay- have two Grand'
•Juriei during his terra in'- the honor
ary office. ' Judge Kerrigan's next. Jury j
;tviU-. serve until February.of next year
arid then the 'new presiding Judge,
.doubtless Judge" Lawlor,".wiH'draw'an
■othpr.This plan' was iannounqed a- few
"V*eks- ago, when Judge Kerrigan de-.
c'lined. to ' accept the resignation- of
Foreman Lilienfeld. ' B^»
• *•"*■'
'. A man. thinks very well of th* taste
"of- a : girl who makes him believe she is
-jealous 'of his attentions to some other
KlrL
PACIFIC MAIL PAYS $371,673
Ad vfttices Cost of
Two: Modern .
Wharves.
: : :; Company yesterday
r^as ii warded. a>Cf teen-year lease, of two
. nej# : -^rfiatryes jjo-be: built 6n the site o?
;the-pVe^n^MjUr.;(iQck;'at /Second' and
Brkoriniah .;«tT«efs» : . : . 'JThe' Jjarririian. cor
;:fk>;rji^i6ri .aiiru^d. •.-aver." . to " ■ the- . Harbor
/Go^l^)ssione]rs!the-Gash. With which to'
;of '.the wha£res.
: 9sid i -,yrfthih'"'a year = f'ro"m now tHe iteam
>hip "will .have ' port - facilities.
■;in; ■iee'pinfeV.'wi th; -the size of. its new
: .H'ners; '^ftnd. adequate for 'the handUng
-of', the', .and-'.gro'win-s .trade with
■.th^/FaV. East.". : . ".:•■'.-: : "■' ■ .
X.'^hV" c-onttatt ; tor • bullaicg".-the '"new
"•'tv : har\'e§[ • was. 'awarded to Healy, "Eib
.t>ii{s ''&;-C'6 : - One >"harf will have two
;declcsV' 'and' the contract .price . for the.
"tvivi'is -?Ji9,6T3.'- jn addition to tills there
■expense of. $'42,009 for cement;
•the VcotitFact : -f or '. which was • awarded
••yesier&ay: -to' -th-e'-.Hoimfes .-Lirne'" Com
pany. A ;/.;; : ;;. "••..•'/'.", .-. .. '. ' : ' '. ' :
Company'.s bid for
the fifteen-year "lease was $371,673, w.ith
the. ' •provitio. 'thAt : the company' 'shall
.h^veVthe'rigrrt' to collect and retain to
its- own" yse dockage arid-; tolls arising
'.upon' ..'s«if"l premises.. to an ' amount', not
to exceed $652 a . tnonth. The lease will
. date' from : t.he. day -qf-.'th'e.'completi'pn of
the and the. acceptance of the
vvprk" by the": Harbor". Commissioners.
.Work will be eornmenced at once- and
wiil 'take' not. less .than eight. -or nine.
n?6.htfis. The' secretao'-was ordered" to
cash; the Pacific Mail Company's checks-,
.V>rie on the .AriglOrCaliforxiian." Bank for
it7i;673,. kndthe other, for 5200,000 on the
..Nevada ■ Na.tiprial -Bank, . and -tp place
the .proceeds" ;to. i^he ".-crfedit of- the ' San
•Francisco harbor imprp.veinent fund. ■■
") -The: Jetting ot. thiis cotttracj and .the
inaklng- !of -/this." lease] have -.attracted,
touch, .interest; ; in" " the : io"cal . shipping
;Pj^'^^d3a^li«ii^"ipB; ever .balit ''here,'.
:and''.t^fe":'^nsyruQtion.w.iU ■•mark- .the :
iti^t;:ptk^qal.yti<iri ■■ tor. theIid?V61pp?
■jJ*eo't'-P?-,"lpcM>^"W.Rpi'ngV-'fa:cJlJltie8 on itp^
to^atie-lFnes.i/'v-:;.:". ••".-;•'-:-.*?.'"; l'%-.::.^ \ '
:: - The : Hkrp6r' C.onijhiEsiohert havje "^iso '
instructed \'^thk' '..engineer <Jf /tfie. ~ board.
Jliigf -itdwara- street vfo^$oJ.iy50f$t&L; .
•'^•acHsob. ''stree'i ; w-ha*f • tfy f eet 'and-ma^'
-ing iValiejo «^r?«it wharf -200 'f. e^t -ioriger
Andv ien: -feet : wider. "••.; ':. ':■■. ;< .■■.. '. ' v : .: ? - :- ' "' •
. /."tile- -^p^^is«i«)n'er8-: aijo /ordered; ian ■
kniendmeint. bf '■ !ihe/vpi)r;t : '.regujatlpns,.'<s»;
tabjishing^. a.neW-.fairWay '■&&-. foHoVeJ: •- •;
•'•■.viess*Js- fhnst". not bf anchored-. or moored.b«V
' t*ej*n a Urie' : dr^t wn" "from.- tjre. -oOter .endl'of • the..
Kay wharf-to-'tlie -Uglit&ous** 'near "the Westerly
>na : of--th>.-norih"erry t-ralninjc wall of Oakland .
harbor' and ••"line dra'wn- 't font- .the. outer end -.of
*h>" mo*!- - southerly . wfiarf •" Of the -drydock
wharves "-to" the "wwterly 'end--of the Southern".
Paciflc-Coropany-'s ferry -sllp.nearthe westerly
♦i^l/>f tie "southerly trainmr wallot Oakland
•.barber:' n<r inuftthe veissel b« anchored »o as-
X6 swing -over, these" lines and Into the space ,
■ formed "between the .lines.-- . ••' " -■■■..
Miehiphls . Will Sail Tp-Day
.V TIi.«- : Ko#m<j«. liner- ■ Memphis, Cajrtaln yon
He'mf v -wHlch" on" her. oct ward trip from Ham.-.
bu'rjE ta"Taccmk° : esti.bllsh*<l a new •■record for
the «teabier» on", the Minie run, tails to-day
for' .Hamburg;. •" On li^r way home, as on the
outward-voyage,".she win call at nearly thjrty
ports-! She will put .In at evefy important har-"
'bor-. or roadstead on ' the.' Central and South
■American ccaats. will .deliver freight afportsl
In the 'Medlterraneahi and will leave part of
her cargo at Londan.. This is one.of,"the most
extensive schedules In the .world and the Kos
mos liners maintain It with machli^e-Uke regu
larity, and most of the .vessels on the run are*
'heavily laden most of the time. They carry
through cargo and they take freight from port
to port-' Going and coming they are constantly
loading 'and discharging, and in the course of
a round trip handle many times. their full cargo
capacity. ■ ■ • . . .
City, of Sydney Arrives
The Pac'JIs Mail Corapany;i steamship' City
cf Sycaey arrived yesterday from Ancon and
way port» with 850 tons of cargo and 4S 'pa*
eengers of whom eight were Chinese bound
for Hongkong. She. brought treasure valued at
$10,000. • Among her pawenrers we're the fol
lowing" William E. -Dougherty. Mrs. Maria S.
Doujrherty Bally J. Cornell. Mrs. Lucy Cor
nVn Miss Florence E. Judson, Miss Mary A,
virdiey Hugh Barrett, Carrcll Stevenson,
Sidney S. Well. Miss Maria S. Mendosa,
Charles Sheets. Url McKee, Antonio Leon
King. Horatio Lau. "-
At the Harbor Hospital,
T Glennon, a laborer livta* at 11 Bruce street,
was' struck on the bead yesterday by a chunk of
coal which fell from the coal bunkers on Ml»
.*,•.„ «tr#et wharf No. 2. Glennon sustained a
frStnred skull." He was treated at the Harbor
HosDltal A. Benson, employed on. the steamer
cB. want to the Harbor Hospital y*«ter
d^y^emplalnin* of pains In his side. Some.
SiVm 1*0 he explained, he was thrown against
thel Bteajaer** rail, but had suffered no Ineon
venlence until yesterday. An examination t re
vealed two fractured ribs, which were pla»
tered into ailmment by Dr. Kusich.
The Orerdne List.
" Tb« najne* of three British vessels were
added yesterday to the overdue list. The
steamship Shrewsbury, out 20 days from Singa
pore for: Hongkonjr.'. "■ auoted at 25; per ' cent ;
t£e British bark Stork, out 73 days from Hud-
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, .THURSDAY, DECEMKER l ? >1904.
KOSMO5 LINE"R MEMPHIS. WBflCH.
" MA-DE THE RECORD .TRIP FROM
HAMBURG TO ti»OTMA.
* ' — , : — '. -, — *
son Bay for* London, fs <j:iot?d at 15 per cent,
and the British ahip.Edirh Mary, out' 70 days
from Ascension »ar .St. John's, is "also marked
at 15 per cent. The Kir.n la- quote*, at 80 per :
cent, the Troop at 15 per Vent and the. Lynd-
Drowned at Grays Harbor. '
W.ord was received yesterday at .the .Mer
chants' Exchalige that F. Hoiepurg. second
mate of. the': schooner A. F. Coats, has been ac
cidentally drowned kt CJrays Harbor. His
body has net been recovered.
Too^Rouffh i"o' Finish Ixiadinz. .
■ The steam schooper Prentiss. whicn arrived
yesterday- ■ from We'stpor.t, brought only a part
cargo, the •' weather having been tix> rough for
her .to finish loading. . -.• •
Chartered for -Ijiimber.
The schion«r William Bowden is chartered
for lumber from J*tieet Sound to Moilendo at
37a 6d, chartered ivrlor to. arrival; schooner.
Cec>'.ia Sudden, same business "from ' Grays
Harbor" fpr CoQUimbp. * • -.V"v*J
::*'-' ■ ' .' *—. — : — .
Grain" for EuropeJ
Tfce French bark. Blaart was cleared yester
lay-for Cneenstoien, for .orders, .'with -62,69;
ctfs barley, valued at $78,370, and 4502 ctl*
wheat, valued : at $6530. i The. vessel also car
ries 20.000 reet lumber as dunnage, valued al
r*soo. -
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
-. "ATKRIVBD. ■ -:;rv
.". ' " • '. -. • Wednesday, ' Nov. ' 30.' -.
Stmr Alcatrai. C>l«€n,' 40- hours, from Re-
Stmr Columbia." Daran. -60 hours-. from Port
land, via' Astoria .45 hours. . "• . "•
Stmr Fr'ahcte H -I>eggett,. Reiner*. "71 hour*
from Astoria;' bound souths put lR.to land pas
■*sfmr Gualala. Kalnin.- • '-16% " hours • from
B'owecs' Landicg.- •,■•"■■.."
Stmr Pren^e*. Ahlstrom^ " .20 hours . from
West-port.-' ■ . . .' . "' •" '■''■
. Stmr City of Sydney»-Mcl<ean, -20 days from
"Anilon. . ' . '• • . '' ' • " • ±S-
Stmr Aauncion. .Bridgett, 22 hour* from Port
Harford: : - . . :.- , " . ' ". ■ . .- ■ .
Stmr Set. Wehrcan.' "65.. hour* • from Grays
Harbor.' • •••'••. -' •..•"-' . • •". ■
■••" Stmr .'Q«3fa. Re4n«rt*on.. :25" bours. from. A!-'
bion." - * .* - * •• * * - . - ' - .*
. .' Stmr"" Newsboy, %ee, ' 48 hours, from.- .Crescent
City..'. ' '•• '" .-' • • •'• ' " .
•..Bark" Andrew "..Welch,- Drew, 18. days from
.Horiolala. .*-.'• ' "•'-.. .■'." ' ■' '-. "•'■■'-•"■•
- Baric- • W. *'B Flint: . Johnson, "21 .days -from
Makaweli. •'.-.- • . ." '•' ..'.'...":• ' '"'
".' Schr Advance.' Ojrldnissen. 6% days from Co
-qaUle : P s >'«r. "via --Eureka. 38. hour*, -in -tow .of
tu'ff-Coiu'inblaV. •"• • ' '''' ' .- ■ .
: -Tu«' -Columbia. . McGee", 5H" days- from Cc.
tjuille .River, via Eureka 36- hours, with schr
Advance 1n:-.tpw.- • • .•' • ". ' ' ' . -'r.
*. : .':- '•.'•••• CLEARED./-. . -V •'
• > •.••'■ : .' ' ". • " ' !-.• •■ . Wednesday, Nov. 30. • '
' "Guat MttAf- Chft!tip.erico. Lord,' Champerico,
■via Han' T>l€go: G«o A Moore, & 'Co.
■■/.Stmr-.Bonita, Preble; . San- Pfedro;' Pacific.
■Coast Steanrmhip Company. '• . .
" SVmr-' Pomona- • Swattison. -.Eureka": .'Pacific
"Cdas't Steamship .Cc.mpa-ny.
■ Stmr- State- bf California,. Thomas, San Dl»
eeo* Paclflc Coast Steamship Company..
. Br .ship' Loudqn Hill,. Boyd, -.Sydney; John
Barneson. " '
" Fr bark. Cas*ard, . Warneck. Sydney; F
• Ft >>a"rk Bidart," Pinsonne't.. Queenstown ; Bal
four. .'Guthrie & Go... •
"•..".■ .. "SAILED. .'
•"" • . . Wednesday, N'ov. 30.
Arctic, Nelson, Eureka. • '.
Stmr Pomona; Swanson. Eureka. ." •
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, Jlendoclno.
■ Stmr Elir-abeth; Jeneen, liandon.
• Stmr Gao Loomis, Badger. .Portland.
' Stmr .Francis H -Lesgejt. Reiner, San Pedro.
• Stmr Alcatraz, Olsen, Point Arena.
Stmr BrunsVick. Ellefsen, Fort Bragg,
i Stmr Prenties. Ahistrom, Westcort.
Br ship Clan Graham, Mclntyre, Port Town-
Erneef Beyer,. Oieulangard, Lelth.
SPOKEN.-
Sept 16 — Lat 54 S, Ion* -58 W, Br ship
County of Kinross, from " Belllngham, for
Queenstown. ... " _«
Ncv 26 — Lat 22- 12 N. long 74 22 W, stmr
Olty j>f. .Washington, from New -York, for
Colon. • • .
TELEGRAPHIC.
' POINT LOBOS. Noy 30, 10 p ni — Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 14 miles per Ijour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed Nov 2d-;-Stmr Humboldt,
for- Skagway.
SOUTH • BEND — Sailed Nov 29 — Schr
Churchill, for Sa-n Francisco.-
Arrived Kor 30 — Bktn Encore, from Eleele.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Nov 29. 5 p m—
Etmr Asuncion, fcr San Francisco. . .
Sailed Nov 30— Stmr W H Kruger, for San
FTanclsco.
• ASTORIA — Arrived Nov 30— Br stmr Elleric.
from Yokohama: stmr Geo W Elder Bence
Nov' 2S: stmr Aurelia henc« Nov 27.
PORT- TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 3O — Sch»
William Bowden, from Klaochau.
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 29— Stmr F A KH
burn. for San Franciaco. ,
Arrived Nov 29 — Schr Novelty, hence Nov 24.
Sailed ' Nov 30— Stmr Breakwater, for San
Franclaco; stmr Alliance, for Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 29— Schr
Laura Madsen. from Winslow. • .
Sailed Nov 29 — Schr A J Wait, for San Di
ego: schr Kona. for Redondo; *chr Sauaallto.
for San Francisco; schr Jesele Minor, for San
?ATOOSH— Pased in' Nov .10— Schr James H
Bruce from San Pedro, for Tacoma. •
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 30— Stmr Eureka,
hence Xov 29. .
• • Sailed Nov 30 — Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco: etmr Noyo, for San Francisco.'
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Nov 30 — Stmr Lakme,
from Eureka.: stmr San Gabriel, i from Umpqua
River: ■ ttmr Santa Crux. ',, from -. Port , Harford;
stmr Cocs Bay, hence Nov 27; ochr. Ethel Zane, --j
from Columbia River; schr Dauntless, , from |
Gravi Harbor. -•; • ' -
Qraisited • "a Lease
. ■ • for Fifteen : . •
■ • ••:.. :: Years. •-.". : .:
1 -Sailed .XoV_ 30 — Strar Marshflald,' .for- San
Dlegc-. «tnsr Robert. rJollar. •" fcr Rcri-.ndo;
stmr Alcazar, .for San Francisco: 'Santa
Barbara. . lor San Francisco; st:nr Coos Bay.
"for Sa.~. Fsanctsco. via way ports; sfmr Santa.
Cruz.* for Sap Francisco; «chr Meteor, "for Port.
T6wns<?nd. '• .
REDONbO — Arrived Nev -.30;— Stmr, Robert
Dollar, from San Pedro. • '. • -
SAN DII^GO— Arrived N.ov 30— Stmr ilarsh
fleld. from San Pedro. • - • • •
. SANTA BAKB4RX— Sailed Nov ;-J0-"atmr
banta Rosa tof San Francisco. - •* ". ■'■■', t '-
• • ' ISLAND .PORTS.
HONOLULU— SalM 'Nov 30-.-Stmr Alameda.
[ for San Fraj'iclsco. ' •
"Arrived Nov" 30— Ship Marion Chllcott. hen/:e
Nov 2. '
.Sailed Nov 30— Ptmr Siberia,, frum China and
! Japan, for San Fr.mcUco.
•MANILA .-Arrived Ngy-VH) — Schr Expansion.
from Ncvo, Ca.'. ... l , .■ - " • •
EASTERN PORTS. ,;
NEW "TORK— Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Alli
j anca." from Colcn.
1 Sailed Nov 29 — Stmr Segruranpa. for Colon." '
L PHJL-\ DELPHI A— Sailed Nov 30— Stmr Ha
waila'n, for' New York, to load for San Fran
•cisco. •
•FOREIGN PORTS.
NEWCASTLE. *ACS— Arrived pHor to Nov
2"0 — Br stmr rvouterburn.". hence* Sent 2p.
PORT NAT-AL— Arrived Nov .3— Br *tmr
Satsuma. from New York.
". CORINTO— Sailed NdV 18— Ger etmr Ni
caria. 'for Hamburr. ■ •■ • ■- •••
MARSEILLES^-'Sailed "Nov 20— Br stmr
Vulcan. ?or New York.
: CHtMULPO — Arrived Nov 1»— Nor stmr
Hero, from -Tseonu. •■-,- -■.'■■
YOKOHAMA' — Sailed Nov." 80— Stmr ...Mbn
g*olla, for San Francisco.
•• v OCEAN STKAMERS.^
• NEW -.YOHK— Arrived" Ncv SO— Stmr Heli-'
Rolav. from Copenhagen; stmr Italy.,' from
Naples. " . ' ' • .
" Sailed "Nov 30 — Stmr Baltic, for ' Liverpool ;
stmr Lombardl. for-Naples and Genoa:'
•NAPLES — Arrived Nov 30^ — Stmr Phoenicia.
' from New York. . • . ; • .
LONDON — Arrived . Nov 3ft— Stmr Majestic:
from New York.
GENOA— Arrived Nov . 30-"-Stmr Priseees
Irene, from 'fc>w York. " , .
P'ORT SAID— Sailed Nov 30— Stmr Oanfa,.
from Tacoma. Yokohama and Hongkong, for'
Uverjjool.
ACAPULCO — Sailed Nov 29 — Stmr Newport,
for San' Francisco. Nov 30 — Stmr City of Pan-.
jama, for Ancon. . . -<'-•'', --Vr-'
Memoranda.
. Per- stmr Prenttss, from. WestDOrt Nov 30^ —
Brought down" only part of cargo, it being- too
rough to load.. • . , '.'•*_ ; '••• ..
• Second tOfflce'r' F. -HoseburK of scHr A F
Coatp was- accidentally, "drojvned In harbor .at
Grays Harbor: body- not yet recovered. • .
' . • . * ♦ — •■ . . • -: .
31ovements of Steamers.-
I-'. > ." . . TO' ARRIVE. " " '_ . " " '"• "■
'■ Steamer. "' . ' -' ' From. • I Due.
Redondo. v...:. Portland "& Astoria.- . .- : . fb-c :" I
■ Centralia. ...... Grays Harbor'. Dec. IV
E. .A. Kllburn Portland &' Coos Bay.lDec.'- 1
Montara • .Tacoma '..!..; •. ..|Dec. 1
Chehalls . Gray 8 Harbor Dec 1-
S. Rosa...'. .. . Saa Diego 4i Way Pis. (Dec.' I-
Point Arena.. Mtndoclno &. Pt. "Arena Dec . 1'
Afgo... •-. Eel .River Poets' ".Dec: i
Br^ak«ater... Cooe Bay ..: .'..'.. Dec 1
Corona Humboldt. ."; •„ D«>c! ' 1
•Chico.- San Pedrp- "" Dec* -"2
Del None Crescent "City". ...\.\ .. Dec'.' 2
Coos Bay: San P*dro & Way Pts. Dec- 2
Queen.....:. • "Pufcet SounJl Poru .'.. Dec 2
.Gaelic China & Japan Dec"' -2
Eureka .:.....• Humboldt I;.. .'. . r>g C ' 2
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor-' .Dec 3
■Norwood ...... Grays Harbor: : Dec" 3
Ban Pedro.:, v San Pedro • Dee' •+
• S. Barbara.'.:] San Pedro .-..; "fDec' : 3'
Northland ! San Pedro , n ec " 3
North Fork . . .'i Hambbldt - "•" " u^c' 4
Pomona I Humboldt .'....'. .,..."* Dec* 4'
Arctic. J Humboldt Dec 4
Siberia. , China & Japan : Dec' 5
Enterprise... Hilo <.". Dec • B
Saxonla Hamburg & Way Ports.' Dec. 5
G. TC. Elder.. 1 Portland & Astoria..;. Dm 5
Stat<jof Cal.-fSan Dleg:o & Way Pts Dec' • 5
Arcata Cooa Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. 6-
Potno --"- Poir.% Arena & Albion. Dec. 6.
Alameda [Honolulu ........ "Dec 6
Bonlta 1 Newport & Way Ports" I Dee' 6
Sequoia ...... Wlllapa Harbor . •:..*' Del' 7 '
City"Puebla.. Puget Sound" Ports ..'.* Dec ' 7-
Aurelia Portland & Astoria ' De* 7
Newport New York via Aneon*' Dec'.' 8
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... E>eo.. iq
•__ ; TO SAIt,. "
" Steamer. " Destination." Salls.l Pier. '
, December l. ~Ti' .-..•_-»
•Centralia... Los Angeles .Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Coronado.".. Grays -Harbor .... 4 prnlP 'i W
.Vanguard.. Eureka d-irect ..... 8 km P i r 2?
Homer.'.... Grays Harbor .... 4 SSlPier *
G. Dollar..*. Grays Harbor .... 4 pS \p\, r «H)
Jeanle *. Seattle •& -Tacoma. 5 pm P er "o
Chehalis.... L09 Angeles Ports. 4- SSjPiera
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am^Pler ii
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor .... 1 pS Pilr 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 £{£ «„ ,?'
Pomo...... Pt. Arena &• Albion 6 pm. Pier 4
Sonoma.... Sydney^ Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Umatilla... PuferSound Ports. 11 £m Pier 9
Memphis... HaUflJtlrs; A Way.. 10 am Pier lfl
Bonlta..... Newport St Way.. 9 ani P er 11
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 Pier 10
December 3. 1
Chico Coqullle : River .... 1 pm |p le r 2
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amiPier 3
Northland. . Astoria & PorUand|12 m pier 27'
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor | 4 pm p !! ,^'
San Pedro. Humtioldt\ ........ 12 m w. \
Argo. . . . . '. . Eel River Ports.'. . 4 D m Pier 2
Norwood. . . Los Angeles Port's. 10 am Pier 2
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way. . 4 pm Pier 27 1
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier S •
Point Arena Point Arena ...... 4 p m pj" Si
Korea.*..... China & Japan.... \ p m pj"[J. 4 J '
San Juan. . . N. T. via Ancon. . 12 m Pie". 40
Columbia.. Astoria & .Portland 11 am Pier *4
Corona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
.•December 4.
S.Rosa SanDlegro & Way. » am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
December 5.. , !";".
Redondo. . . Portland & Way. . 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay. . San Pedro A Way. . 9 im Pier U
:""• Decetaber 6.
Pomona.. . .. Humboldt .-..:. . . . . 1 :30 p Pier 9
Queen... ••• Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier x
; December 7.
Arctic...... Humboldt \...."..;. 8 am Pier 2
Curacao. . • • Mexican Ports : : . . 10 am Pier 11
• . December 8. .
N. Fork. . ..I Humboldt ........; 9 am Pier 20
G W. Elder Astoria ' & ' Portland 11 am Pier 24
.. -,,--. ■ December 10. . .■■.,,■ | -,-■
Aurelia . . . . Astoria ; & . Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
• Alameda... I : Honolulu;.."..".:..". 11 am Pier' 7
City Sydney N. 1 T. vU Ancon .. j 12 -. m | p ior 40 I
j-.in ■ mil mi At Ml IMIMWIIMIIIII fi 1 1 ifi 1 11 1 |T
Weather Keport.
(12OtK Meridian — Pacific Time.)
; SAN FRANCISCO..'. Nov. ftO— « p. in.
Th° following maximum and minimum tem
peratures jwe reported for the previous day :
'Cincinnati 60-28 Philadelphia ...'..50-44
Boston 48-41*, Washington 56-48
Jacksonville 72-58; New York .50-44
St. Louis :' 52-28 Pittsburgh ... '60-28
Chicago 34-18 Honolulu, h: I.,S0-72
New Orleans 74-5CI * . •* ; '.
SAN • FiRANClSCO \ «0-50 . :
The following are .the seaeonal rainfalla to
date. as compared with those of the same date
last season, and the rainfall in the las; twen
ty-four hours:
■^. . Last This" Last
Stations — £4 .Hours. Season. ! Season.
Eureka ...>..„• O.6S 8.J1 14.08
Red Bluff .. . 0.32 10.70 8.45 .
Sacramento .....'. O.20 7.59 3.50
San Francisco 0.14. 8.59 4.42
Fresno : Trace- 5.06 0.88
Independence ...... 0.0<> *O.4J 0.42
San Luis Obispo. . 0.02 4.73 0.50
Los Angeles ". 0.00 • 1.14 0.43
*oan Diego ....... O.OO 0.17 •• 0.07'
THE COAST -RECORD. >/
,'sa" a k •■ a ■ "Jo- ;> a.
I •. :;■- 3- $*. rf| -*z %»' - a
•.STATIONS. S ; ||p ?§ f?~J ■-•
• • 'J5 • ■ '■'■:•-■' ' ?
* :___z_3 :••_ L_ ■ '•
Baker ". ..20.94 50 30 XW Clear '. .01
Carson \20.8S-58 22 W Pt.Cldy .<Q
Eureka ,3i>.12 5« , *4 W Kt.jCldy ..08
Frssno . .-.30.04 '62 " 40" NW Cloudy T.
S. E.-FaraIIon..1».09 59 " 14 NW C.ear • .20
Flagstaff 3(fA)2 Z». 16 TV Clear * .00
.Pocatcllo ...... 00 54* 22}- SW Pt.Cldy .00
Independent; .23.9 > 64 3S S Cloudy- jOO
LoS Angeles:. SO. 02 70 52 W Pt.Cldy .«•)
Mt Tamalpai*..no.JO 49 • 46 • NW Clear .59
North Head.. 20. & 52 "4& SW Cloudy .42
Phoenix 20.02 78". 46 NE? Clear .* .OS.
Point Reyei..30.tfa- 56 -53. NW. Clear ' .24
Portland" .....2!».&2 54 :i2 SW " RtCln -.22
Red Bluff. ....30.0S 6f> 4<J SE Slear ..32
Roaeburjr ...'.30.04 "BS SW". Clcudy: .12
SJaerarnento . .ro-.CS . 04 42 S Clear. • ."12
.Salt I J ake..:.23.t>2' 52 30 NW Cloudy .00
•San Frar.ciifco.30.12 80 Srt -W Oear v.l*
.S. L. Obi5p.3..30.06 62 44 W Cloudy .0?
San r>Iego...\20.S6 «« .56 -SW 'Cl*$r . .0<>
•Seattle ........ 20. S4 54' 42 .8E ' Rain ' .12
Spokane .....29.88 4«- *0 S Cloudy .01
Tatoosh 29. R3 52 4S- SW Cloudy -.40
"Walla- tValIa..2n. Oft 32 V> "SE Clear ; T:
. Wlnnemucca .28..02- «2 -S4 W" . Cloudy '■ T.
'Yuma .....•.'..29.30 52 .46: SE Cl*>.<ir . .'00
WEATHER. CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
\. FORECAST. .• •. .. •
Unsettled 'weather prevails* over the entire
Pacific Coast. The rain has fallen from San
Luis Obltpo northward in varied amosnts.
Hljrh soui'hrrly winds ftre reporterl at- North-
Head and at 'Tatoosh ••Island. High westerly
winds hare occurred at C«r«on City ahd Mo
d "na. Th» temperature continues- abent "nor
ma! lij Callfarnla. • ..•■■": s - V
The rainfall at San Francisco for the month
of November was less than j haU the normal
amount. ' ».■" ; ' • • '
Forecast mad« at San Francisco fbr thirty,
hours epdlng midnjight. -Decemppr 1 :
California. . north ,«rf Tehachapj — Ctbudy
Thursday. po*slbfy shn'wvrs In northern '. por
■tion; fresh southerly" winds. • . ."
California. south of Tshaehapl— Cloudy
Thursday; Hrht west winds; possibly 1 showers
In' the early-. -morningr.
'^Nevada— Cloudy: cooler -Thursday. :
"San Frtinclscd -and •.vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day: poF3iVly light* sHowers at . night: fresH
south .winds. .• .•".'..•■•
Lo* Angeles and'vl'cinltV-*-C1oudy Thursday;
light southwest wind; pcssiHy .showers in the
early m?rn*lnsr- • ■• • .
• Sacramento — Cloudy Thursday; pooler:' fresh
south wind*. " .* . • ' ..'•
Fresn^^-Cloudy Thursday: light north winds.
A. 'G. McADIEi," District Forecaster.
__™<£i_ SEATTLE. ' -'• ■
Steamer. •• / Destination.' Sails.
Santa Ana.'.... Seldovla fc Way Ports. Dec. j 1
Cottage City: . Pkagway & .Way Ports. Dec. 5
Portland Cooks Inlet ft Way Pt3 Dec. 10
Faxallon. ...'. I Skagway.& Way. Ports. |Dec. -10
Sun, Moon anil Tide.
United, States Coast • and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low .Waters
• at- Fort Point, entra'rice to San Francisco
• Bay. . 'Published by official aathorlty of .the
Superintendent-
NOTE — The hlsrh* and low- waters occur at
th« ct'ty front <Missloh. : street tcharf) about 25
minutes later than at" Fort. Point"; the height
of 'tide ig the 'game at both places. . . _ ••
" THURSDAY. : DECEMBER 1. •
Sun rises. •-•..*:.'. .,. .•.....:'...: "..7:07
Sun sets ..." ■. "....«..". -....4:50
Moon rises •:-. " 0:42 a. m,
! 5' ITlmeJ jTlmel • ITI-meJ" 'jTimeJ
£ I ( Ft. ! Ft. I— —{ Ft. {•- — f Ft.
•* IH W|. |L W|. . jH \V) IL.Wj'
"l 6^30 5.3'12:47 t" 6:'.?2 4.1!.../.' '
t, W . H W . L W H W
.'2 0':37 1.3 7:15 5.5 1:42 1.0 8:08 4-t
3 1-32 "1.8 8:02 3.8 1 2:37 0.3 9:18 4.3
4 2:23 2.1 8:47 6.0i 3:.'M> — 0.2 10«10 4.6
5 3..09 2,3 9:30! • 6.1j 4q6!-rO.7ill.:14l 4.7
NOTE — In the above. .e.xpQ6itlon- 'of. the -tides
the early morning tides are given In. the left
hand column and- the successive tides tit the
day. in the 'order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gtvejs .the last tide of tfce
day. 'except when-. Jhere" are but three tides., as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to. the soundings, of -the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus <— )
Sign -precede* <he- height.'. and' then the number
•given "Is subtracted from, the depth given by
the chart*. ' The plane of .reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. :•;•..:' ■ .
Tim*. B'all
Branch. HyJrographic Of'flce. U. S. N... Mer
chants'" Cxehange. San Frfcncisco. Cal.,
November 30.. 1904. • '. '. * '• •
The "Tim* Ball on "th« towtir of the -Ferry
building. Was dropped exact!}: at noon" to-day —
i e.. at. noori of the" 120th mer-idian. "or at '8
p. in. Greenwich time,' J. C. BURNETT, '
. . Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
Water Front Xoties.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner So
:noma. -Captain Herriman; ' wilt- leave at" 2
o'clock' this afternoon, fcr Honolulu and -the
Antipodes. Stie wilt take a. full' cargo and a
full complement oJE passengers.. •• ' ■• ;
The liner A'lameda. tfy which' the people of
Honolulu 'regulnte their clocks, stilled 'yesterday
from "the island port and will' be here Decem
ber 6. . . ' . ' • ' . . 1 ' .
'The' Pacific Ifcail- Company"s steamer San
Juan will sail for Aijcwn and . way ports- on
Saturday at. noon. ■ Instead of at 5 o'clock Sun
day atternoon; asK scheduled.
The river steamers J: *p. Peters and Captain
Webber were 1 in •'collfslon .Tuesday night at
Washlhjrtoh-etreet wharf. The Peters smashed
the Webber's wheel and damaged her fantail.-
Nobody- was Injured. •
The bark W. B. Flint arrived yesterday, 21
days from Makaweli. and the .bark 'Andrew
Welch IS days from Honolulu, also reached
port. 'The' Flint brought. 1222 bags' -of sugar
ar.d the Welch 16.482 bags. •
The biff llnef* Mongolia left Yokohama yes
terday for this port. .- •
Some men's idea' of economy is to buy
two drinks' for a. quarter. •
THE CAJjL'S CALENDAR.
". Decembcar,- 1904..
■ j^ i^ t. "wTf t. 1 f:- s. ccn ., ph ~
[ I l-J 2 3 4jvNew Moon
— 1- — S»r>ec. 6.
_*__» «__J 8 ' 9 - 1Q -m F»rst Qr.
11. 12 13 14 15 -16 17 • '^ D f c .', I* ■
I li ; : /C^iFuIl Moon
18 19 20 2i 22 23 24 W Pec. .22
25 26 "27 I 28 29 30 1 31 *L Dec. 29.
\ OCEAN TRAVEIi. .".
AMERICAN UWB.
Plymouth — Caerbonrsr — Southampton.
•Flnl'd. Dec.10. 10:30 a|St. Paul Dec 24
'■ New Tork ....Dec. K'St. Louis...... Dec. 31
[ 'Calllns at Dover for Loridon and Paris.
; ; ATLANTIC TBA.NSPORTI.nfE
New York — Xrfmdon Direct.
Minnehaha.Dst.lQ,8 am'Men'm'e. .Dec24. 10 am
Manitou, Dec.17, lOam'Mntnka. Dec.31, 1 pm
■ « ■■••••■■• ' DOMINION LINE.
Montreal— Xiverpool— Short sea passage.
I Canada .....••---•---December 10.
[ BED STAE 1ESE.
Kew Tork — Aatwerp— IVondon — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Patit.-
Flnland ........Dec lOlKroonland .'.,.Dec 24
Zeeland . .. Dec. 17|\ aderland Deo. . 31
WHITE ETAE LUTE.
H«w Tork — Queenjtowa— l4T«rpooL,
Oceanlc.Dec.14. 10 am,Baltic Dec. 28. io am
MaJeatlc.Dec.21. 10 am'Cedrlc. Jan. 4, 4:30 am
- . Boston — Queenatown — Ulveroool.
Cymric " • • . vT^Dee. 21|Wlnif redlan . . . . j« n . 4
HTBW TOBK AJTO BOSTON DIBECT
To t&e Mediterrantan.
Gibralt«^aplw. E O« Y 0^««drIa.
CRETIC . ..... • - • -Dec. 12. Feb. 4, March 18
■ REPUBLIC ".....*..-".'•--*.- Jan. 14. Feb. ' 23
r~- \ U^7 FROM BOSTON , .
ROMANIC Dec- 10, : Jan. 28, March 11
CANOPIC •<■ . rrrrr. ~;.~ . :: r . t.n Jan. \ i, Feb. 18
C > D.' TATLOR. . Passenger A8* nt Pacific Coast,
[-:' 21 Post St., San Francisco.
j^bvERLAHDy^
ff LIMITED \
Si is a luxurious solid through train EVERY DAY
SB IN THE YEAR, less than thre« days to Chicago %1
B S over the only double-track railway, between the 111
MS Missouri River and Chicago. Electric lighted 11
II throughout. Two trains daily via- the ' ' ||
II : CHICAGO. UNION PACIFIC §
11 AND NORTH -WESTERN LINE. SI
Direct connection for St. Paul and Minneapolis. S3
* The Best of Everything. SW
.For tickets, sleeping car reaervationa and full infor- &$ ' '
- * * mation apply to nearest ticket j^SiV" 31 !??^
//SUjj&zSfZfiffl^t K.S.BJTCIH&ea'llft.PtaisCoMt.C.il-T.ST, 3v^l*1 la{"*'jf
iciilGAGO T iN 3 DAYSi
I 3 LEAVER DAILY AT93O AM B.
i ■ ■ . ■ . .- • • • • •■•-'
I . ■ Other. Santa 7e.Tralait
•"o- : »ft *' m' 1 For Stockton. Fresno. BaJcersfleld.
I 8:00 p. m:J M*rced. Hanford and Vlsalia.
' 4:C0 p. m.' Eor Stockton. • .
;'8:jOO p.. m. For Kin;*i City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago. • : .
I Ticket Offices— 641 Maeket st. and Ferry Depot,
i . San Francisco; al» 1112 Broadway. Oak.
• • land. Cal.; also 37 South 1st, San Jose. ■'.
I CALIFORNIA KORTHWESTTERNHY. CO.
• . Tfbaron Terry, £oot of Market Street. .
I SAU-FIt»irCISCOTO SAN BlFAEl.
f WEEK DAT&— 7:30; 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 1?.:35.
I .3:3C. r«:J10,'6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
t -at il.-au p. m. ■. . .";-•
i Saturday's — Extfa. trip-».t 1:50 *nd 11:30. p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. "m.; 1:30. 3:30.-
; 5:00. C:20. 11:30 p. m. . .
SAN SAPAEL TQ' SAN PRAI7CISC0.
! WEEK DAYS— «:f» 7:33. 7;5O.. 9:20. 11-.13
: a. iri.: 12:oO. 3:40. 5:0d.*5:2o p. m. * ' .
! Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:33 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
'4:06. 5-.0S. 6:25 p. m... .' ; " ' - .
tp*Ve: " I ' In Effect . I -Arrive
San Fr-an. I Oct. . 19O4. f Saa.Fran..
W«<K I Sun- !' D*j5ttim- J- Sun- J'Week
. Day*. 1 ".days. I " tloa' 1 daj's."| Pays.
7":30a S.CO a ' . ' 9:10a 8:40a
p:30a Irnacja ' 10:40.a 10:20 a
i 3:30 p 3:30 p ' .' • 6-C3 p 6:20 p
I 5:10 p 5:COp . 7:33-p ,
7:30 al | 9:10 a S:40a
5:00 al NoTato • 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p Petaluma 6:034> 6:20 p
•5:10p| 3:."»p| . and.... 7:33p
\ . J5:00p| Santa. Rosa. "
! ' 7:30 at T~\ . "• \ 10:40 aflO:2Q a
I S:0Oa|- * Fulton*. ■ 7:33 pi 6:20 p
t. a.3&pl -3:30 p{ • -• ,. .. I
( • - Windsor.'- ■ • •
7:30.a 8:00 a' Heald?bur«, 10:40 a 10:20a
Lytton. * '
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20p
Cloverdal?.
I -Z^Oa! 8:00*1" ' Hopland 110:40 al 10:20 a
■ <:30p| 3:30 p| .and UkUh.- {' 7-:33 p( 6:20 p
~ i "Hj Wlllits and- I J^ -
I . 7.:30al.8:00a| Sherwood. : | 7:33 p{ 6:20 p
.7.:30al 8:00 al " : .- J10U0 a!10:20)a
3:30.p! S:30p| ' GaernevlUe. I 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 al R:0Oa| - Sanoroa. i 9:10 a! 8:40 a
f. 6:10 p| 3:00 *p| Glen Ellen." ( 6:05.p( 6:10 p
I .7:30 at 8:00 al ... . 110:40 a|10:2O a
! 3:30 p| 3:30 pi Sebastopol. I T:35p.j 6:50 p
'. " STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
: Quentin' at Santa Rosa for .White .Sulphur
! Springs -and Mark West Spring*: at Ly.tton for
! Lytton " Sprin&s; at GeyserVille .-for, Skag?i
• Springs: at Clorrerdal* for the Geysers, Boone-
' villa and Greenwood': at.Hopland for Duncan
*Drlne* Highland Springs. Kelsejrville. Carls-
• bad -Sprtn«;». Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
' tDrtnss and Lake County Hot 3prtn«-»:- at
. L'kiah for 'Vichy Sprlnrs. Sarat&g-a. Sprincs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake.. Witter Springs.
' -rDuef Lake. Pomo. -.Potter Valley. John Day's.
I Riverside. Llerly'a. Bneknell's. Sanhedrin
1 M.iants, "Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
' Hnuse romptche. Hopkins. Mendocino aty.-
I Fort "Brags*. Westport »nd Usal; at WUUts-for
. Kori Bra«B. Hearst.anrf Sawyers; at Sh-rwoad
for Canto." Covelo. Laytonvllie. Cttmmiiigs.
1 'Bell's Springs. ' Harris. Hubbard. Fruitland.
I Dyer. Garbervllte..Camp 5. Pepperwood. ScptJ*
: -* D e a turday. to Monday round-trip tickets afrs-
duced rates.. .'.' . '. . .
• On Sur.day — Ro.und-trlp.-'tlcke}s .to. all points
beyond fian Rafael, at half rates; . . ■ ...
- Ticket office. 630 Market street. ChronlcU
buildins*. ■• " ' * :
"JAS. L. FRAZIER. ...R..X: RTAN.
: . '• Ge'n. Manarer. Gen. Pass. Agt. y
! ..•• ; OCEAN TRAVEL^ ' ; •
"•^*m » «^^ Steamers' leave' Brbadway
SM>^-i&f\ wharves, (piers 9 and 11).
AySS^ San Ft*nci3co: : . .
/r/C-<3aS!l \*\ for 'Ketchlkan. Wransel.
1*1 i^*^! \o\ Juneau. Treadwell. Hatne^.
HI F*xl JL— I <kaguaj-. • etc. Alaska — 11
VSSv fa£a? JSI a.-m.. Dec. 1. 6/ 11.- 16, 21.
V"VS4^^V^S!/' 2«, 31; J*n- 3. Change to
\yy — *%S>S thl» company's . stearoers at
'- Seattle. • '
, ..Tor Victoria. Vancouver. Port Townsend.
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. South Belllngham.
'Bellln&ham— 11 a. m. Dec. 1. 6. 11. 16. .-Si; 28.
31, 'Jan. 3. Chans* at Seattle, "to tb.is com
pa"ny"» steamers for Alaska and G-. X. Ry. ; at
&ea-ttle or Tacoma' to X. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
i to C. P:.Ry. "
Fcr Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, -1 :SO
I p m., Dec. 6. 12.* IS, 21. 30, Jan. 3. Corona.
1:30 "p. m.. Dec. 3. 9, 151 »1. 27, Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo* Angeles and
Redondo). E.an Diego and Santa .Barbara— San-
■ta Rosa. • Sundays. 9 a. m.
Ststte;'of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
Fcr T.is A"<rel»s 'via ?an Pedro and «"».«t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux, Mon-
t«r»n-. ''-.- P'n>«"n f"»»yu~ > » K rt H^rforJ <£-aa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hneneme.
. Bonitc. s» a. m., Dec. l; t», 17, 2B. Jan. 2.
. Coos Bay, 9 a. in.. Dec. 5. 13. 21. 29, Jan. 6.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay, j^an Jose de!
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altnta La Pas. Far.u Ro-
salia. Guavmas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Rlg;ht
• Is reserved to fharjre ?teamers' or sailing datts.
TICICET OFFICES — 4 Jsew Montgom-
ery st. (Palace HnteD.lO Market st..and Broad-
way wharves, rreisrht Offlea 10 Market st.
' C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent."
10 Market «., San Francisco. '
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
fal} for and check; barea re from hotels and
residences. Tel«3hcne Exchaage 312.
oceanscs.s.co. j^smt
S. S. SONOMA.. lor Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
. and Sydney Thursday. Dec 1, 2 D m
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Dec.10. 11 a.m
S. S. MARIPOSA. tor Tahiti. Dec. 31. u i.j£
J.D.SPEICHLSiBEOI Cl, AlH.TicrsiCHagt^ijr.
iaL Frsig&t Ctscs 327 Matot si, Pig-7. Paciij ; :
C0X?AG5IS GSriE3%L5 TSAW3 KX^kSrti7i\
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^A
galling every Tnnrsday lmtead of Vww,
Baturda.y. at 10 a, m.. ftora Pier
42, North'Rlver. foot of Jlorton «t.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec.
ond das* to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 &Ww»y • (Hudson buiMInjr)
NewTond- J. r. iTfcjGAZI & CO.. Paciflor CoSt
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For TJ. S. KtTTTtrd and VaUoJo.
Sirs. General Frisble, Monticello and .Arrow
9:43 a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. « p.m.. 8:20 pi
m. Leave San Francisco .Sundays 9:45 a.m..
i 12 JO p.m.. 6 p.m.. S>:3U p.m. Leave Vallejo. 7
a.m., 9 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:13 p.m.. 8 p.m. Sun.
' days' 7 a.m.,'» 1 a-m~, i 3;2Op.m.. 6 p.m. .pter 2.
ft Mission St.; phope Main 130S. HATCH BROS
y^^H^S. Tr»l«s 1 •«'▼•»■ 4 ari» (t««
. />IV*irjr>s^Nr t«*rrtv*at-
(£OaXsjt\ z\ ®^ N -FKANCI3CO.
" -/Toot of Miri-t Street > .
i.****'—. MAIN LiNE. -Am»rr»
. 7 COa .V'*c«»liie. Winters, Uo.uirj,, 7 60i»
700> 8ealr.<«, El'mlri »n<l 9*crm3ieato . ?.2O?
. 730a Tallajo. S\px. I'tltium. 6aau
Kosa. U^rttuez. Saa [Samoa . 8-tO»
f 30a Ntie*. Tracy. Littirop. $tocc:oa.... 7. 20*
. 8 00a Sbmw E.tr>r«M— cVla Darlt).
' wniiamr.. Witloirs, trrnta Ued '- '
\-" '". Bla)T. Portland. T*comv Seattle 7.50**
■ 9. C0>) Darrla. Vocdlajtd, Knlgai* L*adia«.
M*'T jyllle. OroTlll*...- 7-50»»
■ 8 30« Mtru'ner. -AntiocH Bj^-oa, Tr»cy, .
Stocktoo. Ktwait, Lo« Damo*.
Meodstx . .'irmoas, H»aford.
: : VUaiU J^orurrHI* ~ «V20»
8-3Sa Port Coita. 41odesto. M arced. ■
.' : Fre«tK>. Ooinen J'dBcUoa, Hma- ' •
" . ' ford. VImIU. B*»eri4el4 ... ... 4.50»
8 30 A NKes. San -.lose. Ltrerraorc. Stock-
. ton. ftMn'ttja); l^ne. 8acr»n>«atow
* * MarysTtt'.r, Cbico. Bed Bioff .... 4-20»
' 8 W a Oikdaie. Chiafx**. JaaaeiUnrn. 9o>
• -Bont. Tnolumaf «ad A.uf\* ..... **|**
9 COA-At«»nt!cEjpr»»s— Of:<iea»ndE»«t. 5-2U»
870a Richmond, Mirttaex aad Way . _'
8utioas ;...'.. ,..•. 8-M»
lOOOATba OTerUad Limited — **Kden.
. . Omaba. Cbicasv. penTar.Kaiusa
io4ma va c iKV^::::-:.:::::::::-:n £&
10.00a Lo* .Anireles F«««n?er — Port
.' ■ Cost*. Marttaes, Byroo. Tracy.
. Lath-ip. Stockton. Merced.
BaymoBrf..yre»ao. Oo«l««n Jaao"
•"rtojj. HunVord. Ltmoore. Vltalis, •
' . ' BaVer-.fleU. Loa-An^ele* J-20*
f2jOOM H»yw»rd. JiV.et and Way Station*. *-20*»
tlCOPSn.Tntnent'oU'.Ter Stf*ra?rs.. tll.00»*
. -3 3CP Benicts, winters. ' Sac.rsaiento. . .
. Woodlsttd. Khl«ht« Landlasj.
MarjjTl-'.e. OtOTUIe • and wax ' ...
sUUons 10-50*.
3.38P-Harwiird.j<n!ea and Way Stations.. 750i».
5 30 P. Port O>sr i. Martlaex, By roD.T racj,
L.ithrop. SUH-llou.. M o'lei to.
Merced.. Berecda. Frevao and
•Way Stations beyoud l'on Cost* 12-28*
4 -WJP Uartlnei.9aa Rumen, Vallejo, Nap*.
C*ll«tcga.-SanwBo»*....- .2*9*
• 4C0p Kllei. Tracy. Srpcktoi •.... 10.20*
4 30PH»rw»rii. Irrl»4«toa. Saa) tS-SO*
Jos*. LlTermora : » 111.60*
6 CDPThe Owl Limited— Sewman. Lot
U»no». .Meodo'ca. Fretao. .Tulart.
Bak0r*field.LoaAngs;ea. ...-.-. 8-50*
t5 30p Hayward. Ntlea and Kan Joa« ..-_ 7.20*
SXOPIIarwand. Nile* and San Jon....... aVSO*
' S COP Ea-stera Ex'jreai — Omaba. Cbleajm,
- Dtnrer. Kaasaa City. St. Loula.
• '' •■':, Martinet; Stockton. Sacramsnux
. -Coifix. Reno." Spirit*. MoawU*.
Oirdfn : *2.60»
•.00p V»llr Jo, daily. »xeept flandiy ... . f 7 Bo -
• 7XCp Vallejo. 9undty only f- loum
■ 7J]0p Klchinood. dan P*b!o, Port Cost**
- . Marilnes ind Way Stations 11.20a
.7-00p Beao FM«e«?«r — Port Cost*. B«-
- -. nldv .sui**a. Elsatra. Dtxoa.
Davis. Sacrament». Sparks. Tono-
p*b, E>eier aad 'WayStation*.-.. 7-50*
' I OSp Oregon A Callforata Expre»»-S»o- •
nunento, Morysrllle. Beddtae.
Portland. Pnget Socad aad Eats. 8.S0A
i.lOP Hayward." Sne» aad Saa Jow (3o»
day.onlyj ...•. 11-80*
• COAST LINE Marrnw ««a ? .>,
' (Voot 9? Mm-ltet Street.)
•■ISA Newark. CenterrUle. Saa Jom.
F el ton. 'Boalder Creek. Eant*
Cmx and Way Stations 5 55*
•12-15P >»w»rk, Centerrllle. Saa Jom,
'. . . -■ Hew AUn Alien, Los Gato«.Fe::oa,
. * '. Bonlder Cr>>ek, Siaw Cras and '
Principal Way. 8taUon» :.. tifl.SS*.
j 4.1SP Newark. Saa Jose, Lot G»toi... \ : }§J|a
•3 3Cp Banter*' Train (Saturday »nly)—
• San Jong and War St«tion» ...... t7.25ff
COAST LINE
gy* ( laird »nd l'ii-.rn»enil Street*.)
.' *61Ca Saa Jo»e auJ Way Station*..'. % 6-30P
7. COa Saa Jo«e and Way Stations. 54Cp
100a Xew-Almadea (Taes., Frld.. only). 41C»
• SOOATbe Coaster— San 'Joae. Balinaa.
. 6*o Ardo. P<uo Roble*. Saata
*far«>rtta. San Lul*' Obtapow •
- . . 6n(utatui>e. .GaTlot*. Santa Bar>
bara. -S«n 'Baeaaveotnra.' Mon-
tmivo. Oxnafd. Barbank. Lo»
Angeles. 10-S0*»
8.00a Gllroy. Hollliser. CaitroTlUe. Del
• Moate. PaciSc Grove. Surf, Lomr
•; ■' ' poe ." 104O
8.00a *«b Jose. Tres PlBos.WatsonTtlie. # ' .
C»nltol.\. " S«nt» Cruz. Pacific •
'•• . . . Gre*e. Saltnaa. San Lnia ObUpo '
: -. and Prlnclpv W«y Stutibn*.' „: - 4.10b
10 20a-S»i> Jom and Way Stations......... 1.23s>
' 11 JC'ASan Joae and Way Siatima......^. 7.^50^
2 15p San Jote Way Suxtiuns ... '..-.'. 3 35*
' tjClPDel M.onte- Express— aanis Clara.
' E*& Jo««. W • t • o a t 1 1 1 e. Saou
.. ' ' Crux. Del Moate. Xoottrey,
'• ' . PaciflcGroYo. ..« ;., ". 12.15*
' 13-00 p Los Gates. -Wri/S t. Boulder Cre«k. . .
'. ■ ■ -Santa Cniz.-Tt* Santa Clara aad
■ . Narrow Gaaire .'.'. t1O-45»
. S-SOp Valencia St.. South San Francisco.
Burllajcaiae. Sin Jose. GUroy.
- Hollliter. Tre»Ptao«. ...;........ m"4S«
. 4-30p *an Jo*e and Way Stations .*.. tS.OO*
tSCOf SanU'C'.»r«, Sun Jo*«. Loa Gatoa,
and principal War Sutrooi (ex-
• . tVptjSundaf) .......", '9.00a
' 16 30p bapJosfanilPrlnctp^OVayStattOBs J9 40*
6 46pean*et Kj»tm« j -!:"t!-»o^<i. S.ia
Joie.Gllro*. Saltaaa, Paio Uobles.
tan Ln|» OuUpo. Santa Barbara. .-
Loa Angf !<■». Dtmlo;. Kl J'alo. . .
• St.Loni*. Sew Orlea»»,.Tf ewTork 910a
6w4Sp Pajaro, WataonTtlle. Caritota.
• Sant* Cruz. CaatrOTlUa. V*l
• Monte. Pacific Grove.... 10-38P
1S-1Sp *»* M»teb,Bere»ford.l«* !mont.Saa
••' - C'irloa. Fair DaXa...
MfBlcParS. Palo Alto tj5.'4<)*
8 30p Saa Jo*« au'l Way Stations. 638*
SCOpPalo Alto and Way Stations 1U 15*
I 11.3tit S^utb Saa 7ranct«<-o. MU'.brae. Bur
• l)B«»me. I saa Matea. SelmanL
Eau Carlo*.' Redwood. Fa!r Oak*.
Memo Park, nad t^aio Alto fS 45»
•TIXOPM^yaeld, Mouaiain View, bosay-
v •;«. Lawrence. Saau Clara, aal
Ban Jose ; S9.4Z»
A for Moruinc " Pfor Afternoon.
' llaadav exeepted 1 Snnday only
t. Satnrday only. * Moaday only
tbiwsa at all statloas on Sua4»y.
fejat^iffi5^v£i^^| To SAN RAFAEL*
|^^§^ ROSS VALLEY,
t^^g^^T^rj MILL VALLEY,
,^g|^^^| CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
r>v«rt from San Franclaco. daily, at 17:ue,
T-45 8:23, 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.: 1:45. J:13.
4*33.* 6:15. 3:30. S:SO. 7:13. 9:00 aad Jl:jj
Arrt-v* at S*b Francisco, dally, at t«:4u.
7:35 9:15. 8:5» 9:33. 1O:5O a. m.; 1:3d 3:ai.
4:2i 5:06. 5:42. e^2.' «:37. T:4O and U*:13
"tDaily except. Sunday.
For FalrfaiJ dally, at 7:45 a. m.: also Sat-
urdays at 3:13 p. m.. and dally except Satar-
I day and Sunday at 3:15 p. tr-
TtfROUGH TRAILS.
T-45 a. m. dally — Caxadero and way station*.
8:15 p. m.. Saturday* only — For Caxadaro,
* t »*:14 p." m.. daily. «xe«pt Saturday and !3ua-
day. for Tomale«. «tc .
TICKET OFFICE— «5O Market »t.
p FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market it.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
" tv. *"> fraaaueo | ' ' * r - *** "toady ~
tTk.JUy* Sa»Uy» dfffpfffi^ Snai*ri Tx. Btrt
Z ZZ 8:25a SiSSKaS l:3or *1O:5Oa
9:3Oa 9:5Oa \^^^*^jr 3:5 5 ? »f*5p
1:4 Sr" l':45r g = gi8t> "'^">
£atard»TJ 4:33p fctnrtaji 11:12?
»Tia Gr*Tirj Car Y "ft Taaalya to m JtZm
BCUT J 650 Makit ST^North Snore Railroad)
I linOS } and Sadsauto Fexxy, Foot MaxfeB Sc
WEEKLY CALL, ' f 1.00 PEBl YS4JS.
1112
mmo -OUR SHALL AD PATRONS THIS WEEK BEAUTIFUL
JOHJC. D. . SPRECKELS . .. : . Proprietor
; Address Ccni-nunlcatlpna to ; .. **\V
JOny McN'ArGHT '. .MaaAger
W.J. MARTTX. .:'. Business 3Ianager
•' . .' ' '.. TELEPHONE: *'.
Aek for THE CALL.. -The .Operator Will Coa-
nect You \Vlth the Department Y.oa WUn.
Publication Of Cce. ; . ": .-Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial -R^onu :....: : 217' to .221 -Stevenson et.-
Delivered, by Carriers. 20-'Ct».; Per- Week. 75
Ots. IVr'Month. Single- Copies" 5 Cti.
Terras by: Mail; Including Postage; <Ca»n.wltH
••••.-' : OrderJ.: '-. • ■'-' -._ '
•DAILY CALL ariciud. Sunday)/ 1. 7*»*':- -*?-Sx
DAILY' CALL <lnclud.:i?unday)..6. moe:.-. 4.00
DAILY CALL— :By. Single Month.......... «»£
SUNDAY CALL/1. Year;:..l.-.. V'.'.-.-'- • 2 -5*
UEEKLY CALU 1 Y*ar. . ...... .,.:..... 1-00
' roRPinv • -f Dally:. .VSS.SO P>r. Year. Extra.
f Sb^^ ifeunday. 4115 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. .: |vk>ekly. IXX) Per Year^ Extra
ALL POETMASTERS- ■ ARE- AUTHORIZED.
- 1-'''- '= TQ /RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. '•...'
: : - iaiispie Gopie* ' Will-; JJe : ' Forwarded.. Whea,':'-
■-■-•' - : ■•..;.:;-• ■■ '.; ■■,'■ v -Requested..'- ■-" •'.-' ".:".- "•■" ':' -
: : ,"'..iiail '■•BbBCribePB : •in-orderlnir.'.cbange' : .of *d-
dreaa .BhouSd -. be -particular to give • both ■ NKW ;
AND OW3 ADDRESS. ;in .'order- to: tnslir* . a
pnoinpt and correct '■ .ccn4pU*i)c»'.-»rl£b tn*lr :X»r
.cnejfc;-- >v\;--.>';.i;-; '.;■■' ..■"■■ r :-. : ;•■;'-. v v ?.-.>'-"
•»'.-;■ '.;■; •> • : ;. . 'OAKLAND OFFICB:: ';';. ; '<■££
BERB^ILEY OFFICE^ -
':. tt48o<^t«y:-«treet;v: i^> vlTeWpbone^^KorU'.'n.
'■■'.• : WAfiBUCOTON CQRRESPONtJENT' ■: '' .' .: : -'.
NEW TORIt NEWS' STANDS^
;:- -WiLia'crf •-Aitbrta-:: .«otel; >fr. ';{■ Brrttaaov .; 81
t-nfon S«uart;: Sfurray Hill Hoteli Fifth-avenue
<;Hp»sI \*b<3: H6.?rs4ii ■H'o.o.ee, ,-,;•-.■ -; ■'■'..-: r ' ..." ;..';.•: ;..■'. •;-'.;..
CHICAGO NEWS STANDSt ' • '
: •' thencan . Hotcie; . P;.~ K>. N-eW» CompaByi- Ojj***
Northern : Hotel ; Trerccftt ;H'OUse'i .Audltortuin
;-Wotd.;. Pateer ' House. .;';. <■■■_ ■-, ''•'-. •■;.'.'.-.:• ','.". ;.-,'. '-• ."' :.'■;
'-.-'■ : ') '■ ' CHICAGO, BEPnESENtTA^riyit; '.\ - ';• V- ■
.-<*! GECtRGE KltdCfNESS; '• 'Jiarqiieu*. Buihjta*;.'
;■■ ' JfLtng Dist.arice •T-e%>}>one.". i *CentT*l 2619; / " ;
... KEW YORK :R!"TRES.ESfT.ATIVE:..-.: -• ■ ■■
:CTE^H;E•X■■■te^•;S^■^■L:U■-;W■:■•«li»W.;.■Bul^M 1 |^■■
■■■■: : '-Sj-*V'frtRK.CpRREsWN'I)p^:- : ,;' /'•-
C.; <i r CABl>TON.\'.y .;: ,:,> : ;%vV.: ; Herald ;aqaar*.
fer. c IN'ESS OFFICE Jt»f -the- .'Sai^ranpisco.-'Cali-. ;
■ ccrn^r >farjif-t and Third FtreeXsi-Ppfn'. until
'.'.■■ J?."t'<4'ocli '..every '-'rHght-in :t r h.e: : >'ear,'.' v.---::-.:'.. :
:-"'-.;^ ;-' : .- : .:'v, ; '- : '. : BfeANpr<)'F.rj!C-E5r.'--:.-"::'.. ; -: 1 . Y::' : -'~:
vI^'^^rKet^'itreei^'-.opp^BttiBXSSK^/j^^'S*^":
'i : -'.--tI : - v»»'33». ": '-■.-•"" '" '.- ■ :: - : - '.'"'■: ". :'..'-- :::.:-' :;->'• ■■\',Jf' ■ : '-' : - '-
62Z ilontpomery -BtTfet, corner Clay :; open' until
'■■M-^iOp: TO ;: ■:■ ■': .:.]■:; • v : /.-'- ; v.^- ; ?:^:~ : '^-?>:'^ |4<"
SCO Ifky'r* :? trfet : cpefi until 0 :"30 P- PV • • > . ".
■fZ9 ■ .M-cA.rHsVet -striett ;■ open;. until :9 :30 -P< • n^:-'. v.
;'«i&' •-lArH'ir.'. 'sjw-eti'cjjeh urvta ; 8v36:p:; jtn^".:';'-; V-. :
3!>3T:.J31s.EJan'-Ftr<>«t;- fapen- untl) . lO.p. nu. '..; -.-"•;■ .' : '.
.;j<« K*ev>--' : h Ftree.-.-: open ulitil S p-.- m./ . . ' .. ■
i<>ur. .-'V-aier; ■•-ia-.-^tr**rr .'.open until .9 p.. m.' ' •_:'.-. "■
JC< rtttf -sft- .(^rr.pr'.CbjJrc'h ;»ua ; Duncan «reeu;
-. '•/■prn'.--iintil.'ii.':si."-". rax '"':■ '. '•.'-'■- : '?■■"■'■■:■' -.'-■, S-"r. =';■':■:
r2<*» FtSlr.iorp street: oren until- 0. p.. m.
ji:iitX}V LAI i ' n: ■ • t-i iw ' of Y.erba ■ ■ ijuena' '. \^ ■ '■
.'.'■'.•-Xioiiffii ■*> (. I Vr.Wi lyjn N &.: I;-. A/--, and ■ ;A.'.- '■■ • JT •-' .
■"; =, •? :>r.t ji>-h Ttrtt-: wf '.FirTeniaiBin'ry. ' wHl be -'." '../*- ■■_
.'.:'■ .4i<^-/.-fii'.-.'v-\'«i:-Vfia?i?r.i->' ; -'':fla'-'lv'' Masonic- laW*-'
■■Vftrt^^Vi.-vTltr^iluT'.WEN'ISG,': 1^'?
;-\';.;-l^.f^^'i;;^j;--:>'!to-.;--;'k't-',;-«\''o^l'^k^/-, : 'Deg^.-;-*.-^
.'■■■Vi-s-it-lnt v>r..ThrtTs invited,: v A •'■'.■• ■'■-•-
J1,;.M{\ JiUmtE'R,'" Secretary: /■
'SvTTir^'-'-N- ••rh.a'pi>r:- : .Xo":v7'»J' W->a'.'^.>" :; - »;' ' ■"
•-■j-V-^Va^ -■■itirctiTig. THIS .." iTHliiSDAYj; VVf • :
:'.}:V;;^:;^r ; '.M;:M;.'<le-./V\ ;
r'-'^rpe.:-. 'jjy:' ,.rjv»- -fif- t-he ; .Hv^P;'.- : ■■•••.•-' ■;..'■.'•;■ .''■
.'".-. ;:v ';•'. "-(-.. : {jHliX .;:n;i.; it'LL'51-A.N*; ;. : Secretary ; . . .
t\AI-viF<T>iJ5JI:A- •'•ii>d'^..'No7 : :'.K'i.K^ -indVA.' .;'. 'ft-, : '."-. : '
: ." : -M'.-,-- irr ..- 'tti«,r -. rni?- vtilutoDAY)- VV*--'
j:/i:XlNr,. I^ceo:^r/I, at 7:30 /\f\
"•/■©':c'y>Jt;-'.:^ta*'ed ynefpting^/Eiectioti. txt •-'..■; =_-.•:'
•of officers: -.FT. AN KLIN H. DAY. Sec'.
■FltiliOT^Y. : '.Lbdi«s'. ; "S".<5.'; :i"2QK'r- Vinff -;X.V---'* --' ':- .
-'. ■M'.^-.Ar''r.;j{-;i: nr.'i f=-.'a*o.i'-n-u i ''.trjig'TH'iS'.'V\f :
;.o+^t^^Ay|::vi : :v>:xJNO i : ;;ei ; :;.:7 : :.sa;/>jr\..
■''-'■■■fi'jeici:^-. :.'i;ier-Ti(5n-' .^6f- : :.cfficeri».-:...-.. : By. :^\ : ' '■',-.
."!>.: <wJer-':«l •:the-.Ay-,:.2ii.' ; : •"■."•■:.■■*- ■■'■. '.■■■', :•'.{■ ■ y' ■:.■■■.
■;: : ■■:■■• .;■;./ "•■:;'rfi.E^.i^i^;.:aAjteTj>:BeciKta'rj..-' : -.;
; PACIFIC .iJ?«C:«i, ; No: '136;; V; ; :. .«' •■>'
:- '^srill rr.fki "■ • T«.-j>-A;Yj.-VaV'.-W-^Q;v »:-.:. m'.:; \fy'-'' :
:':; ' t.e>-'.attend'; tK«' ' -f un'efraT-'-'-Wv.ipup ; i.latt -/VN'-'
■■ ytbsmitit-r;. -..AVJliitAM '-S.' P£R&J?.'S;: : 'of •-.::.' -;.~-.'
■ •rjIrlh-ifM^vh :^ : &i-,-..'.eo].faJt:'..'; f!uneriJ v" - : ;_ .
«;-'■■ ■eoxiM)i'-:^.F:^rr; r inA-ijedV. ■'.-".".-. '.. : .''.-- '-.': .'-..'. .'-*■
■ -i-J~: ■/:'. - : Q Ek >&<?£. : i^Bfi LINQTO.y >- : S^faretaiy; -' .
• ; -:c2i2.: r.-'-Rh4: ; A.''.M-.,'..-:me.>t«;' THl'SS-VSf. •
; l !^■•^ ..irx'fe^i^.G'.V'at: ':■■ 8 -/VS."
■ ; •■o'xioc'yi:. y Xr&ual ,rnje?ting.an"d : '.'elecrieh * • ■ • '-. :
; T f«f':Vo-rficeji;-.'.'-B'y:;«'rd'p'r 1 .-' - •-• '-■■'.'■:' ';•'-.. '■•..- '.. ■"• : '
:^;;;%;^;^:-?O^>LlAM.-3I;b<^ALP ; -.W..- M-.'-'
tioti:ic.">^ai^ .-ic6';.:-2i'«/ :f".-':'an a .Ai v M.r4- •■■s»^- '■■■".-
: • ; Ht»'**-S '^n^tTp.* and -efe'ctloTT -of-bfrlcfrs- SrV'
;• :,' Tlfl^ :.( TH V'P.H I7A V-> vEVtNINO-.-. 7-i30--^^'.
:. .'oVlUk./J.^^'fler ->,f' th^' Waiter- -• ■■'■■.■ .'". i ■ ■'■ '
• •.'.-: - : .: .;.;■:;-. ■.•"••;. i;'..itj"'aojii>Slf ITII,- Sepreta-ry.;-.'. :
■ fTAiiR : Kiii^ : i^^/^o:^»-. ■■FV.ana'-:':' 'j5' : -^:- ;
■--■■- :A:V< II-V CK'K .UeVi*a3f.tt> '•-■st^An-nuijl -i^fx-'
.'. ■'.itt^t.ii.'TOfV-xVrx/.-.tHll' ■.•TH.Ulj^DkY.J'/VN' •
• EVj:^K«;'-«t':7:- > 0:«:.r!w-k.; ':'■ :'/ ■... : : ? s- ■}■:■■'; --J
u **. wniftHT.vsppretarr:;.;:.-
' ti; : i:ha '■•■ •'i'>.i'-:i-:'S'A'.i'-^'»»-'Xo;"ii5;\jt'.'v.^i—^[ \'.
•:..',' ; o,v:'. '.<?■ :**:.--El<;rt!.>n-- of. Wtlcfiti
-:-,7Ti> ; js: ;, Ti J t-'lV^A'Y)'- 'P VCNiXGV'SKiSBfc -
■ :' '..'l-xitYifititr M- - Ily." fS^r- -\ "■■■■ ■=:■:•' .■^Rfttr?5 s v -
■•-•:•:•:■ -y.-:: ST.Cl'HKXiHECK.*'. Xoble -'Grand-.- ""
. o;;:C^-..vnLJ> : .AV \VlSE\V.KLL;.rieo.-'Sec,y .-; ;■:
. : .pA crrife'- 'i>v;b^ .' i N^. •' n 55.:' j .. '..<3.. : ' .^x^:
"■'. K*X-\:F: : -- *■:■>■«••"! v*i- <if -b'fScf'FS' ..TIIIS'«SRa68Bi.'-l
•:": itfufij+y-iYY-xiKi!?:-- : >} :'■':- :.?s^jBBSSO-:
:■■: -:-:[:■[ J : Si'MJ^Kj >;^1U^ rirpn*- • ■ ' -^W^X'-^'y. ' .?
•■-•.: ; ;■ VjjrA';i'''L>:»-.U.';iK'L'Tj'-»N.-.Re ; c':€tee; *.:'.:; "■_ /;•
,Cit&T^AN;:iJcr.eV-eiif.r;t^.fi
; ■-!,-. >v, i:i--'-Mi-'.-?.ff : !i'. •rtn.^TH.i^RK^ ''"l3Si : ■
V.- : l?AV'\'.Ky : i:Nl ; N;'.;;'.j »e^; :.v; '^^':'wfSfk-'-
.'•; /.•fe.-F.rat>'r^i'iy:ytcM,: : :32/O' : Fa.i^ir.T.t- -jScT-
-"■■ : -A 11: '.iv^jpi-f-fi- ,-in3 ' uierhtif fii ..rf.quysi-e'jH .'-. r\Stf* ";r
.'• : : ii...:'r.e- ;v" 1 ;-' > -i'-' ,N'Krnrnatfc3n../)fv <STfi-\'- .-vSS? ■' './.-.
' '■': cerei.---.' : J-Hnc.> for ' ''rK'ih-a'trf* nd* scei' '■'■ '■'.'.' '--\?; r ~- ■-
■V.!>Vf:;vV->'^
■;.- : ;; : .M/^i^Tj! : R::;t : f'/ : 'r*t,srry,.-:;:- •'.-;.■.• •.•;'.. : : ■: . :' : /_.y
■-;JSlEM'it.Su's: .' hi "tjfie ;' 'San; T^aWisdo -\-' : C?<; :'
■-:■' fe««.W,'.T^r^tf^ i ''ClW-a«*^WJ!5^- ;^' : Mi&S : -
• 'lie -.-lit- F.^^:-ihi^:.''f«"i^il. r -rt:-.'*--'ur'Oiato.\-VV'^ti;i^-" !
'■';-■ U'4aV.Vma^. : 'rx-.H^yJuV '.^hi'cf ■■'■: JOttN ::'-,V£Cv
' -'r-'H; : : -5!t'iN-N':V-S', Tr^rtj' ■.<-'ra'iK..'.('-of-ftFan" /t CSS*
'•■■.. V-'|>irK-i-?,- tr&*. ave.-:.-; : :-'Tttt?HSr : ;
:-.- ■' I iX -Y . • 1 *>■ rcz-rXi-r 1 v '. *<;rv :i'cs-' .tommenicipg .'at ■'
■ -.''viB .gift'. aV;»iS.---- : -'-''-.-'':''',":.'-'^''- "-■■' : '- ::: -'^' ;:^^''::>^ : <^
■:i-'. : :':-lcit r .'--U' -.:?:■' "V.'--.rATT^ft?(>N-. : .Roj-ai' Chiif.' ■ • -
. ■ - A. n. CA»MrLU. Ri>cor^er; ,'..,;... '. -. .
yai>--i;a.;tfc ; rcfi:l''.< U^. Cbiifiri>s.fibn : .^ .'ftavlii^rt.-'
'<"■■ •cjfj'y'«!j-.'ii'i ti'.;.'--'.t!('.jir; td.-.:h-lh« : ;ijy .-:iiy/lrau.Hc'
.-' .•■jip(k-<-55 "tp.i-.i .'.K'^h' 'r; Ja-C-kWiff ./arM'-'j.-onn -SC'V
•:' .'jickf.-n.: ih vpnJwa- n^i.r Placer Wine; '-near
■ .. N<*»' 'iloiia'n'k;. I-'lunjas ; Count'}-;-. Cai> ' '(Ini-in-
■'■;■ ir«. "lnlfj f : «-!iihurJ('rf?»k.'- whip*'- re*ph«i : Mid-;'
'•' -<lJe';."%irk':->"*athet-".**:ii;V!r'.; : froin. Bhajs^a ■■Coun-
• '-.ty -<Juartz -arid'-PV^crr ..-Vlining -Co'.; '•'ih-..srur i
*. " d>fr:'.s'. ' -Oul.c}}- Min>;, rioa'r-'..5tella.;; Shasta
. • ' Cmir-ty; . '.Cal.. . draining' ; Into , Clear 'CreeJC.
' . whir-h • reachT-i 'Kacrarnento- Rfver.'-afld' from-
■ \Vililarn •-'Nkbar'Ja'.Jr.'.- in Durjea. .Placer
■ Minp. n«ar '.Itpa F>og. Nevaaa.'CqUnty. CaJ..
■ <!rainin~ .'. ; into>." Greeiihorn' -'-.Creek;'-; which'
'■; •' r^aeht*'. Bear • River,' 'gives., notice . that ' a'-
' rneeting ■ ti> receive^ any. protests ..will be..h'e]d
st-'room C*t . F*3oo<l l>uii<iirig..'San' Francisco,-
O«l..;i)er. J2..'VW.. at 1:30 p. pi. -. .' . '.."
'■'■ "■ : ' : \l Ka^T r^'^^^' J l^ ' ' '
FIRST-CLASS 'agents wanted: .'will, make f25
to ?.%0.a day. Call :at. 212 ParnHt "building.
' . A-PTOXtgEY3-AT-IA-Br. ■ . -".
•A : FRAUDULENT' divorce Is dear at $12 and
IU no goodVior 22 "years I've made dlvorceJ
• tpeclalty; quick-: quiet; no money needed;
ro pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
relia-ble; lowest fees; art vice free; collections
rrade G. VT.. HOVVE. 1122 Market «t.
. W. tflNG. Atforriey-at-law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 28
yrars: ail courts, .general court and office
practice;, no fees in advance or for conaulta-.
tlcn; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
A— Divorce; costs $12; qulck.qu]et;advlce free;
(Jl lew business: no charge unless success-
ful; open evenings. 027 Market et., room 30L
3JCSULTATION free, private, confidential:
ijosinrKE l^srailv. promptlv and
ratisacted. W. Matthews, C32 Market, rcom 23.
DVlCE free: 'divorce costs $12; no fees or
coEts in advance; all law business; offic*
open Saturday, evenings. 819 Market at., r. 33.
'V. 6. CLARK. 827 Market, room 3Ot: consulta-
tion free: no fees In advance; open evenings.
DI NOLA'E Asthma Remedy relieves tnxtantly;
10c. 25c, COc. 1C02 Market, St. Nicholas;
' IU o tV'.thart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
Cl-EDIT CLOTEIEKS.
C. P.- ADAMS CO . 318 Mason «t^-Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from ua and have It charged.
rji i
ciiOTHnrg nsyovATuro.
BUTTB cleaned and pressed. -$1; ecouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Druaim 44. Call for and deliver free.
BTOPTESja^CltlAyCES. J
A— f 2900; CORNER grocery and bar on'Va- !
lencla »t.; lease; old established and good
paying business; Investigate; a rare chance.
Bee R. G.' WILKE. 2tf% Kearny st. ■
A — $500; BRANCH baker}- and delicatessen
store, with 3 nicely furnished rooms; rent
$15; 'a good paying business. .See R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
•A— $1200; ROADHOUSEv .living rooms; rent
$16; no opposition; very best location; about
8 miles from city. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny *t. ■:• '.*?*- -.■■■ -".
A— $C0O; ROADHOUSE; 5 years' lease; rent
$20- best location on Colma road. See R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny Bt.
A-*-$8500; HARDWARE store, comer; ranges,
• household suppljes, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
- etc.; 4 years' leaee; location the very best;
"• value in sight; owner to retire »o private
life; a splendid chance. Call R- *G. WILKE.
2CV4 .Kearny st.
A^-$1500; GROCERY and bar. with 21 furnished
• rooms; 2 blocks south-of CaM .building; rent
' $71- kept by. present owner 10 years; a good
.-* business.- -CaU R. .G. WILKK, 2CH. Kearny.
A — $3250; HALF interest In manufacturing
businees; established many years and doing a «
fii'kt-claes paying business; stock and ma-
. chlnery witn Invoice; .the price a .rare and
.;• good latter. Call on R. G.- WILKE. 26**
- " }>.earny •■st; ' • ■ *. •
A^-$2206- itESTACRANT and- coff»e saloon
• .'in -Stockton*. -rent $535-' the leading place of
■•■•ltB'klna In -Stockton; all -J>artlculars. R. G.
. ;,W.iLkE, v .2g^': Kearny :gt.. . .. -. ' -.-
■•A'^-tPCiQ'r --BAKERY, "with '3". living rooms and
■kitchen; -rent' $20-; :.aii '..store .trade! ; cash re-
about $1« 'per. 4ay. Partlcylars R.' G.
v;wiLtCE;;;ggH:Ketu-ny-^t:.;>;- ',> *■' :. - :
A— $2350;.' COAL, -Joo^.-'hay" «ndgfaln- busi-
- nes*'-. '3 -horses,-. net-, rent .$34;
' -place. estabUehed .y*ar»:::Ve;ry-. ; best, loca-
:•' : tt<»n;>.'a:) gbod^-cash-.'bustness... V'See: R. . Q-'
. \WILKE,^.2^^Cea.rny:st^;; ;'• ■; •"•'.•- -. ;
■ A— $900-. BVTCi-iER'-shop- a-nd- VeVetable. .mar-
:■ ket- iwj vPblk -st.:;-.'lease^' living. jbomsV owner
-must lea-Ve .for "Europe.' to .settle estate;- -a
; -rareyc'r^rice^^RxGt-WlLfeE,:^*^ Kearny st.
•■■X^Sbo'.:'' : *C6B^*-Eifl-^Bal9Qn\''4'iB -Iwholesale. dla-
'' : • ■ -tr^ctr"' isis- •nigitv.br.'. Sunday •; WQiflt; -"saloon es-
• tab : 20- yeats' aijd '.know-n'as- -a go.od.";busi-
;; ';n'e8.s,';:S^.-g, : O.::A'nIL:K.E:;'-26i^;Kearny- st:
A^$20Q0} CORNliFt .'. saloon, -with lease,, in
•wh'oresaieVdlfe'trict ; '•* good^uslrie^s; k)wner to
: •'leate •th*;'tjl£y-'caus« '6f:.sale'; 'a .rare -chance.
• . /R. '<3yi W.iL'Kg,; 2QVa ..'Kearriy ■ fet.'.- .' . '' . ..
X-riwoOr CX0AR- stand" on.-. Marker st,".;.vlttln-
. ify-.|»pweH;i!t_:; mi*st. be
v field' JaV'"o'nce-;- : owner '.to. '.leave- city" .for -.the
v jl^*t."..Sec'R..;G < -WILK)g..;26^..Kearny Bt: ,
X'-^$^50V CORNER.- grocery ahd'-.bar; 5 years'
- iease^feht^iO; :.s't.ori? doihs a large.cash : bual.
.'ness-: location . can'-t-be beatj value, in sight.
VJSee^R. JG; ,\fILKE; 2Cft; Kfeaffay. st.' - . '
A^$55iD<r: SALOON r about 1 block' from.Phelan
■.■'•'buflding; : '»:ef- : rent-$lS5v Tease.: stock will in-
., vcice. Vabo'ut. -JW^QO'^ a. good .paying, place; in r
.'vestteate^at' once; .rare ..chance. • R.' G.
'.■^WILKg.--; 2<5ft ;g.earny : st.V- . ." : : V. " ...' • ■''
■ A4^2C0fe:-^COFF-EJE:"' ralbftn. '.and ; ' Restaurant ;' 1
••': block from-. Examiner building; place estab-.
. lish.ed :-year>;' .' doing. '»'• tirst-clas« • business;
: "aboui"-$70~-per : day-: .-particulars- .s^e -R. G.
" v W I Lli E£ ;-2n'^' ; KearDy ft: - -. - -.-■■'■'■ .-'•,*_ "• • - '
A^-${»W>; :cbKNERV!5aioon,".: with cigar stand.
- -"on'Ebu'r-th' : s.t. ;-.Iivfng-. : rbohis; ; ,rent $3Q;-'.leas.e;
-a :-jgoJid' : 'i)«y.irig' r '■ place;; "bargain.' -..See R. G.
; . -TV I L' KE,- --20 Vi jKe-jfoy.'a* ..'■-;••;'■.••*•• '.
A--41500 • •'" •OLb-iS.TABtrs.HED.. ..commission
'■ store; • dairy' "produce, etc.; must be\ sold at
•: pne-e' tin- a'cepunt .of death: very rare chance..
' --as. bu«lneiss is inownfof 28 ye.ars -as a good
■ , r.rilabie hbase.-.R. G.'. WILjKg. 26*4 Kearny.
AC^$4000;' CORNER grocery and bar: few blocks
- south 'fl'f Market ->t.; n<?t rent $90;' lease 4
i years* Average monthly receipts -.51100; value-
: la' sight. -See- R.' G.- WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
.A-=-i265rtr HOTEL of 3O.r6pm's; rent $100; lease*
•.'wTjhlflrst-'cUfcs jay-ing, -sjiloori in roanufactur.
' •Iris.'t.own.'acr'oss the bay:.a-g:o<".d paying busi-
- "; n*«s. •': See | R; -Cr,. "VYILKE.- 26*4- Kearnj' Et. *
• A^$7-50 ; DE LIC ATKSS EN . branch bakery -and
■' fanrv- grocery; 4 ■•nice living foojns;- rent $25;
' daily receipts about- $2l);'-"beet" location north
; ; :.pf-'Mark.e»: Cajl R'.'G.AyrLKE. 26*^ . Kearny..
. AVr$350d'; CORNER 'grocery* and- bar on Fulton.
: st-.' ; 'rent".$60:". living re«mar stock will * ln-
'•'-'volc*' eb.iot-. $2800-.' a* well •' established and
■';- : flrM-c"lasri - - paying "" businese.". See. R. -"G.
..- ; Kearny et.. .'"
.' fVa. brookbank. • 7 ~ r^~- ~*~. ~
.--•.-■ •. • - ' ' *. BUSINESS AGENT;
■:"'•• ; Oi7'M;arket«t;', 'bet. Fifth, and Sixth.
-.•'.•..••"■... Phone. Folsom 1S46. '..* -, '
• : $i5tf^PAllTNE'R for. well-paying - restaurant ; -
.--. wlir.^lear you. $75- -mo.-. See BROOKDANK.
:.\V*B'have.'a client' who- .is desiroue of assoclat-
• : i-ng" .with -a 'reliable and Industrious person
' •-.■jady-jor 'gentleman) who .-can invest $350 and
•'•-Bervlceii,. ana to' -same will be offered .-an in-
•'.•"terest in business Wearing from $150' to $300
.-'fhonfhly: references exchanged. . Particular 1 ?'
' ;."*Jth;' BROOKBANK. •
'^AU/NiyiRY- route; established 14 years; guar-
> -aTiteed to' cl'far $10<5 and over monthly and
■■"'yiqu can verify this by . looking over thft
'.'• books, of cne 'of -the best laundries in city-
••' ".-whq"does " his 'work; price $500; owner . leav-
-.-ing -rity. -'causes this sacrifice; trial given.
j';4gee; :i3RQ0KBANK.,- V -
-RESTAt.'RANT— Al location; seats 64; new'. 6.'
i 'i<obt' rah«ls| large kitchen; ?• living rooms
:/ 'Connected;— rtnt -S.22- 50; worth $500r price
:/::*&»>."■■> See'.BROOkBANK. .- . •' -••.••
?40(Vr T eiG : A"R store and" -billiard room; good
-■ isttick,-. -fixtures and trade; promrnent loca-
•••■' tlon ;• see. this. MAKIN INVESTMENT CO.,
/. 235 'Kearny.' .st. ' * ' ■
$l5ftO^--c6RXER grocery and bar.- MARIN IN"-
• 'VESTMENT -CO.. 235 Kearny -eti * '.'
"$3W0V-'FJBSTVCLASS rooming-house of forty
'. rooms-.- gqod • location arid -trade ; -.chance s<>1-
• -."flo-tn- offered-. * MARIN" INVESTMENT ' CO.-.
.. r235." >Cearny -st. * - - _..*•.* -
$400^ PARTNER, wanted;" contracting and Job'-
•- •b'ing.-bus'lne'es; "clears '$150' monthly; duties.
■ ?;ilght.--- MARIN .'.INVESTMENT. CO.. 2^5
'-*. -'Kea'rny. *»t- ;- :■ .**. *. * . •* ■
•WANT.EP-^Bu'»lness"op.portunitle9;'.quk;k sales,-
: ' re'as.inabie'.: commissions. -MARIN IN.VEST-
■ ;MENT.!W...-.23.V. -Kcarny St. .
: : ; ■'-. '■■ ' ■ '■■■' '.■ '■■■:■.' : -Norton & co.. ■ •■-■;. — .-
:' ->'■ i; :. LEADlVP' BUSINESS- AGENTS, ' ' '
■-',.--■■■ -UM 1 . Mart et-jEt. -phone Jewie 4471.
.:••:.'• v gJT^r- the -Following Haf gains. -. •
'liETAli.' ca'ridy '-and' ice cream parlors; nk;e]y
•-'.riued'-'iup^.-U'asc.;" clears $150 monthly.; if you
■'•" •jvarr.i- 'a.' " goed propQ£itibn eee .'.this- quick.
•'.■. NORTON/ z, C-O. ..*.'-.
GliOCEf.Y'.'&'.'bar;,.- N/.of Market; -.fine .corner;
'.-Viswncr-gpinjf .-Easf "-.want- <rfter. Ndrton & Co-
:GRQCEI?X. : . dqlicat'essipn, home bakery/cigars.
"/-tyba'ocq;. - : goQd- location; oji Sixth Bt.; good
. : .tr'-»dr;' jcheap rent 1 ; price $70Q. * Norton ■& Co.
: : -$"yroi^4 > ARTJCER;-' chance -for right man. .; ■'.'•'
■ -. Grocery; 'will' se.ll at Invoice price. .
•' Salborxs' and restauranti- at all prices.
' -. ' ' EERO & POPP'. 31S Kearny St.
$'50(M^PAnTN'ER: chance to make big money.
.IilCRG-'&.POPP. 318 Kearny St.* .
{"KK)— PARTNER : chance for right* man.
•Grocery; .will rell'at invoice price.
'Saloons and 'restaurants at all prices.
- : ' : IiERQ & POPP. 31.8 Kearny »t.
■SOMETHING. doing — Rpmething doing.
..Look at, the bargains and catch one.
Saloon, elegantly fitted up; a snap. .. .$1250
'. .4=m^ll # grocery and branch bakery, cheap.$300
. Notion Btore; good street; a bargain $275
.' 24-rbom lodging-house, $100 over exp..$1800
; C-.rpom lodging-house; $18 over expenses. .$250
. Union . Business Exchange, 993 Market st. ;
..phone Folsom 3022. •
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wish to buy or sell property of any de- '
• ecrlptlon do not fail to call- upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy- or a pur-
chaser for what you want to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.',
1312 Market st..
Rooms 418-410. .Telephone Folsom 3468.
FOR sale on account of ill health, business of
manufacturing patent medicines, extracts,
etc.. with formulas; located In one of the
largest and best cities in California; price
$4ou0; one-half cash, balance to be paid out
-.of sroceeds of business. Address 8. C. S
box 620, Sacramento. Cal. "'
GOOD opportunity — Fine stationery business-
average sales over $2000 -per mo.; will sell
for invoice price of stock; no competition-
j located In the only cash town in California
j HAMILTON & KENDRICK, Petaluma. '
HARDWARE- store. Invoice $5250: best town
this State; good paying business; large at-
tractive, up-to-date store: exceptional- offer;
ill health; no agents. Address box 28. "Oro-
ville, Cal. • i
STEADY man wanted as partner in cash busi-
ness to do plain light work; sure profit of
$75 to each per month; capital requLcd. $175
632 Market et.. room 6. . . -
FOR tsale — Butcher shop in live country town
Apply to JOSEPH WILSON JR., 823 Georgia
N et.. ValleJo. Cal. :,*■ * "
FOR sale— $2000; lrvery stable/ opposite depot;
good busineea stand. Inquire at LandgrafTs
Villa. Mill Valley, Marin Co.. Cal.
CORNER grocery and liquor, store; best loca-
' tlon; * no - opposition; 'cheap. 1690 Poet 1 st. '
TO sell— News stand • in . Rial to . building, ■ cor-
ner 'Mission "and "New. Montgomery sts. • ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO i GALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1,. 1904
a^^yJB-jT SniciII Ad Patrons •. .
: ■ .■ - — — lL , _ . — — : — , h ■' ■
...A Beautiful and Useful Article for the Horn?.,,
- •■■' '•" ■•■■■••■ - - ' .■■■ . - - : --.-"'. .'• ■'■ '■ ••' :
■: .; .; ' > - ■• «_. . . ; .: -. ■ .
.■'..- ': { . . • We have secured from one of
".'." '"V..-V • .-. . : '' : : :'•-■•. -v.-- ■■ : ' :]'c: • - OAKLAND OFFICE— 1Q 16
■BUStlTESS' CHASCES — Contlnaed. ■
A— CAM EKON & CO.- • ' . Phone South 1050.
3 .F.ddy »t., cor. Market and Powejl.
Headquarters for all. kinds of business chances.
FOR sale-^-First-da'ss bazaar; located in thriv-
ing location, city-: flne -plate-glass windows:
store natures; large stock;, long lease: cheap
rent* dolne soo<l - business: clearing $loO to
$200 per montR; trial given; established 11
..yfa-rs; -qrie of Tjei-f propositions in city; alck-
nfss; &n',np; .price $3500 % -'■'*'. . '
FOR 'Bale— Delicatessen 'and branch bakery;
flre corner. new-..bulldtng and fixtures : .rent
only- $3*>.50; -sales $35 to $50 per '.day: long
lea*e; fir.e oppoctunity- to. get good .business
• -for yfcSO". • .*'••.- '
EXCHANGES made in all kkuis of real estate.
• rocm ing -house and' business .chances. . CAM-
. E.RON.g CO.,'3.;Ed'dy st. . '
FCfK sale— bne of * the- best Hay,, grain, feed,
• wood roai, lime- and cement business&s in S. -.
F. /.chciip rent; horses-and. wagons, all Equip-
ments; present ■ has made a fortune
apd Warns to retire: Ru.arant^ed to ■ clear
from SSCO to- $«f!O pfer montji: trial glvrtn If
.- •des'.ritd; part Oown. CAMERON & CO..
FOR saler-Flne little .1-raom cottage and barn;
lot ' 30x137 feet; all furiiiahed ;• horse . and
buggy;, fine 'wel>;.' 15 minutes' walk, from df-
' ppt: i brocks- from electric cars; snap; $1000.
• CAMERON. & CO., 3 'Eddy. St. • * ■'■• ' . .
FO"r .«ale — Well-furnished and equipped coun-
• try hotel; 5'J rooms; rent -only $150; 10-year
••lease; newly palnt'ed and renovated through-
out; about 50* mi'les from *S. -F. ; fln«, grow--
• ing town: nreserit owiier made fortune and
wants t 1 ? retire. -.CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Several good business •prdpositioHS
for 'investors, such ars.* clear stores, groceries'
■ and ljars. 'bakerle*-. furnishing goods, • mer-
chndlFe'. couiity hotels,' resiaurants and many
cither proposition? too 'numerous t.o mention;
. wo'uld be pleased to have you call and inspect
our list. . CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. .
•FOR sale— Old established clothing business in
on* of the most progressive towns in South--
• ern California. For fuH particulars "cadi at
•818 From. et.. room 4, '0 to 11 a, -m.
GOOD business proposition -'Income $50 to $100
per wtek; smarll ca'pltal. 20 O'Farrell, r. 1. .
•CIGAR stand for sale, cheap; near glass works.
1S0O Folsom st.. . .
$ 1200— FO R sale; sod^waTe7«~b^ttUnT~piant!
Address 820 Wood St., Oakland, Cal.
EX-PRESS route for sale; value In sight*, Ad-
dress box 1820, Call office.
$600— DELJCATESSEN store In Hayes Valley,
for sale. Box 4607. Ca.U office.
DELICATESSEN for sale; good trade; tn good
business locality? price |1250. Box 470C, Call.
FOR eale — Half -Interest in good restaurant;
best location; bargain. 1727 Market st.'.
ROUTE 12. San .Francisco Call, for, sale.' Ap-
ply. Ean Francisco Call ofnee.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly "Call.
16 psges. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
JCAUVT'T^ B^AJITOQ^inP^MA]^^^
COMPRESSED Air and t Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on' floor without removal:
carpets and rues also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S.- F._ Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 .Macket, St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
•WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send ■ for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 3T.5-257 Tehama st. Tel.; South 40.
WESTERN Carpft Cleaning Works,: 1809 Har-
rlson St.: Al cleaning, 3c. FRED." HAGE-
DORN & CO. ; phone Mission 225.
■ • • ' • *
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-claas
carpet cleaning, 3c yard-. ■ Tel. Mission 74.,
ADVANCE Carpft Cleaning Co:. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. J Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.,- Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works ; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission .263."
COI.I.ECTION OPriCES. - /
BAD tenants ejected: for $4; collections -made:
city or: countrv. Pacific Collection i Co.,' 415
Montgomery. St.. rooms. 0-10. Tel. Main -. 5580.
DIVU>El*fP NOTICES. ' y
DIVIDEND ':. Notice — The :. Giant Powder !i Com-
pany, , Con. : i. A' dividend. No.- 72, ; of -;flfty '
' cents (5Cc) ' per : share • on . the Issued capital'
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, - rooms 202
204 and 200i Haywardr building, San.Fran-
, Cisco, on: December 1O..19O4.- Transfer books-
close December 3, 1004, atnoon.^--. . " ,--
C. C. QUINN. Secretary
XOSGXNG-SOT7SS5 *£*OS SAUB.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone SoulK lOhol'
•3 Eddy St., cor. Market .and Powell.
Headquarters fur Rooming-Houses; Hotels and
' All Kinds Business Chapcee. ■ • •• .
. WV have a 9-room flat, new modern build-'
Ing sumptuously", furnished; .carpets cost *$*{ 50
per" yard; beds cost $1<X| 0ac"h; hair mattresscs-j
cost $35 each;' new a months; .actual cost to
furnish, {SOW; njust ' go * East and will take"
?27W;. % cash, balance U per cent per annum; I
everything -ready to : step right hrto an ele- 1
lant home:.' ' . ' j
An up-to-date' dowmown house; rent only I
55- 50 per room; all light 'and sunny rooms; |
electric lights and elevator? has 1CS rooms, .
weir furnished- throughout; .-now . clearing
■ 5360 to $450 per month; m.ake offer; ow-ner
' must leave; city; only with, us. . . •
16' rooms; rent $'65;--gvOd furniture and car--
■pets; always full; -must sell within next t-n'
days; leaving city; make offer. ■ j
What, .do you think! 31. room * apartment- |.
'house; rent only -$1.30; w he. re you. can clear :'
••$'46 tier- month; no-'work; this. you..oan get |
' for $110(^; wile at hospital. ' ,, .
Vine' little house of 22 rooms'; rent only. $110;-
■ ■well furnisned,- mostly all new carpets'; good
" location; .al way? lull; good buy; $1300.
• Have new, modern 82-roo'm houee; rent $3T5;
•■ : electi-ic lights; elevator; corner: everythfng-
up-to-date; • owner will exchange' for im-
proved property .neighborhood San Jose;'
value $7000 to $10,000. . • '
tf- room flat; rent onry $-50; w.ater free; pak
-. furniture;- good carpets; must sell; -price $4001
Model apartment house, 2 and 3 rooms each;
. rent is--choap; -elegantly furnished; 0-year
! - * lease; there- are 90' rooms; everything new
■ and modern; you* can get bargain account of
sickness. - . • •■-/ • .
i 7-room modern flat; close' In; .well- furnished;
cost $600;. a bargain If sold at once; $250. •
65 rooms:, best downtown commercial house, in
city; -clearing now $.100 per month: every-
. thlpg first-class condition; will trade for
.. Oakland. Alameda. or Berkeley property" or
rancli in California; must leave city.
4*5 rooms;, rent only $125; flrst-class location;
: well furnished and . good running order;
clearing now over. $200 per month; always
* furt; • best buy In: city; account of sick-
ness; .price $4500.
Splendid 42-room apartment house on flne cor-
ner; rent only $3 75 per room; 5 years' lease;
clearing nice little income'; will take 15 to 20
room house .;«; part payro.ent. ' . . '
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms in flne
..block on Post st.; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern, throughout; brings in
nice Income; furniture In oak, birdseye
• maple; velvet and- : axmineter carpets; cost
$1800 to furnish -six months ago;, c bilged to
leave "city; big bargain; ?1200. .'
21 rooms; jcheap rent:- very central:. good fur-
niture and carpets; clears, $10Q' per month;
must leave city; make Ian offer. -,,. .
180 -rooms: grand, new, modern ■ apartment-
: house; elegantly ■ furnished and : equipped ;
. cheap ,' rent ; flne : lease; -paying : $500 to $600
'per month; close in; full of: nice people;, bar-
. gain if taken at once; dissolution of part-
' nc.rshlp. , . :
Big bargain ' for some , one ; 6-room flat ele-
gantly furnished 6 moLths ago by'»Sloane at
coet of over $i>00; rent on.ly $25 per month;
flne location; biggeFt snap on market; only
$400. . - ; . ;-;.: f y
15 rooms:, rent only $70; water free'; all oak
.furniture:. carpets new .last June; clears $75
per month ; first ' class ' and i full of roomers;
.- $11CO. takes it.- .
128 rooms;' cheap rent; long> lease; first-claas,
j. up-to-date downtown house;' well furnished: 1
■^■clearing: $500 to' $000 per month; must 'sell
on account of other, business;- only with us. I
Have, a little 14_room -boarding-house, on
■ Geary ;» nicely i equipped . throughout: all full
•■ and clearing nice income;, price $2000.
60' rooms; ; new, modern building; <-; elegantly
furnished; closeln; full of. first-class people; I
- clearing a -.handsome profit;, fine opportunity I
, to get an up-to-date house reasonable; eicjt-
r ■ ness. • . ■. -. ■■ • - . ..■ , . ., -., .' ,.-■;.
We ; have a ■ number of ■ special , bargains in flats
>. of : 6 to 10 rooms,"- new ■ and '-, modern ; can ; be
vf: had' for less than, half cost 'to furnish; must
be , Bold ; . either -' account ' of "■ sickness or de-
parture. '•'SjiSfiaeMSSfiSBKfBSBBl
Large list of . real estate." rooming-houses ; and
■■ . business - for ■ exchange, or trade "always 'on
| hand."« , . * . :- .v; -, • CAMERON," 3 Eddy st.
. KOTELS. ;.; . '
FOB SALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN, * - .
. 406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance
' cof ner Third and Market 'sts. ; -tel Black 3G07I
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
Abstract of Title Free With Each' Sale.
Half furnished 40- ■.. Beautifully f u r-
.rpo.m house north . ' nished .house of
of Slarket; $1500- " 50 rooms; on a
takei it- tip to 10 " . sunny 'corner;
a.- rti.. December .- .stick a pin here;
.2.. "There Is. .a ' ... the rent is only
*ide In the affairs. • • • $1CS; house full
;of all mer>'s llv'ea ' : of.- steady room-
if 'taken at the •;. er»; x>n : account'
flood leads "on to '' cf sickness the
fortune-.'" .." . .' price- .($5000) -is.
See . . • ■ ". • ■ cut 1n two. •
XfARlON • . '.■-■; See '
. GRIFFIN. ' • . • MARION .
r— — — ■r—. — '■'.'" -GRIFFIN.
Ab'solutPly ■ our • ' - - - — . ,
Vest furnished 20> ' ' - - '. - DO UBLE the
room, transient ■ ••'. ' prpfit . could- -'be
house; right in ' '. ••• 'made .in this
the heart of busl- • . • high-class Fipuse;
ness'actlvlty; you 37. rooms; ' rich
will ncail lo put- • " furniture. /carj>ets
up about $1500 In ' . : . • and hangings;f)ne
.cash; .now clears- . . . . entrance; an air
$150; your ability ' ■ of wealth per-
will be the meas- ' . vades the house;
ure of ycur- profit.- • •.-'. profit' n.ow $175;
See '•■•'• ■ . '' fine landlord;
' -MARION- ' wwtb $4500.
' GRIFFlN. . See . - V ■
:. : . MARION
i THINK! *A 33- ■ GRIFFIN.
room house, clear- • • - — • '—,
ing .$141 monthly: . UNHEARD' .of
price $2000; half- • .-. ' terms;' 23 rooms:
cash and $"25 . •-:■-, nicely furnished
monthly; t h o r- apartments;clears
'oughly - respect- ■ • $74 monthly; Only
able. ■ • . • . , $4C0 .down . and
See • easy terms.
MARION '■ See.
GRIFFIN. ■'}■■ MARION
— — — — • ' GRIFFIN.
Vacant, 10 rooms: "^ : :
snd 20 furnished: . REAL ESTATE
. now - clears $79 . . . wanted in ex-
monthly. Almost change for a
no work for land- '-r£: j- : high-class, , 50-
lady. If you have room house ;clears
good furniture . $3000 yearly above
and $300 .cash -.■.'"■• a11 expenses, ln-
como and see us. - - . eluding living for
MARION man and wife;
GRIFFIN. • tine furnishings.
MARION
BRING us $300 ' ; -.GRIFFIN^ j
and we will put «„.'»» >.^. nT ,t
you in possession S P L E NDIDLY'
of a nice 15- furn i s h e d 44J- ,
room house full room house; ex-
of steady room- '. ceptlonal 1 o c a-
ers; -profit $65 tlon: lease, if de-
monthly; we back «lred;.high clasa
you for $700. * of roomers; very
See ' quiet and select;
MARION -only? $1750 cash
• GRIFFIN. , required; easy
■ terms; fine house.-
• _-V 'B— ' •' See '
i«n Air™ inn ' " 'MARION
ISO . rOCmS, 1OO r>DTin?ixr
furnished; $7500; GRIFFIN.
handsomest mod- . _
ern apartment- " ' -.—P. ". —
house in this 46 , large, light;
city; beautiful • " $3000; rent $150;
furniture; great ' lease if • desired;
bargain: should house and fur-
clear $700 each 30 nlshings in good
days. order; in a fine
See Iocatiin: clears
MARION -v •> ■:'.-i" $1"5; on sunny
GRIFFIN. , : : . Bide. -
! 'See-- : .-
MARION
Swell 50 -room. GRIFFIN.
new , and modern . ~rr — — — - —
I house , on . Sutter; -. . 100 rooms; apart-
most , beautifully L-. .'"■'.- .- ment house ; al-
f urn lshed: and - ways full of | nice
clearing $258 ■ • and: permanent
monthly: electric . people; Income Is
lights;, elect r I c $1097 monthly ;ex-
■ elevator; - ;u single ■; penses $G49; profit
J r o o m 8; ". mojtly ■ ,' $448; -.'sickn e s s
J; business ■ .men makes a sale ab.
r o o m ers; . price ■' • solutely necessary
$5000; easy terms. - ' at once. : .
. .See-' . »:-".- ■:--,-- ; -' .. ; See" . ' ■
MARION MARION
GRIFFIN.: . GRIFFIN.
65-ROOM "corner house;" irent $4.00 per room;
■;-. price • $3300; must ; be sold. Box 1852. " Call
, : offlcejj'ggSnSSSBSggy^g^sBISBKHHBH
FOR sale-j-Apartment house of 70 'rooms; flne
location: sunny .exposure. . Box 4107. Call. •
I.ODGHTG-HOU8IJS FOB SALE- jCon.
-^ '■ MITCHELL' & CO., '-
12CC MARKET ST- PHONE JESSIE 2981. !
Rooming and apartment houses,- hotels, flats.
• Scld to'sult purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
. AUTOMOBILE AT TO.UR SERV.ICE.
12 rooms. R. $15; good houSe ' $650
11 rooms, R. .$40; A! house..." '..$725
7 rooms, R. $27 50; corner flat -.$200
jriiAntvoVAnTs. ~^~
RICHARD MAYO — .
.The Man With Psycnlc Power. „.->:•
The. greatest living adviser o-n the: continent.
Tiierc is no- trouble, .doubt or ambition, no
• hrj?e or -'wish but what' cari be realized by
.his help and" advice; he is entirely original'
in his. methods; different 'from all others; a-
visit will bring sure help and will' satisfy
you and bring, success' and happiness -to the.,
seekers of. truth and advice. . ..
.Completp clairvoyant reading this week $1.
Satisfaction jjuaranteeil or no fee accepted.
•• • 421A Ellis st.'; ' private flat; hours 10 a., m.
to 8 p- m. ■ - - ' ■■
MiTK. M. BERXARD^ — • THE FAMOUS
• Clairvoyant and" .business nledlum; . penna-,
nently located at 17. Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.';. she reads your- life correctly,'
' gives an accurate description of the. past.' re-
veals '.the - present happenings and' portrays
. events to occur- in the future; tf you are in-
.trouble, discontented cr not satisfied -with
• life, or have domestic, love or .business trou-
bles,- consult this great, medium andiyou' will
■b« tcld how to overcome them; .valuable- ad?
rice 1n all affairs of-life': 25c up; satisfaction
l-uaronteed ; open Sundays. T«l. Black 45K>.
ATTENTION — • ' ' .. l
' • ' .MRS. DR.CLAR1C • '. '
The well-known medium and .clairvoyant,
may be consul.ted-on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed: she will show -you how to
bverromje your enemies 'and unite the separ-'
rated; teH your entire aife. past, present and
• future; satisfaction by mail; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.-
; - ' LIVINGSTONE, ' ' ' ■
■ ' . THE OCCULT WPNDER. '
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT' 'CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT LIV-
INGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT 26^4 KEARNY ST.
MME. LANGE, the only one who can help you
in * your greatest troubles; genuine • gypsy
sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader;
convince yourself of her skill; 25c and up;
chows the picture of future husband or wife.
38 Turk St.. near Taylor; hours, from 10 to
S. and Sundays. •• '
IEMAR. Egyptian Peeress. The Vendoms. 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hour* — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day -evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 114L
Mrs. A. II. Kronenberg-, .palmist, clairvoyant;
card reader: when 'others fail try me; read-
ings 25c. 324 OFarrell st. Tel. Red 6537.
MME. PORTER clairvoyant, medium, bora
with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present, future: 1. BOc; g, by cards $1; ia!m-
It try full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr.' and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. .5Qc;
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MRS. 8HAFFER clairvoyant, card reader. ha»
returned: sittings daily. 103 6th »t..rooms 1-8.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fottHM-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st. '
• ;; BPEBrnrAiJSM.
A— DON'T fall to se* Mrs. Dr. Gordon, the
wonder of the age. 132 Sixth st.
A — MRS.'J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and-
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night,
8 o'clock, $1. .1084 Bush st. >
MME YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c; read-
ings daily; come skeptics. 610 McAllister st.
PROF GEE, medium and healer: -readings
dally; circle every night; 10c. 1206 Market at.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate- writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott. 8S7.
. > , - , DENTISTS. -
A~NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrt.: crowns. $3 60; fillings. 50c;
plates. $3; full set; all work painless and
•warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
r No ' charge , tor extracting when plates are
made; old t plates made over Ilka 1 new; teeth
from SH per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
' ai^STS-Cmtfanta.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. ear. Bu*Jv—
Set teeth, $1 CO up; crowns, $2 up; filling** 25c
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewttt.204 SntUr
ARTHUR CHISHOLSI. surgeon-dentlst.r. 14.1st
• floor. Phelan bld.i 80« Market, cor. OTarreU.
DR. R. il WALSH ha* moved from Geary st
to corner Sutter at. and Grant ave. '
O8£SSKaZ£BS AJTD SEA34STaES3E3.
MRS T. CLUNE of New York opens dress.-
ma'klng parlors af 2170 Post, opp. Hamilton
So.uare ; prices reas.; S. T. Taylor system,
McDOWELL Dressmaking * Millinery ScqooI-t-
Patterns cut to measure ; eve, ciasa. 101!> Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating.. Stew-.
art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
-f ~-r. JttVtejriOVAX* -■
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited prpparatory.
school for university, law and medical col-
lege*; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
' professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bid*.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, baa returned;' bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing*; $5 month: Ilf» scholarship
|50; positions secured; day, ev*. 723 Market- ■'
THE Paul Gerson School of Aotlng. the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramaU* ;
learning in America; positions guaranta«d- ■;
Bend for catalogue. NaUva Sons' bldg. ."'.',-
HEALD'8 School ot Mines and Englne-erlng.' -*4'
Post St.; B. F.: cli-U.. mining, electrical. st«mm
and gas engineering'. - Send for prpspcetoa. ;
A STJCCESSTUl. eolletre; new'; lartwi roonu:
perfect light; all graduates. ar» gettln* poal--.
Uons. S. B. Business Collete. 733 MUaiqn.
ENGINKERING — ClvllJ «lec.. njte.. mechi. irarr-:.
▼ey. assay, cyanide; day. «Ve.; —X. 1864. Via..-
' der KaUlen School. 113 Fulton, .nr. City Halfc
HEALrXS BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Port'sti.
Established 1863; largest .in -the West;.an-i.
nual enrollment 1000; send for circular*; ; : ■
471essons pitman shorthand and hold anyposltlon:
' guar. ;60 court reporting -."single-page method"-:
bookkeeping. Western Bus. Col.. 1281 Markst.;
CLASSES in short story writing and JoarnaBim-;
' meet on Mon.. Wed. and Tnurs.. 2 p. in.. 335
: Phelan bldg. ; terms very reaacnable. . ■'..'■•■'•.
BOOKKEEPING, EBy.. Math,, etc!; day and;
eve.; individual instr. .305 Larktn St.; Prof,:
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus: CoL
1 A — GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS CO1»-
LEQE. 13S2 Market st. ■ Send for catajoyua.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. CoL. 603 Van NesV
' are. ; position* secured. R. H. Webater. Praa; .
BOOKKEEPING^ — Save time, gain knowledg-ev.
with TARR. expert. ?17 Parrott bonding:. -, '.'
GUITAR, mandolin and plants-. $3 p^. month;'
Vocal lessons $1. 828 Haight «t- ■• •'.::.
ISAAC Pitman Business . College. 843 H'sUght;'-'.
Individual Inatroct.; all branches; day.- »v«:..'
CHICAGO Business College. 1534 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 ?nq.'
•ADULT and juvenile classes now open. HIA-V
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr, CaJ-
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per*
• tonally. Miss M.- O. Barrett. 3O2.Mbntgt>m?y;.;
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION-^-^ *n*»
PARTrNGTON'S. 424 Pine-- st,-^Nlght- Ciasa; '■;.:
BPANISH.Frencb.etcIProf.De Flllppe'aAcademy:
. of languagei, 1018 Post;- esi. : 1371 ;ab(est ; profiL.:
EMPIjOITMCEK'T OJM'IUISS. •;:■'- >r ' :
A — JAPANESE and Chine?* employment of flc**
suppllps b«st help promptly;- city or coufftry. -
8. IMURA. 82» Sacramento. /TeLJarogs. 5231.;
•A — ORJ-H-EliM. Employment Of flce-r-Japainese--
.Chinese help.- 428 Powell st,:'.teL' 3iain.«732.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp, Office. 415 Stecktoti;/
-b**t help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgT..-Tel.B"ush."S39.-'
RELIABLE Japanose-Chtnes* Employment Of-V'
• flee; all klnda help. 315 Stockton.: Main S138;
CHINESE and Japanese h«ip- estab. 20. year?,-.
Tel. Main 109T. BRADLEY & CO.. «40 Clay,
EMPLOYacqirT w AjrrED— pem AI.E, >
' YOUNG lady stenographer: competent. and.' acV':
curate:- 4 years' experience;- $40 month. •'. Box:
1633. Call office, .•.••"•:.'•;:
.STKNO<jHAPHi:R."3 years* exp. : Tvetit-'clry rtf-:-
erences ;' accuracy guaranteed r Insurance, eoni- '-.
""merclaJ. work! • preferred. Box 1694.- ..Call-.-'- "1.
YOUNG girl, stenographer, f err.' months', expe- .-:.
rience.- wants position In any kind- of '-.of fk-*: "
.Box 11C0. Call office. -. • ' " : ' . ; •'••'--. :--'
A SWEDISH girl wants to. do general, hhotoey:
work tn American family. Call. at 53S' Blrph '
ave., near -Lacuna and Fulton ■ sta- •';' ."'- .-:'
WANTED — By a° good dressmakw,' ladleV -itn'4^
children's suits;' work, home; ■ . Bo.x 1703^ Call. ■
RELIABLE girl w-ishes situation-' to do; house-' .;
' work and cooking. 810 LincV"*n.*a.ve. •-. ' .' :•• .'
■WOMAN wants work' by the day,' . washing ;
.and housecleainlng. 13O4 Tark:st: . '.•■'.'.•' V-
DRESSMAKER.- ladies' and .ohll'dren's' snlt< ■
: wants situation by the day. .Box. 1702. .'Call.'-,
A LADY having several years-' -experience ;
. would Ilka a position as manager in a. hotel:
. . or -. large ; private house; -city • or- .country;',
satisfactory references .given. ' A.-fdrejs box :
1873. Call office. • ,. ■ _ : . *; ,.-
■AN experienced nurse - -wtsli#» a Mtuatioiv ■' >
-rake full chance of. an Infant:- city, refer-- •
ence. "10 Wetmore place-.' «ff> Cfay sit.; Ise^-''
tween Powell and Mason.'"' ' ' ■ • ' "' '.'- / '-..;•'
YOUNG lady, stenographer.- cliy rtfererices-, -3>».
'• years' exp?ri.enc«»' in' mercantile- an<i-.:otb>r '
Work, .operate -any -kind of. ta'acMn*: ; s'aJ a ry : .
no Ifess Utan $40 mo. Address.'bb'x .ldTO v -. -Oilfc.V
KESPECTABLE '. . middle-^igea 'woman -'iwa^ts-'
position : is good vopk- and "-flr!it~elas« lauij--'.'
dress; best- of- references.)-. Call :7.!) : *^-.F6lsbin;'
st.,' near FQui-thi '. " '. .-:. •7-:.-:; ~?y&
' MIDDLE-AGED .la,dy wouid-lIk'e.'llKhf -house'-.
Work; Is .a good mender, -flrst-ctass- njif-se-r-
. fond of children: .243 Fell... "• : . "•.-';';.:;..•:•".
•MIDDLE-AGED woman' wishes 'a.",poorUbp".f6r^i :
general houaework; zood . tfookj' 'refe^eaOES.-
' ylveii.. 40W ; McAllister. '^npst'alf a; .-..*". v "-. • ; . v,, '.
YOUNG jrlrl- would '.Ifke a pcsliioh' to' iio'sec- - : .
ond .work'. and waiting.' Call at ilXTIJaFrl^-.
f sob street. .-■ - ' ;'• . * ••* *. ... .' •", *': '. '.' 7 ■
ENGLISH governess • (late • of '. Fartjrr. wlshVs
employment: '.'speaks' good": German'/-' Boi'.'
' 1722 - Call office. • '.. , X . •- .-' '. ..'. ;• : .
BY a refined young "lady, office or. store "work. :
preferred. Call Tuesday after -TO* a." -m' - T7< ••
McAllister 9U, Phone Page- 1833... . .. • v' : V
TRUSTWORTHY' woman- wishes poaltlon'. as "'•
housekeeper or cook' for men; city' or couniry.- '
• ' Call 369 First St., cor.Harrison. bet. 2 and 3, '
AN experienced 'woman -'of 'education would'-.
■ Uke position of 'trust;- good seamstress; ref-.-!
erences'.' Box .1-732, Call office. ' ' . .- '"
AN honorable" woman wants ' work, of' any kind
. by the' day or. place 6f. trust. .482*9. '-Te-:
hama st. ' . • ' ' •
. h , , __
A PERFECT . laundress . and house cleaner
wants work, at $125 -per day; * referenc-sC
Box 1730, Call office. ■.:■--'
AN experienced stenographer, quick, accurats ■
and responsible, wishes position. ' Box 331' •■
Call office. " . - .. •• ."
RELIABLE woman wishes few nice families
by day: chamber work, washing; or' cleaning. "
4s8 Geary st v phone Brown 32.- ■ • • • .
EXPERIENCED nurse wUhes to car* for in-
valid, or will act as companion to lady; best-
refs. Box 177. Call: . '- :■;..•
GIRL. 18 years old. wants to Uke cans of *
children MISS L. SHEEL. 223 Eleventh, st.
, WANTED— A few more nursing place-T'by-a
competent nurse. Apply 356 Folscxri at. :
YOUNG woman for general housework In small
family; Wagts. $20. Box 1781. CalL *
A NEAT, reliable woman wants work by th«
day; good references. Box 188«; Call office.
A COLORED woman wishes work. wasWng.
Ironing or cooking. 2332 Greenwich st.
CHINESE lady, with sriri 7 years old. would
like to have good home: willing to do house-
work: wages no object:- near school. Apply
at once; 1 to 2 p. m.. 8O4 Stockton st . r. 6O.
ADVERTISEMENTS. subscrilptTons~recelved at
:CaIl Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta._
WANT ada and («ub«crlptlon!i taken for Th«
- Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister', st.
__'. EMPLOYMENT WAirTEI)— -BitAIig. • ■ • '
ALL-AROUND handy- young man, experteftceij
hotel, . . grocery and bar porter, wishes' em-
ployment; any • place;-, small wages and
. found. ..Box 1707.' Call office.; . •• • . .- .
YOUNG, quick waiter. 23. wants place in Bak-
ery, restaurant or > boarding-hou**: town 6r
country; best references. SCHUMANN. 624"^
* Washington s^. * . ■ ■.,_.'
STEADY,' sober young man wants" position as
porter In hotel,- office, or as" vegetable man;
no saloon work; will do. any kind of work;
reliable and sober; Box 1764. Call office.
PAINTER and tlnter, must- have employment;
highest class- of work and strictly bualnecn:
. "Promptness and neatness" my motto. Box
1721- CaU.CUP AND SAUCER OF THE NEWEST PATTERN flADE=FREE
I^PLOYMEKT WA*2TTZ:O — Mai*— -Con.
'T-OUNG n'.in. auber xnd ■cteid'y, want? work
. • of an> • kind by the. day; is a good Janitor.
' 'rail or ai!dre«^ |2 Wll.ley ave.. « ff Killm-rre
. ' n.. bet. DtMh and line,
-..-- - • —^— — — 1 — — -»- .. — .- . „ . - -
MAN. middle age. American, wants steady po-
• »ltlon. «>n ran< h or other country ilarc- Ad-
<lrr«f. J. STliWART. 711 Stockton st. .
;'A1 ..HAKBlvK wjncj •hort-hour wojk-. ' VJ1A.
;."._\r--;-.irie}-.st. •- • • ' . '. .
".".lli>N-EST. '.ndui-trious young xan, 2"i. compe-
■ ,'- tent tu !(ri eld sick R»nU»*nian, Istly. or in-
" '-. xaliJ; »!>he» i»c!<itlqrt: r.o objection to cU>
.'■ -.•"'•h.»r »crk: -' ;. <ri-.rt^ * ij< 1 Isili «."'■ llh doctor;
■ . leot .referoioa*; «i;n J^K» to Wu mcntlt.
■ - lira K.;, • all office. - '. ' ■ ' :'.
HY a. man -_''i year* ..'!1. l»Odfek»**PSng. ' time-
.• • !.repir.f-or itajlax "»ork:'ona ritit-'h; at pret-
.■•-.•er.feait.K'jtd.'L'Jt lerires a.pcri'tlcn :n coi-.r.-
.": .tryr st>*Jlh i)ie:«;rred; rererencra- 'Box 17TJ.
p ' : -: ' "all, jiftoe. . .'...•' ' -' - .'• -' " . ■
'ViTjfJL£-AGEI? .:n«.n ■n?u:d lUe t» have ■»•
. -»L-Uon' -a-s -.wofkins ' forriuan- on isiwratu*
•■:. raa'ch; -,eic|.ierienoeJ •'■ tvorked;. «t ' ?ior»n:»r!tc>.
" iWiUin l*l«h<l-'. -lAl-.ito. GE<X BltOWN.
: -Ha dec; j»a«j:ji. *■«- Ftaneiscd ' '.'•.'
'.GKRJiAN, rclddle'sge.'. wi'-i^s jo«!tion' as vej-e-
'-..• .'tahle ' orfiaTrer-iiarienrr:- n*5d<*r?tan>l» prun-
:.' .' int: ~-I«. handy -wit. a^ii-i-eMer'tools" and •ub-
;■ ' "fletttar.dV. aUt> ; to. air-*' for horses; . city, or
: /; wiir.ti-j;, . Box - l<K»r *""aU ;cfflce." ' ' •- -. .' ■
rOOACHaf A>*..- younif." .-'•■ oa?pet»'nt - Tnxm.\ ■ jr»nt<
-. .'-. : p»as1ti6n: cly- '«r TrtlMirb*'.'. .do .(rardenln«
• '. -:if ' re'juired i . Tint -els.** 'ch j rer«r-en<-esi • - Box
>vj^ Ckfl/:- -..-^ ;■..:.; h.^ ; ■'.■ -"■•■":••;-■':.- : .. :: -"■ "•
.■.SIT"CATiQN '■""raiited^"'as ".'•'ciachrnah:: und'rj lands
:.:.". : -' : .-aie>tr<»: "of /.norW-s. .'"carrUgfs ' .■•an4.v.arcun>l : a
•■■ ' .'rfnUejliaij's. flk'Ve^'city.-or'counlrr.- ;Bo'x 1717:
'■;'--/''*ii ;aztlc£;. .' :''.- ::':?.'■■_ %\" ■/'.■■ :f'\.^'i '■' -" .*' .- '..'■
• ' : A-' ■ TOTTK<J :" xr.ia ' ■-dr*': rc-s' -i : ' t u » "ticn ;-. ' f peVjcs \ Ger-;
":V..":.*nah;- : ;?p*'rt'*sJi." *«?<I'- Bcifiaitjayian. lariB7-.iires;
■ i.'~ <sm:pete st '^cirviryot.- :■ borikit'eepej: • a.-id navig* -
..':"•■ ,*»v- -' A;Wr?i* ; -^1 "Ri-^fl.'St.; ".Ca;i :. .y
' •:'<! E.Rilii'N,' '"n«*t "" -'ini ..'-c-Jean.'- wants ■ postubn ;
'■■':"■ ■'.-Wtcn**' ti»a. -gefterJtl work ' a-;l. n>iiad,- .haady.
' : '.'". '■.•"usef at. "Jl.Iii.Ui* :...'c\»uiitry .prxiJerr-ed-' . Please
' : .';rtiir^' ; .b^//i>^;'.;CjLii.."oiacei-; ",.-'. \ :../.'■ '■?-. ■■': ■■:■■
'• ••■>trtiiJ£Jt.--'"po|»ttlijia- : .'--td • millc
• .';'.•■ ..«v.'«-s, -'.'twjnd '■tiov*'*- or .i^ke cj*re" 0/ rJac.e-;- *££.'
;i;:;>a^( - E(^VJ-2:TOy^.;D<^i-!k»n.Hi.-;
-.'• ' •'rri.' .TweiVyy-tGirrtl*:;' ■•agd';.iju'<»rpfr<? .*'js» '.■."'.•' . ..'
.^5*Ot?iTlON; ."-"J^ '.age- 25;
". ' : -years,, ta' power pjant. or' XESuuiiarturtEg ootin-
• -'■:': pafey- as -pipefitter ; or -work Ihvolilns;- faat
: ■-.■■.•-/■Bo»r;irra^ : caiJ.-«face;''.'*.;- ■•':.". -■;,,■■/.■:. ':■•-'.; -. : ." '■:.'
■ ■ <X)»ii*fcT tXT • j:oung . pcrter; wjsh.es : .erpploir
;■ '.' «n«ct.; ty day. ,'wk or :mocth : In' totel biiird-
.'■ .ihjt'.or : pr"\-»t-e. piadei.-CJty or couatry.:- IJJx
: 'BRIGHTVy^tjat: -c:aa nt XI years,. ;r»?'iaing' *-i^h
"■ :', : T ija rejatt, .wishes'. io : *rork in ytpt#tak}ji; MfsfL;
;- '-."' 15U -ord<er» oV ; *work la." »t?ck , besX or .•.reUr-
■■;•"': : :""**»c«».'.". : ,^^;^*>75.' : 'Cail.'''-.- : .;;---.: ■■....._ -'".-.. '- •;.'■;■
• "tJARi)ENER Wishes .«J.tiisUoa; .cota'pi«en.t;in7a4l
' : vritoraAcbeilvVg^eejiiipasei.-. orch**d.-- yeietab'Jes
; . N'. "«-nir"- iatta»OLp« : *»Xile=lag-. .n?ferei»ces.:,;.-.Box
•;"v:. ;i^;.%*lV;oLfnc*--- : : ■••-;•.->'>;:■. -i: : < : ': : ';''
■:-'jbi-iN'£JtAlf' ire'r^anaise ■c'l*r'k.;_a«#:2*-yeirs;'-*»
• ' ■ . >'e«ir»'' >ij«erit»i;ce; . vleslree' entploy-menr^. wages
.-:.. ;^BiMt .;•;': •}?.:. [■
.;' : .;OC>.41JF"'£t£n'T .tiliirapher.' -expei^eijced .as- sta-
- • ''v-i'-W. a^«-urr»nt ; - »-i»*jea poslti.orv ■with railroad;
--"'v^firtt -£•**>:. reVW': Box ;i"27.; : GalU ■'■. .' .'•■;•"._•.:"-..'• .-..-..'
. .' TO 1 ajjaf -man ' ' »'f she* po*Jtl 6s : Jsji »*jr s . ; 'trow . • to
-. vtfr;v« 'and take ' eire oL -torsos. H. SCHXIlv-
;:-.;.; ->bex;- ;;{iMr£fUs.;'«t.-;:.-' ; .:-. ■;.';•. ;:: : ; ""..■: .'-'•''■.'":
> -T'OCJCO tr.an' *sraEts" work ; Crf .'aay. •Untd-;" uader-.
J*-'.' : i *tia'fl» care" - t>f .* .Jiorses. '."• '.ccfw^ ..gajden.'. ; etc.
,V : ;;>B;a*t-'%7'ri.' ; .'Cail\o?ac«.':./.'; .;.'..;. .'■■''■. ■-...... ■' ; | '■'•■,-'-■.
'•■: '-'^ ''-AiNTEJt>V-P-i«t{c'*i, ■ : -ctqr- ' or .-country'; /-would
--.-/. Jfejcn ■"■"■'eniifl.oj.Ter.- SiOO. . izx -.- -t*Tist.:'. w?I)-kno*rn
\'i;~'~._ii^^iL.Xht/£tiiiei..': i Bax..3X. Csjl' oOBce: ■ .-.
' •;\s:^?r i I*ED- : 7-"Br expei-reritseyi '. traveling; ialleimJM"!
'" ' ; p!^.itli;r,'.ei*i;fr:''oa ; 'rosj .'or- JiSside;. xelerences
: ";:S/-tcaiacgftd: ..:Bcx;-iB»».'--palL :: ;.- ' ;■•'_. ;'•' ;•'■■
r.'.T^tiXG '• ?•?'•■".- Vgood '. •hostler^ 'wants plari."' in
■ •■'■ '- .J-lveryV ' .*iabl# ; •- city. or. ■ coantr> ; -; ■ piice with
-■£* biitrit pr«*rrsd. ■';;'»•« : M12. .-Call.* ." , -' " - .
' -<i- »< (D ■-codt'-.Wanti'.pqiBJtion'; nrst^chuts refer-
=...>nc$*:--: tviiii: or • -boar<llng-:ho<a3ei waeAs 16a
.^.■>E[cx: .ara; : '3Qatt:-l* 'j'-\-. .;■:■;<.- ■•' '■■"'. ';■ ■ ,
:'. .FJ'iRST'-'CLASS ■'•btkw ' 'kbd 'paitry. ooolc. wife aa
: .'.":.7:iSfli*r 't6r*'«a>».ia<Ij.' '.iriali. pcsWcas; csyr 'fir
yy'jcitutiiir..; ,ltl\' ycrfc. at. • .- •■ " . *.'■
■'- -jiciiri-ycxv^rr^TTl ; * : prar^sy'onj»l ■ accountant. ' fie-
i', V' 'tifei ftiijtloc': 'asti. furbish .best of references.
V ."■ ;:Vi'l" 'Poplajf . 'l«t.v- OsJtlaad: -j>£rone -R*d 32S5. . •
'"/JPpSIrrtdN. -as. sia.tipc1al7-.ot; steam shovel "en-
: v. -•••giheo'r.i' •isa '. rtffkia'^ fittfcr. Address boom 72,
•.'i'.Wlic'fcesner 'JJotjpt ■ "'".' ' " ' ■ .y'l; ■
•!'V^^ST^ii>-^'irar<lei:«r' 'aad cosxams.a- wants
--.'".' nV.iikiian: :i«''*olier. re^isble .and trustworthy;
■■•;•-■" bpcit;'- '<":tpr"-an*' *«>uritr*»- ref*. Box 1S44. .CaU *
'.-.-JFtEljiA-ljil£"'' "rrlaa'.-wajrts"" office work, "or as col-
.." Vaectof": .i««l 'rtlerenpfe*.' 7 Bex 17C2. CaiJ office:.
V..TOLOS"'?; rcan ,'w-jhess work in warehouse. Box"
•V.W a NTF. :/.'■■<* :r;on as candy helper. Box 237.
,'T -'.Cfcfl, '*tP"i~l. ■' . -'.'-". '' - "-••*.•"■-"." •'
:=jsjOrriujsi Wtf«;-'majj" aa' cook, wife: as- helper.
:-.;-. ■ -w«bt.-!.po«itlibBs:'-clty>. Boi 236. Call,
1' Vji I'. :y:".> inkn desires .'a position, as -collector
■.:.;;'9r..-c.lfrk:'aee 3< refeTeaoe. Box' 1787, CalL-
: tl'^fTRLY man", -wants sitnatioo; .alntie; no
•::-': ba'd,,;tab<*a: refs. : Bex 1S3«.- Call. .-.
■ V;o ' Vi "-n\I AS . aria eardener .'wants a 'position;
;• ;.-.hs.CT gnjt'^'isja ; ref grences. Box- 195^. Call.
•JA'PANESE coople. harving 'ten years' .. experi-
j.--.-V»Bot*' 'SisIbJsi situatioss for man. as "cook and
■'■-■.-'. *lfe; to .'wait to table: rity or country;, best
.- ': ": refereaors. '. AddresB. Y. HAM A. '7.*4 Po«f st.
~ -A-'BBIGHT j.arjanese.boy wants steady work to
-. • . -de .as ponjdr or bensework eltJoer', any kind of
1 : '■.'" teij>. dariEg mornlr.g'or afternoon.- K.- H..
'■ .'■■:43Z Botter "I- . ". .. .* '".'"- ". ' . .
;" 'JTAP.A\NE*SK" vtcts'. position 'mji. disbwasher/pr
1 :.".-. Idtr hen -he- P aft*r 4 o'rlock l-fvrnooas. '744
f.Powt stl; phone -Sqitef " 1731. HARRY ISHL-
OOOV '■^■Jaj»ahese cook; wlsaes) a position In a
. •; raaH .fartJly; t! . up a. week. • NISHIHARAj
■\.':'.«47 Jones St.- - ..:* - V ' ~ •'~~r, : ' '':
"OOOp Japanese,- ■ wtao noderstsJbds . Bndlsh.
:"■ •■Wishes snetHoD tn doe. family -to. do house-
•.^•ort'vter'inB.. C*JI. - . - '-.-.
J A PA N r*"K ' boy-.' tceotaei aod honr^t. wia)>e«
'■■'■ !i*rr '•'.' '-""■ 'as' school -boy; speaks Sngllsti'; -wages
v." II;. -Aadreasf B. N^ 1431 Bosh St.. clty^
. >'. .' . ' ; n-r ; : ; ; :
;•' JA"PA'NlEEE..'wmat«. insitlon. as eook. or bbase-
"■•':'''.wpf1terr*a«es (6 up. a "wisek. GEORGE WA-
>;'. TAN ABE. . 1336 Csilf ornla mi. : * ' ' . "
. 'A -.J-A PAN-E5F:.- ynunif. hooest boy wants a po-
■*.-" : sttie6: as srhoolboy In good famUy In city.:
A' : it.;.. L, -507- Larkln at.; teL Lsxkln >«f
. A' JAI*AjrEQE •dacatsd In this country with
-:_■' 'fdekivt ■' *o learn- thwde : wacta ■ position .as
"■.-' .schoolboy: honejst aad sober. Box 283. Can.
' -.jAPANESi"! bey. wants- position at housework;
-'. ■ .if'sioepi' oot room. H. KAMAI, 431 Steven»on.
'..->. TAN" ran w-oald IIKe to work in family. A.
•"••-'■ : 8.< -<1 Jfltsn* s*. " '. ' •
s*APANE8E schoolboy withes situation In a
:. snail, family. TOMTSAKI. box 1972. Call.
•A F7RST-CLASS Cbiaeise 000k. wants poaltioa
,*" ta 1 family. QVOK GOON. «2O Kearny st.
' ADVEaiTlSEsCENTS. subscriptions received at
V. CaU Branch office, cnr. Duncan A Church sts.
. A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
.. .-tion of advertiseniecu and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
■ -Fifth- Open gatll 11. p. m. -
-"*. ' : ZCmiA CUBE.
fiOO FREE for any case of ec'xema. salt rheum
•. or barber Itch that I cant cure; a trial treat-
. . tnimt free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
•' i . ttsa.txc1a3*.
'the realty syndicate.
• 1 * 1 ***&■* ■■' ...,...«4.eoo.ooooo
Surplus -. »4o,»oi 86
• Six per cent
Investment Ortxflcates
' At ' par.
S Office — No. -14- Sar.some 'st. *
*s San Franoisco, Cal.
STOCK in tRe Oakland Oematlon Assoclalion
' * or "*•* A PP'T t0 «'• .E- BARNARD. 47?
Tenth st.. Oakland.
'CCMPANTEfi formed; mining -or patents; stock
■ "Old:.stronir Eastern connections: advice free
F HARAP.ZTHY. 522 CrosVi."^^
" JfUttlTITUBE WAJTTKD.
abe~levy] ~" " :
Ealen-aom.- 11S5 Market at. Tel. Jessl* 761
- Dcn't sell your furniture. ca'n« t*. office fur- '
. altnre. etc.. until yon get his eetimateT I
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
cealera or will *ell en eoromisrloa. L H
BURE>. auc.. 1630 Market: phone Jevsle T34}
CALL cn-A-tfrrd Wollpert. 773 Mifslcn *i_ t»T- !
fere relli^c ycur Phcne feed- 44C2.
PTJayTTTTRE^rog sa£e!
liirXUY MATES pays hichtmt prices~ror~?ur^
• clture. carpett. ctr. 7yj Ml«slo*v tel; Bu»h M3
rURNlTUKE for sale of S-rooin ccUaffe; plaao"
I-rtce «150. ll6S>A Valencia kf- 'I
J-GATS J?O SET.
■~ * '
— — ™" - -. v. ■. 4 - '..■ i "■
JV—HOUEES and f.ats to Jet; an Immense list;
ftrvlce absolutely free: v take advantage of
ihlt Oerartirent; It will save you time and
trcubl*. Cordee Furaltur* Co.. -H-i'J Geary
• ' .;.; tu t&« .-;uarf. • ' - -
— — »— .
1 COTTAGES, hou.-vj end fiats to let; every d«-
flrable \acant place In San Francisco, on
f ikt I'sts: service absolutely tree; let us fln-1
■; jcu a place: come in and let us 'know what
:ent you want to pay and the locality; "w»
• do Ui» rest." it'TUnjc Kurntture Companjr,
•or» Mark-t *t.. opp. McAllister.
JUST completed, 3 very elegant flats of 7, 8,
S r<vi*n»; .Girls', hall and attic, beam ceilings.
- r>rri-;-<1 <ifn'nK-room. 1334-3JW8 McAlll-Ster.
near Ststner; rent very nux1»rate. ,
GO* J'F.>: GATE iiv**., near Ce.-.tral ave — New,
i -sunny P.stn, t!r.'e<s and fresco?<i, 5 rooms.
1 b-Hh." $J0: C rooms, bath. atUc, £&: ppen
j . deily. ■' 1 _ j
j A' FLAT, of it rooms and bath. 40 San'chei st..
b«-t. Th'.rteeath *:id Kourtee.ntb, north of
- Murket; $25. ' ' ■_
FLORIDA, II.®, nr. C4th---Mndera, new upper
• flat, R rooms;. rent ?22 50.
I MIK.NA.. 1012.- "neai* ' Eleventh-r-Four sunny
J 'rooms And rent $15.
■ r ATiOtTBR tt :f c : f •* rwrns, Iarse hall, gas,
-• ysrd. -'• lSl>*»-.I»aven worth st.
NEARLY r-V-flat to let; 4 rooms and bath
yg Tehama sy * : .. • •
■1 :-Nt">V; modern flat* of -6. .rooms; sun In every
'■ ro<- ; m; •.t'i.T ~<!\. ' 2C0« Folsom' i>t.. near 22iJ.
:OCTAVIA".- ion." cor. Fell— :Fl*at 5 Targe room*.:
■ .- -■bitfi." l-ard, basement; modfrn improvements.
[-fS'.SO-r.NE.'Bi modern .flat; 5 room.",- bath "and
(.- y.biigtjntnU. -1-32 Eureka st.. near. pigKte.rath. .
-.j-.ySS^.Xew: sunny flat. C room's and bath. North-
'.;, .west - «;orner Noe'and. 24th sts. . . '•
:|..1LaRGEST :ist of houses and flats to let.' Call.
.!'-. cn-':i,YOX i' HOAG, 116 Montgomery St. '
.A MODERN, suhcy upper flat of 7 larg* rooms,
• '• completely.'. furnished; carpets, linoleum, and
}' •■'nafljrings -bought of Sterling's .for cash' 14
!.."'.•« fek?/ ago; a. bargain; obliged to go to Mon-
,| :'• . taiii.' '-.»17- Joqe* St.. near Bush. ' • .
<r~ l ....'.' ' , ■;
PA.STR-Y obek. -no Sunday work. ..... '.$10 week
". Cook.' Menlo- : Park...: • ..."*."«)
■".' Second girl. .-,.... .'..'.I'... .-..":.'...., .,. 125
•• C)iani{»ertnaid and seamstress...- .-..$25
• • .S".w'aitres.«*9,.iK)tel; to go. south. .'.-....'... $25"
' •'•.Waltrfss,' short -distance-..' •..-..-....... .$20
'..* -2 •'re|itauntat- waitresses...... $7 and $8 weefcr,
: jiouee girt -Si-rioKla, 2 family .,.'..'.: ;.*25
: -'3- house girls" for. riscies,".^ :.-...".,. $-'o
-. Hobs* girl fqr Ple«santon.?e> laay-today^JiSO-
■ • • "Oaok" Ofor' email bderdinx-house ..".-.. . ..$25 .
' Nuiie ' &d'*1 second girl for Alameda. ..'... 525
• ;.G*rinan cook.' no washing.' - .'.$35
: 'Alid a large. nun>ber' of. house girls, oity and
v'c'ouatj-y... •..:..*..• .'....$20-$25-$3Q
.'>j>Vly.to J. : F. CROSETT &. CO.. -334 Sutter.
' •• .,:'GEOfe«E .DAViS-.A-cb.. . • .-' '
-Cmploytaen*. -Ageocy, MS.O. Sansome, -cor, Pjne.-
. ' .SsUesia'dy.- 'hoaiery.-' fancy .goods. " $9 ' week. "
""- .SBJ^elady,- crodiery dej>aj-tment.- $10 'Wieek. •
-Experienced -lady on cumbering machine in
: bob'kbtnderj:, ■ $ltk . ' '. .' • " • ' ' '
• Sileslafly -for: baie*t, speak Germani $20 mo.
Ladles : <Jn' nec'k-A'ear. $'8-$9' -^eek. . ' * .
Apprentice ..girt* boQkblndery, *4 weeki .'
• Facperienced bookbinder, .$8-110 " week. . .'
'• Young. -Jady. aiseistant. -irrasnwge parlors, '■ good
pay- . ; . '-."- ' .;. ' .' * "; -..
•A— WANTED— <3trls .. to' l««rn hatrdresilng. "
ma'nlcur'ng. et&';' trade taught -from'.A fo Z
- in 2 weeks:- tuition $5 to- those entering now ;'
thrie pofiltlocs' ta fill Immediately; poeltlooi
' ' $rnaninieed at ' f 10 . -per " week ' up; leading
.. school: in West. .233 Geary 'st.. rob.m 11
WANTED-^-Gtfls to.- learn 'millinery now for.
fall tfeason; both seasons taught from .-start
to finish 1» 'one month for $5; positions as
- trimmers, saleefadiea, makers guaranteed at
110 per week-up; 7 positions to be filled 1m-
gedlately. .' ParroTa.^143 Stockton, st... r. IX
A— PACIFIC •'Collece teaches halrdresslag,
manlcnrlBg. electric mas safe, etc ; six hours'
- practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized coil -re .of its kind on coast: day
aad evening'.- classes; "ill parlor work' at.r*-
.. <iiced prices. 133. Powell St. . . ■ \* j.
WANTED — Yoang -woman -who Is .an. experl-
■encrd cashier. Apply between 9 and 11
. a., m.- at HALE 'BROa* ' . * :
WANTED— : Young' woman who is a* fljrst-^lass
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 and
• 11. a, m. at HALE BROS.*
GIRLS and. women for Ibousework, $2O-$2Sl
N.ur«*1rls, several places." $15 to $2O month.
. Necktie hands, nice pl&oe. piece worl.
• Room 61& Qrant buildit-g. South 104
• WANTED 1 — Girl to make herself useful in rea-
taurant. Apply Cottage- restaurant 591 How-
ard " st.. near "-Second.
LIGHT colored glH want»ed to attend to small
flat twice a •week. Box 1704, Call office.
'GIRL wanted .to ascist in housework in *small
' family; sleep home. 712 Leavenworth st.
NEAT youcK girl afsir; with houstework; 4 In
." family; no young- children. 2502 Fillmore st.
-WA-NTEQ — Girl *tq tend . fruit store. 254
■ Fourth st. ' .
WANTED — Every trained nurse in -town to
try CHICLETS. • . ■ w ' ,
OPE31ATORS' wanted -on -all parts 'of shirts;
steady work year round; best pay. UTLMAN,
' EEEUGSOHN A. BROWN. 716 Mission st.
LADIES — Eirn $20 per. 100 writing short let-
ters.* Send stamped envelope for particulars.
Ideal M£g- Co.; Cassopolis. Mich.-
LADIES for steady home employment: 18 and
412 weekly. Emma SpreckeU bldg,.. 927 Mar-
ket st.. room' 618. .'." . J .:
WANTED — A housekeeper 'for lodging-h*use;
$100 cash ■ecurlty requln-d. Bo*x 172S, CaU.
WANTED — A firat-clasa sewrog machine oper- .
*tor, '. 112O Mlaaton.
WANTED — F1r«t-clasa sleevecoakers. J.
BAER. 1M0 Gaary et. •
GIRL for general housework. ■ 848 Thirtieth st.
.Oakland; call before noon. ' '
HELP WANTEfi — KALE.
THE NATIONAL* EMPLOYES RECORD CO*-
Porter, hotel. $15 and found. '
Neat boy. collect and deliver. $17 &0.
• 2 watchmakers, city. $25 week. *
4 tingle hand miners, $21.
• Card writer, window trimmer, $100.
- 2 young' men. ticket office, $20 start.
Beer wagon drivers, good pay. • •
7 errand boys, offices. and stores, $4 to $5.
We are looking for men of ability, write or
• call, , ' ■ -' *•:■'-
.-■ Rooms- ft-10. 51 Third st. '
AT HORD & SMITH'S.' "
Contractors' Agents, .85 Third st.
Young married man to take charge dairy, 8
cows; city; $40.- with furnished rooms;
milk, butter, eggs and ehlckeos free. .
Cook. $11 and found, south."
Man for dyehouse, experienced. $15 to $20.
Solicitcrs for tea and coffee house; big in-
ducements.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
«42 Commercial st. Phone Bush 833.
MAN AND WIFE*v cook small crew men,
dairy. $50 fd. ; leverman. dredg* $60 fd."
OREGON— FREE FARB— OREGON.
20 COAL MINERS— OREGON.
MAN and wife, cooks for ranch. $60 and found* '
French cook, country hotel, $60 and found' !
head waiter, country hotel, $40 and found'
• and othem. J. F. CROSETT & CO. 628
Sacramento st. *
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN^
If you are a competent man, unemployed
or dissatisfied with your position, we can
place you. Investigate our plan of securing ■
positions in clerical, technical and mercantile I
lines, paying from $1000 to- $5000 year.. In- I
terviews strictly confidential. Offices and 1
representatives In many cities. Commercial '
Clearance Company, suite 413-16 Starr King 1
bldg., 117 Geary st
WANTED — By publishers of two first-class
technical Journals, American Machinist,
■ Power, good solicitor to secure- subscriptions;
*must have Ist-class refs. ; position permanent;
I remuneration good. Call on H. K. FISHER,
representative of' publishers. Grand Hotel.S.F;
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced silver sales-
man. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS*. .
HARNESS-MAKER wanted at once. 718 Fol-
som st. '
WANTED — A good tailor on coats. 27%
Fourth st.. room 1.
WANTED — A strong boy to chew CHIC-
LETS. They will keep him in trjm. ,
CABINET-MAKER for Pine . Furniture Fac.
tory, 2147 Folsom St.. near Eighteenth.
AN experienced baker's helper. Call ' at 10 a.
m.. 1C« Eleventh ft. , ■ •
i WANTED— Boy for tjrrands in tailor shop;
must be reliable^ 2l5 Seventh st.'
' B1BBS-.U- .<»» t^u.. .S37-Claj- ■*. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1. 1904.
A— MURRAY A READY. 634-638 Clay st.
Phone Main oSi"*.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
. We »ave 1004 we hope to
»;o.out' men work in 100.1. Increase 00.000.
COAfc MINERS.
OREGON. ! KKKE FARE. OREGON.
FREE FARE. OREUON. FREE FARE.
25 "S , 25
Coal miners for a good mine In State of Ore-'
Kon; by contract, yard and ton; big. wages
can be made en this Job: inquire about It.
COAL MINES. OREGON. COAL MINES.
• FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
NEW TUNNEL.
6 miners to drive tunnel, near city, $75.
ARE YOU
MARRIED?
Farmer a'nd xyte-ior mine 1 co.'s farm; Hum .
. boMt; good job; see boss here; $G0 found.
' Cook and wile; mine; 30 men; Nevada; $50 fd.
Farmer and wife;, sduth; good Job; $40 , f d.
CUoreman and wile; private ranch; Santa
. SAILMAKERS.
4 -sailmakers or Bailors used to repairing
sail:-: Ja fiO (■> $4* day.
11 farm hands.. 4 milkers, 5 choremen, boys.
COOKS AND WAITERS.
•Porters, kitchen hands' and dishwashers.
MURRAY &. READY. 034-03(3 Clay st.
A— VOOK!
■; : ':,-;*-.. SPECIALS..
Paper-hanger. Ions Job. country, ?3 day.
• CONCENTRATOR.
Man to run con£efitrator, gold mine, $75.
j . WOOD TURNER. . ,
I , Wood turner and millman. country. $4 day.
! Grainer 'and -painter country job, $3 50 day.
, BAKERS. • • .
3 pie bakers, city, 'place*. $15 week.
• . DRUG CLERK.
Registered- drug' clerk', city. more. $C5.
BOOKKKEPER.
SEE BOSS* HERE.
Bookkeeper and stenographer, ranch; "see boss
here. ' .
Assist on books and typewriter for baxk; set
boss here '2 p. m. to-day.
NEW . WORK.
10 drillers, country. $60; .- ■ • • ■•
.' 15- laborers, coustry, south, long Job.
,. Cook, small hotel, near eity. $tO found.
J . James Kinsley. • stonemason, please report.
• 2 paper-hangers, long job. country. .
Man to run tshodding machine,. $2 75 day.
. .MURRAY A READY. C34-636 gay st. .
AAA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU^ '
80(5 Market st., room .325, fifth floor. .■ . '
• Office hours, 9 a.- m. to 5 p. m.
• Bookkeeper's assistant - ,, $15 to $25 week
. Stenographer ..-.."". .S15 week
..'Manager department store . ........$25 week
Bill and <>ntry clerk,. '. .$15 week
, 'Drug clerk ..*. '. :...... $12 week
j . Checker ...'.... ..-..." $15 week
• 'Timekeeper ' : ...$15. week-
Accountant .: ". .$15 to $25 week
. • Collector ..$15 week
Floor manager • '. . . ... .. . . . . .$18 week
.. Two sWipping clerke • $15 week
General offfce work .".;..-..•. ,flS week
Clerk, city or country '. . x $15 week
■ .Young man learn dentistry .". .-'. . .$10 week
• SG« Market St.. room 325,. fifth floor.
BOY' wante/f. Apply Stevenson -et. entrance^
CHARLES LYONS, London -Tailor, 721 Mar*
. ket st. ••»».'
WANTED — -Experienced crockery packer. Ap-
: ply Great American Importing Tea Company,
52 Market st.. shipping 'department.
YOUNG boy; rlfrk In grocery store and tend
• bar.- . .7«i Bryant -st. • ;'- t't '
JBARBKR shop for -sale, cheap! on account of
sickness/ ' 172S Howard- -st.
-MEN — The -onry original Moler Barber College
.* t«*ches barber trade' in- 8 weeks: Wages-
• earned' -while learning.' ',-'•
. . -Ne.w- quarte.ra and new appliances. \V"-' ;
Call or write for .illustrated catalogue.,
. Moler Barber College, 649 Sacramento st.
'.;,•,■ '.Latelymoved.frbmClay.it,- ;' ;
WANTED^- By a iarge ' soap manufacturer, S
. farmer's soqs In. each State, with rigs, to
call on the country merchants; salary '$100 a
" month -and expenses ana contract for one
• 'year.: Buffalo Chemical .Co., Buffalo. N. Y.'
A "PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician ana- surgeon ;'. must be quite gray,
' but active: positively no other; no traveling;
'salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third at.*
BARBERS— Kowntown shop with lease;* clear*
.'$130 per rnontli; am going to sell this we*Jc to.
man who makes best' offer. Box 1728. Call.
WANTED — Men and women to • learn the
barber trade, under first-class Instructor:
' only 6 .weeks required at GlIXETT'g
SCHOOL. 611 Commercial st.'
'WANTED — Men to prepare 'for railway mall
and custom -bouse, positions. Apply for free
• catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldg.. 1005 Market St.; open evenings.
WANTED — One or two men to learn a good
trade; steady work; paid while learning;
must hare I?*, security. Call. at 618 Mer-
chant st.. bet. Kearny and Montgomery.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Rend" House proprietor, has
added 100 ivsw rooms to the Denver House.'-
217- Third St.; 5250 rooms; 25c to 50c jer night.
STRONG boy, about 17. that can drive, to help
in grocery; *!<> bar; state age and wagrs ex-
pected. Box 1705. Call office.
ONE young man * to learn . the barber trade
in a shop; only' method. HAJGHTS COR-
. RECT. 751 Mission st.
BARBER Bhops bought and sold at Coleman's
Exchange; country' shops a specialty. 70t>
Market st.
WANTE"D — EducateO gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion; $83 per month. Box 050, Call office.
GET yojjr shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
10 60c 571 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d it].,
or 11 Third st.. Examiner bulldlnc. - '
WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
'night; clptbes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in evtjry- roont 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 M
pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 1 1 3d st.. Exam. bid. ; open till 0 p.m.
STENOGRAPHER; age; experience; previous
employers. ' Box 1718,' Call. .' - * .
4-CH AIR barber shop ' for sale cheap; ow'ner
going East. 218 Mont*romery ave.' ■ ' •'■ •
WANTED— Man ' with $300 take charge of;of-
flce; lj'ght manufacturing 00. Box 551, Call.
WANTED — One-'chalr barber shop: clty'or.
country or opening. Box 1734, CaU office.' •
ENERGETIC, reliable .men as city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. 247 Fifth st. '
MUSICIANS to Join brass band. 828'Biun st,
third floor, room 4.
M$:N. learn the barber, trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st. .-
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r.419.
PENSION atty.; E. A. .Bullls, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post., G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from. ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
I been opened at 1008 Market . sC, opposite
I Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 671 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
Horns ahp WAoqire.
' AUCTION sale horses, LJvermore. Cal. ; will
I sell 60 -head of horses, weight from 900 to
I 1250; will take place 10 a. m., December 3,
! lt-04. J. M. BARRY. Auctioneer. >
TO HIRK — A couple of working horses by the
month; also room for a few more boarders.
• Columbia Stable. 122% Eddy st.
THE quarterly bulletin of 8. F. Veterinary Col-
l«ge now ready; mailed free* upon application
to Pit. E. J. CREELY. Pres.. 510 Golden Gat*.
FOR sale^ — 10 second-hand express wagens, one
single truck. 233 Beale at. <££jjf&[&i2!&B§Si
•FOR ««ale — M) business wagons of all kinds at
half price. 1503-5 Folsom nt.
AUCTION * ale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth st."
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons har.
ne»». work A driving horees. lSth-Valenda.
1 A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The s WeekIy. Call.
76 page*. In wrapper, for mailing.' $1 per vear
HOTB-LS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1010 Van ; Ness ave.^1
This first-class hotel, now being. conducted on
American plan, especially for famines for the
ccascn or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with . every con-
venience. The rooms ■ are large, sunny -'; and
comfortable ;' cuperb view; 'furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel : Langham,
tt. Y.. and Uo*um. UoUL Ho»olnl«. *
A— PRINTED - list of houses to let; send for dr-
i cular. G. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 20 Montgomery
$40 — HOUSE, 10 rooms; perfect condition; gas
and electric lights; front and back garden.
1623 Vallejo at-, or apply 4 Montgomery ave.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms .and bath. Box
737. Call office.
HOUSES PTTBNISHED— PQ-B SAIjZ.
FURNITURE and carpets. 5 rooms; 341 Eighth
st.; cottage for rent. Apply 9 to 12 and af-
ter 6 p. m. - • ■ -. .
FURNISHED house. 8 r. and bath; good loca-
tion: clears $S."> mo. : sell cheap. .*$ 1.1 Eddy.
£ ■:'■■': ■-'. COTTAGES TO LET.
$16 — G-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, nr. Web-
ster, bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire "No. 7.
TJTSTAXI-aiEWT BTJIXPIHTO.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaj-han* building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your ln-
ittallments lesy than rent; send for circular.
•OTV-E3TM3BITTB.
RA UE bargains — 100 American Marconis, $4 ,
1000 Rhodeiick Dhu, 28c; all other stock on
■similar terms. E. COWPER-THWAITE.
Stockton. Cal. • _^^
. .IiOST AOTP POT/HP,
THE diamond locket that I losi was about as
large as a dollar piece, only it wsj« oval
shape, with one dlamcnd set In center; plain
/ o'n other side;' a large reward will be paid;
I no questions asked. 417^j Third at.
LOST.— A passbook with the Hlberma Savings
and Loan Society of San "Francisco in the
name of LEOPOLD RICHTER. No. 272-1238.
The fined wll) please return to bank.
A NECK fur: reward, of $25 will be paid on
return of- neck fur' lost in neighborhood of
Menlo Park, San Mateo County. .' Apply-
WELJLS-FARGO AGENT, Menlo Park..
LOST— B.lacTc cocker spaniel male, pup," 5
j months old. in vicinity of Turk and Taylor,
j . Returrf'.to 121. Turk St.- and receive reward.
LOST Part of watch chain and. locket! on
Seventh St.: return to 433 Seventh and re-
•ceive liberal reward. <i
LOST — OnT Joues at.', from Market to Ellis,
gold star pin, diamond In center; liberal re-
I ward, 1234 Market st. .
LOST— Black flog, with white feet acd breast
, and. tip of tall. white; name "Duke"; reward.
3009 Jackson st. ' . * .
LOST — A passbook with the Mutual Savings
. Bank ef San Francisco. No. '176438; the finder
will please return to bank. .
LOST — On Monday evening, ladles' open-faced,
gold watch and pin; monpgr-am on back, M.
E. B.- Return <J3d Howard, receive reward.
LOST— At race track, wallet;, initials G. P. L.
Return to 603 California ft.; liberal reward..
LOST — Lodge medal: name of owner on . back.
H. BERNARD. 104 'Seventh St.; reward. . \
FOUND — The oaly chewing gum. used in polite
society— CHICLETS. , .. ' .
' ItATJKCHES FOB BJBB. . ' : . ".
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Cla'x
£*,- • f °r pleasure and. business; tel. .Bush S34-. .
MAT^SESBEB AETP PTXI.PWS.
TO' order; -renovated,' disinfected' (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. U HOPKE
- BROS... M32-84". Howard ft. : phone South 216.
• ; *. ■ : MXPiOAfc.. - ': ' -' r
LADIES who are In trouble or . suffering from
any ailment .peculiar, to 'their; sex can find
• immediate, relief . by • consulting Or. White,
the only graduate physician. In Sun Fran--
. . Cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years', experience without a-fall-
'ure has. put him at* the head. He'guaran.-
tees relief or' no ray; . •
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St., rooms 7. and. 5.
LADIES—^-Possibly ' I'm not the cheapest -nor.
yet the clde.it specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physjeian. When . in
• trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
.the unfortunate helped;- I promise best at-,
ttantlon and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or xo charge. Room. I. Eat. 14 years.
' DR. B. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny at. '
D&S. GOODWIN has returned from \ Europe;
estab. 1884 in S. F.; 26 years' experience:
female complaints only; Dra. Goodwin is well,
known to enjoy the implicit confidence of
ladles suffering from irregularities or other,
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee- low; bour*>. 2 to 4 and 0:30 to 8:30
. p. m. S50 Market st.. second floor. - '
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOStt Market st.. opp. Oth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
• guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944. Post st. '
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price. $2 60 by express. Pasteur's syr-
' Inge anil tablets; price $3.- By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD J BROTHERS.
. wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. . ■ _,
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or"
In trouble consult this specialist on female
1 complaints; positively corrected; the. unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st. '
TALBOT BARNARD, 1 Australian Nerve Spec-
ialist, has arrived ;- llfntted . number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
LADIES suffering from : Irregularities.* sick or"
In* trouble, consult Dr. Sylveste*, 219 Kearny
st. ; relief guaranteed; no drugs.no operations.
MRS. DR. GWYER, B11A Leaven worth's!. , be-"
twyen Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1128 Market.
LADIES— Kumround;- safe, sure, never fails;
. $2. Gleason-Ruggtes Drug Co.. Kearny A Clay.
DR. 'ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MSCELLAHIiOnS — POxt SAIJB.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKf
Have you a leaky -tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with. Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for "valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
U* about It. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, . boilers, pumps, .
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc... bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. : McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 183-197 Fremont st.
AN elegant assortment 'of diamonds Jewelry
and. sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
' ' menta; goods delivered on first payment.
, UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton at.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines,' boilers., water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. ' 253-255 Spear st. -
A— THE' (P.* J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
FOR sale — 10-horsepower gasoline engine; In
perfect order; reasonable price. Inquire 549
Sycamore St., Oakland. ■
REPUTABLE ' place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Btocktan tt. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY - our - men's shoes I at $1 and $1' 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; w« pay express
charges. 11 ig St., Exam, bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12.. upstairs. '
FOR sale, cheap— Family silver and plated
ware and flne books. 1436 Ellis st.
■A VERY • fine diamond > sunburst broach: a
bargal n ; $225. 10 Sixth ; st.
: ■ ; ■
! HIGHEST cash price -paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. GARIN'S. 114 Sutter st. '
STOVES disconnected and connected ; $2 50 ;
plumbing, gasfitng.409 McAllister ;tel.Mlnt 30SS
TOWET'S furniture | polish I removes spots and
_' stains; ; free delivery. 370 Fell st. ; ..;;.- 4
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
• lowest prices. Price Pump Q*>.. B23 Market st •
SAFES and ' cash registers, : new and ■ second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st. '
2D- H A ND bldg. material : ■ lumber, door, sash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market
FULL line of ' drummers' , samples In grips and
.: trunks;, for, sale 'cheap at 25 Stockton st. ..
AN elegant sealskin for ' sale for $75. - SE-
CtTRITY LOAN. & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
ROOMS* papered."-- *4 ' up: '•■«* tinting, painting.
/Hartmann paint 00..* 319 Third: Ml. Mam 413.'
DESKS bought; sold : and i exchanged. T.:- D.
i; - McCarthy Co.. 807 ; Mission st. ; tel. South 811.-
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, gale, rental;
bargains. Billiard Se Breck. 131 Post st. • :■■-
- - . . ' f - •- . ■_..-.-.' -. . ._ " ■. .
MISCEI.T^AinSOTJS — POB SHE- Con.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
_ MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery s^
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
WA-errs.
AAAAAA — Buys any amount good second-hand
clothing; special price for fancy -ladles' and
men's clothes.; 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing.Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Good second-hand, sectional bowl-
ing alley, complete; two alleys.- Box 153.
Puisun. Cal.
' WANTED — Fox . terriers, young male and
female. NATHAN JOSEPH, 604 Merchant
et. ; office hours 10 . to 12 and 4 to 6 p. m.
DIAMONDS and. precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405, Ad-
ams bldg.. 206 Kearny st.;. phone Black 3036.
Levy & Redler, highest price for gents' cast-oft
clothing, shoes; tel.' Red 1544. 615 Washington
J^J MOyST TO IiQAJT.
—MANHATTAN LOAN ' COMPANY (Inc.)—
....ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST 5% AND « PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN ANI) COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, •es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
• erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonas,
legacies and undivided Interests in prop-rty
purchased.
. MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-10S Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estaUs and undivided in-
teresti" in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly, confidential.
- When You Need Money, . '
See HERMAN MURPHY. .
~~- WILL LOAN .
A reasonable amount' on *
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate.
• In city, town or country. -
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
• ■ . of property.. . • • .
Location, etc. .
Box 223. Call office.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 1 25 Stockton St..
./ loans -money on diamonds, valuables, etc,, at
2,per cent; per month; fire 'and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on premises for free use
of customers. . "' / £- ■'■'.
SALARY IjOANS— '■ "~~- r ~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement,- knowledge of employer or
'any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
Call and get terms. Drake. 453 ParVott bid.
A— ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates;. no
'removal; no publicity;; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W-, BECKER, 3t> Geary, room-36..
HIGHLY re'apectable • private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest: Baldwin Jewelry Store,
t»O6 Market; tel. Main 1644, Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to* salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters,- bpardlns- houses, without"
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott b^g.
ON. salaries, insurance policies." chattel mort-
. gages, diamonds valuables, etc.. UNITED
LOAN. AND TrfUST CO.. 2l Stockton st..
near' Market. • *
TO 'salaried people without security; on furnl-
•tirre. Indorsed notes and other ■ s^turity. S.
•F. Discount_Agency, 125-127 Phelan bldg.
•PRIVATE— Money ' loaned on salaries without'
. security; dlamondi or .chattels; no' fee; no
t com. ; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parro'tt bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no. .commission; no publicity; .$25 'up; quick,
private., confidential. 2tt* Montgomery; rm. 21.
MONEY to. loan a^ low Interest; gold. • silver,
diamonds,* pearls and precious stones bo*ugbt
fc: W. J. HKSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
.MONEY loaned in sums from $10 upward*: rea-
•sonable Interest. A..O. Col ton, 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watchea. Jewelry;
' confd. Diamond . Parlor Jewelry. Co., 722 M.kt.
TO salaried people without security. The White
■ Co., 420 California St., rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you seo
us. Hutton Credit Co.', 912. Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room .111,. -Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds 8c Jewelry at 2 per cent
•' mo. S. F. Collateral. Loan Bank, MS Kearny.
.'f> ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAJN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
MONEY WAUTED. ,
WANTED — $700 on good real estate' security.
Address C. H.. Larin station. Cal.
*A^Nu15[Bl5R*l>F^l3Alt^
A small upright, a snap $05
Stodart. mahogany ca*"-. fine condition... $135
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert.. $145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired... $160
Bechsteln, a high-grade German instru-
ment $170
. Also a Chickering. Vouo, Stelnway, Weber,
Mason •& Hamlln. Sterling and many others.
Easy paymenta. BKNJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16
O'Farrell st. ' -.-
A GREAT opportunity — We are closing out
our w tire Seattle stock in S. F. at prices
never heard of before; all makes;- your
termi-*are our terms; .rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary St.; S. F.; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
PARTY going East must sell large Stelnway
upright;, cost $700; price, $283; will accept
payments.; no reasonable cash offer refused.
237 Oearv at. '• , - -
' BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
- per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $1S5
takes It. 237 Geary st. - .
FISCHER upright; cent. $350; will sell for $96.
237 Geary st. -
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House, 218 McAllister st. ' - . •
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2d -hand, $45 to $500.
Plerce's Piano Factory, Market and 14th sts.-
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. • BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SOHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AJTO STOBES JOLET.
MARKET.. 710 — Front suite of rooms for of-
flces; central- location. />
__ JfESSOVAXM. ;
A -WORD TO THE LADIES.
Call and Investigate MME. GILLING-
HAM'S wonderful work of art; two ladles
can be seen (one aged 72 years) at her office
dally. Why go through life with a wrinkled,
sallow. - sunken and flabby face when a sci-
entific treatment can change you to youth
and beauty? Mme. Gllllngham stands at the
head of her profession; she has no equal.
Call and be convinced.
Office/ 143 Stockton St., corner Geary.
A— A GREAT reduction - for this month only;
It Is between seasons; a special reduced rate
on prices made from Sept. 1 to Nov. 1 for
wrinkles, bagginess, pittings and freckles;
from this date I will be in my office ■ from
10 to-5 daily; -will examine your face per-
sonally. M. ELLA HARRIS, Beautyder-
mfgt, 128 Geary st. _^
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff,
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
' cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
1 DR. 'ROWJELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure "for
1 rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia, 1
sore throat, etc. ; Sold : by all druggists for
; - over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
j by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk at.. S. F.
YOUNG lawyer, flne : family. . good business
man, college bred, • residing Southern ; city,
1 desires correspondence very wealthy Western
Rlrl: object matrimony. H. P. FRY, Chat-
i tanooga. . Tenn.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
troubles. Office." 320. Starr , King bldg.- 121
Geary st. ; MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetic
specialist; ladles and gentlemen. . .
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk ■ portieres; : dealer. In
* carpet - twine In hank *. or chain. ; at - lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 700 FUth St.. Oakland.
- FANCY '■ and allk dresses - carefully -■ washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
-'.-;; lfiOT.i 2122 Fi'lmore ; st. : r phone • Geary 2053.
DEAR ; BILI^- After a cigar, chew.-a'CHIC-
■-•;let.v.j ■-: ; .. ;..;-,., ,- ; -:- ; .". ~ [„ .' ;■; '
C.5E.~ JEWETT, ■' purchasing- agent; /country
; orders. « 306 Larkln. r. 43. taL South 319.
PJB^O^A^S— Contlnaail.. .__". r
"R.E.X.R.A.D.I.O.'S ' B.U.L.L.E.T.I.N."
L.A.S.T W.E.E.K.'S "S.A.M.P.L;E.S."
"REXRADIO'S" humanized Radium (NON-
MEDICAL) healing. Benefits usually quick,
often INSTANT. Consultation free. 2 to 7
p. m. Free •'public^ healing TO-DAY. 2
and 8 p. m., 1 Fourth St.. -corner Market.
CIRCULAR. • •-..-.•
"SHE DANCES"— Crippled by paralysis for
years, feeling *gbne, dragged foot, couldn't 1
raise It or put it forward, couldn't "creep" j
1 along slowly without support; after Rex- .
1 ' radio's ONE treatment all - these trouble*
.ceased; "feeling" returned, foot didn't drag,
put tt forward fully, walked naturally with
' "long" steps and NO SUPPORT, raised foot
IS Inches. "On reaching home I actually
was able to DANCE, a thing I had never
expected to do the balance of my long life."
(NAME given.) •
"THEY CLOSE"— "My long (unclosing)
ANCHYLOSED fingers .were (last week) In-
stantly loosened and closed on my palm
' after. Rexradio's ONE treatment. Four
years doctors and medicines had utterly
failed to help. . I came from Sacramento for
treatment and am abundantly satisfied."
(NAME at offices.)
"FACIAL PARALYSIS'-*— "Cheek and lip nar-
alyxed and without feeling; ONE treatment i
: by Rexradio and feeling returned and I could J
naturally control the parts." (NAME given.) I
"NEURALGIA was. chronic and severe; ban- I
. lshed promptly last week." * (NAME given.) |
"LAMEN2S3 from cbronlc SCIATICA, prompt- 1
ly cured last week. I ran and JUMPED." |
(NAME given.) _^_^ »
"THREE SECONDS' treatment by Rexradio
made many years* 'DEAF* ear hear clearly
• at 30 feet." . (Hundreds more.)
"CONSUMPTION"— "Rexradio's treatment
(last week) astonishingly helped me." (Name
riven.)
• "DROPSY"— "My bloat was very large; last
.week Rexradio quickly reduced It." ' •
' "POWERLESS HAND"— "Couldn't ' *?rasp or
hold things in my PARALYZED hand; Rex-
radio's (one) tseatment enabled me to do
. - both naturally last wpekV* (NAME given.)
"BALMY SLEEP"— "Rexradio's SINGLE"
treatment wonderfully relieved my afflictions
and .my INSOMNIA departed. .Same; night I
. had the soundest, sweetest sleep I ever had •
In all my life. I am greatly satisfied with
these unexpected, wonderful results of Rex-'
■ radio's FIRST, treatment." (Name given.)
"QUICK AS A FLASH'-' — "Rexradio expelled
my terrible LUMBAGO and I 'bent.* touch-
Ing floor with hands; RAN and LEAPED;
all before Impossible."' (Name given.)
"RHEUMATISM"— "Could not raise feet off
floor, least movement agonizing, ilexradio's
(first) treatment kllied* all pain, removed
muscle 'contractlon.fi,'' and Instantly I threw.
my foot (painlessly) ' over the top of -a -high
chair, back." (Name given).
"DEAF MUTES" — Several recently have (by
3 'seconds'* treatment) been enabled to HEAR
and SPEAK what they heard. * CROWD of
witnesses. "DOUBT it? Well, bring some
aad watch result]*!
"ANCHYLOSED JOINTS'* have been quickly
> freed, so they moved naturally, and all '
LAMENESS ceased. •' DENY, it who may.
Rexradio CAN .and often DOES accomplish -
.. these wonders.
"OSSIFIED LA.DY'*'— Mrs. Knowles, 379 Bart-
lett. ' Joints of arms, limbs, etc.. Immovably
"solfd" for years — same as bricks Joined. by
cement— yet QNE treatment by Rexradio
• made all the Joints * move saturally. No
' maa on earth .but Rexradio could get suqh
' results. (SEE her and BE CONVINCED,)
"LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA" — Many ' -persons
' CRIPPLED by It, others literally HELP-'
• LESS, powerless, have- been quickly, 'and.
* siarvelously helped by Rexradio.
"$1000 FORFEIT" if 'above cases are not
GENUINE FACTS; . absolute PROOFS at
offices. This work is STRAIGHT, however
CROOKED persons may "deny" It.
—
■•TjARGE CIRCULAR". now ready. CROWDED
with •* MULTITUDE . of . wonderful cases.
CALL, for it. NEW circular published
WEEKLY. ' . • '
"DISTANT TREATMENTS"— Many invalids
In "remote" places have been marvelousl)
.' helped.
"BEDRIDDEN" sufferers have been quickly
(some INSTANTLY) helped and enabled to
RISE from their beds right away.
'■FREE PUBLIC HEALING" In view of au-
dlence TO-DAY. 2 and 8 p. m. Dally office
hours. 2 to 7, RADIUM HALL. 1 Fourth St..
corner Market. CUT THK OUT AND MAIL
TO SICK FRIENDS. See ads In this
column DAILY.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus-
' sels, tapestry and moq'uette; chenille curtains
woven Into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory. ,
862 Market st. Oakland; take West 8th car.
AT less than coat;' uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. Londonr
Tailor, 731 Market st. ■ - * *
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 SO
down and tl SO per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 840 Post st.. near Powell.
DETECTIVE — Private detective: all classes Ie-
gltlmate*work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS. 616 O'Farrell. Phone Sutter 2634.
H. ANDERSON. 28 O*Farreir st.— Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
EASY Installments' for Men 'and Youths. Suits
to. order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEM0S. 1127
Market St.. bet. .Seventh and Eighth.
ONE. dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
ELECTRIC" light batha; hot .and cold tub
baths. 467 Geary st.
WANTED — Worklngmen to get their winter
underwar at" P. .FELIZ'S. 852 Third it. "
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vesta, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 830 Market.
Superfluous hair removed; electrio needle. Mrs. '
Eaton.868 Butter. Ml— Baton. 233. Geary.r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60.:' dress pants $2 DO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders." GOLDSTEIN & CO.-.73S Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian • Henna restores * gray
hair to Its nautral color.$l at all druggists*.
PSTSICIANS ASO STJBOEOIT3.*
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence"
1021ft Market St., 'bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market «t; ■
REMOVED— DR. WONG . HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 113-117 Mason at., now lo-
cated, at .667 Geary ?t., near Leavenworth.
WONO WOO. the famous, herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. '746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
■ positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. -Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Suiter.
V PATENTS. .
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law; « Hobart bldg., 832 Market st.
ytTBCHASIKO AOEJCrSa.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 303 Larkln St.. room 40; tel. South 319.
SEy/iaroMAcmBxs ajtp gtyppxns.
TOE White in king of. sewing machines; runs
lightest; sews fastest; wears longest; maken
both lock and automatic stitch; If you wish
to buy or rent a sewing-machine and want
the best on earth, visit the new retail office
of the White, 915 Market st. .
ALL makes: 2d hand. $2. $3. $7, $9; new, $4. $9-
drop heads. S drawer, golden oak $15; rented'
repaired; lowest rates.- National Automatic
. B. . M. Co.. 143 Sixth »t. ; UL Jeaals 3796.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
la cheapest; second-hand all makes : at any
price: all ktrjr rented lowest rates. Domes-
, tic- office. 1051 ■ Market st.. near , Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5. $3; slightly
used $10. $16, $20; you know where the dolls
■ swing In the window. 1061 Market st.
ALL kinds I bought, sold and repairing gaaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1U13 Mission st.
STOHAOI! *AgP WA'ttEKOtrasa.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ;. furniture^
household goods stored, moved. . shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone: Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.:
. fun.lt.ure moved.. packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODdLPH Storage St Moving Co., of-
jfle* Post and Pcwell sts.: tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and : Furniture Moving Com*
pan), 2320 Fillmore st.; phona Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
•L: tel. Main 1840. Shlcolnr at cut rate*
beal rsTA*rre-rCiTT—yott
O. ' H. UMBSEN. & CO.. 20 'jjontgbmery. st.
' AUCTION
AUCTION '
AUCTION . •
AUCTION . ' *
* AUCTION * ■•
AUCTION . • *
' Of investment, j-esul'en- -e and unlmprov-4
property will be -held at our salesroom. 20
Montgomery, st.. Tuesday;.' December. «. 1904.
at X* o'clock noon . . • ' :
- : ' - REFEREE ' SALE.
. t.V>-7-'j San ' Carlos ave.' . eaat line, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth sts.; 4* flats of 3
rooms each; rent f»5 per. month; lot. 25x30;,
NO. 2.
Tenth ave-. between N arid P sts.. being lots
14. 15 and- 16' 6f. block 210 CNet> tt Ha'rfy
tract. . * .
.TRUSTEE SALE. * ;
By order of -V. S. District Court. .
1563-5 Fulton St.. .between Baker and Lyon;-
2 modern flats of.- 6-7 rooms and bath each:
would readily rent- for tt£ per monthr lot 23
xl37;«. ,. ■'. • •. . ■ ' .
, • TRUSTEE SALE.. • .*• *
.•13 Union -st..' between Kekmy and Mont-
gomery.; cottage of- 6 rooms aad lot 22:«x92:1.
HOWARD-8T. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1068 Howard sL. NW. line, between SlxtU
and Seventh ; lmprovemenU consist of store atid
a fiats of 6-7 rooms and bath each; rents %S" WJ
lot 25x90. . . .' . . . . * .
WESTERN ADDITION CpRNER.
SE. corner Grove and Buchanan, st*.; tsa-
provements consist- of store, flat sail "two-
story dwelling: cents. $S4 per month, which, ar«
low-, lot 31:3x72. *- -
CHOICE FLATS FROJITING P'AIUC.
MS-50-52 'Startyan St., east line, between
Waller and. Frederick sts.; 3 very -deslrabl?
flats of 7-19 rooms arid lath each; rents |93
per month: nicely- located and* ovtrrookln*
.Golden Gate" Park; lot "25x106:3. * * ' *
OAKrST. FLATS. .
}29-t* Oai st..' and" VSl'Vi LUy a-we... be-
tween Laguna and liachaniin- .*<ts. ;■. \ fiats. -of
. 5-4 rooms- and bath" each and 2 cottages . of 3
rooms each; rents' *GO 6O -per mgnthj' bank
mortgage of $3500 a-t « per cent can remain;
lot 25x120. ' .' . . ' •* '
MINNA-ST: INVESTMENT. ~j ■
622 Minn* st..' NW. lin*. near .Sevsoth* 3
flat** of 4-5 rooms ana- rear house, of 2 rooaas;
rents $37 per mpnj.h; lot 23x75; ar«pl«ndla
hclduig for Income and future enhancement;
bank mortgage of »250O at « per cent can re-
R1CHMO.ND PROPERTIES. ■<
SE. corner Twenty-serenth ave.- and Cltata 5
St.; size 60x100. •• • * . • ' . •
' . . .. NO: 2. . • __
North Uni? of Point Lobos av«.. neaa Twen-
ty-seventh: 27:6x1-00. • ■_ .
MENDOCINO COUNTY RANCg- . • .
160 acres on a county road. SO acres rwlwofol .
and 'sugar' pine. CO.- acres- 'tillable and'balane»
pasture land; suitable for stotk. raacn; plenty
of acorns; ' watered .by living stream ana
spring?; fine marine' view; no building*;. »•
miles from steamef landlag. 1 mile, from .Point
Arena Hot Springs. " '■■" , ' '
.For. further -particulars- ani -catalog*d« tp"^y
•at -our -office. ' . . " - •'.-■•
G. H. UMBSEN A. CO'.. 20 Montgomery «<•
J140O TO $2230. • " *,.- ■ •'.'••..• i
ti4OO tO"*230lt..-. ." . • •■-..--
■ - - Devlsadaro.'et.
. .. ; . -. • .* " '• Duto«c«*ave. '
■Thousands, of dollars Jiaye been jpent grad-
ing the new tract two blocks south of Halght.
and Devlsadero sts.. "-. . >*_'••' V.J
.' -The streets have been sewsred. -graded -and
bltumlnlied and accepted by the'clty. "• *■ .-
This tract >•* charmingly sltjuAtpd.' . It l»
protected from the wind by "Buena. Vista -Par k
on the -west and- Dubbce' Pars, .lies directly .be-
low. It . ' : ' -.•'.. • .',..*
. The views of the city -and low«r *ay ar« su-
perb. The lots are lanr*. mostly. 30-.fe«t fi\«t.
thus assurtn'z in abundance -of ilitht ani?. sun.*
Pleas* note the 'low prices. Lots on an ac-*
cepted street,', within ten', mlriutes' walk of
' Hal; at and Maricei sts., und- a choice neigh-
borhood, too. for- only- |7Q per froni-foot. .-
• - " They" are going fast.' ' • ' -
' . -..••' SS"-»o!d. to 'date. ......
■ - In order to improve the property and glv« 4t
a. character, a number of artistic house* have*
been built by the owner, -which'' will b« sold'
at. absolut* cost,, on very easy .terms. . • ' . •
How to get there: Take Haight-st car to'
De-risadero' or 8cott. . walk. two. blocks srauth. .
. . LYON- A HOAG.. *
• . • . ■ 118 Montgomery »t.. ..
• ' ' ■ • — — ■ '•"'.■
•SOME MORE SOLD. - - : '
' II 23 PER WEEK.-' .- ., *
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES, . ,
Choicest lots. Excelsior- Homestead' Tract:*
l#vel as' a billiard table: on grade; elos*- to.
fine school and- Mission street electrio ears;
bourd ta double in value. .
" $10 per month. ° no taxes, fin* -lots, near
Ocean. Boulevard: best- residence location
* south of Golden Gate Park. Qet the children
• cue for Christmas. • ' ..''.•*-• .
• . W." J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery' st.^r. ■.. Phone Main *<7P«.
POST St.. Aet. Octav.ia and Laguna ;.Ip* 23:10x
120* ft.'. 'running, through 'to rear street: rm-*
provements cor-alst of 2 cottages: -excellent*
location for moUem flats: $7506; term.9. •
Oceanside cottagei a- bargain; neat 4-room eot-
ta-e on 4Sth ave.'.; lot 25x114; $170O*.- $ini>
cash, balance llk» reryt; -price redu*ced Jor
quick sale. '.". SmH
; . • W v N. RUSSELI* . •
301 California .St.. San Francisco. ' Cal.. •
••»0<XV— CORNER lot. 100x115; *Seward and
Douglass sts. • $1730 — Corner lot. 5.1 :6x1-l<>;*
HU1 and Noe sts, $1000 — CorHe.r. 2 lots. San--
chez and Palmer sts. - Send for- our monthly
'circular.* D. COFFIN. 2523 Mission st-»
• near Twenty-flint. • . . • •
$2975 — WPLL' built modern, house, fl rooms.'
basement; porcelain bath': • large . yard : near
Geary St. cars. THORNE A KILPATRICK.
'3r2.Buah st. ' -j • .
"NEW. sunny flats. ' $70O0; half cash: Golden
Gate ave.. nea-r Ce'ntral ave.: 5 and 8 rooms,
bath; attics; 2' basements; rooms tinted and
frescoed; open dally; street .work complete. '
M.0DERN . cottages on terms; *azn» as rent.
Apply owner, lumber yard, .corner Army
and Condon sts. . * ■ .
$9600— INCOME $1020; tax paid: 4 flats. 1
blocks from 'Market st. 1517 Market st.
HOUSES built cheap: elans free; .easy, pay- |
menta. Jtoom;43C Parrott bldg. .
STANDARD* portable shower bat,hs sold by
■ Ahlbach A Mayer.- plumbera. 83ft" Howard st.
axu.r. nsTA'FE~-c&ajrrKY — tot •"*«»
FOR SALE— SAN MATEO COUNTY— IAN
PEDRO RANCHO. ' *
618 ACRES. COMPRISING THE "OLD
ADOBE" TRACT 'OF 230 ACRES. GOOD IN*
COME PAYING. AND THE POINT SAN PE-
DRO TRACT OF 2«8 ACRES, AN' EXCEP-
TION ALJ.Y GOOD SPECULATION: PRICE
*.12.<X>0; TO BE SOLD ALL TOGETHER; 13
MILES FROM NEW CITY HALL. .SAN FRAN-
CISCO. AND IN SIGHT OF CUFF HOTJSZ.
ADDRESS A. B. PATRICK * CO.. 415 FKONX
ST.. SAN- FRANCISCO.
$5000—80 ACRES of land, an under cultiva-
tion. With Improvements; In orchard section
• of Sutter County; only, three miles from
county seat and on line of new lrrigattoo
ditch. ' . •.
. A snap If taken soon, but wiir not keen.
IX. X. NEWKOM.
. . -409 Second st.. MarysvUla, Cat
$27!oOO— 210 ACRES, 2 "MILES FROM 3T.
Helena; 'most highly Improved land; 64 acres,
resistant, full bearing vineyard; homes, fin*
modern buildings (complete like city homes),
wl^h gas plant, hot and cold running water;
telephone; splendid "under ground sewer sys-
tem; latest patent plumbing, etc.. with flne
redwood park and valuable water rights.
This Is one of the most complete . country '
homes In California. For particulars' call at
. 1115 Broadway. Oakland^ room' 16, to owner.
DR. R.' E. BAUSKJBU
SALE or exchange -for city property; ssxsrtfles:
153 acres. Naps, Co.; 60 acres In cultivation;
fruit, vines and grata; fully equipped ani
paying; beautiful place; gentleman's horn*.
SHADBURNE. 405 Montgomery st. ">
■ : -<V ATTENTION. HOMESEEKER3!
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTXR CO..
eg Market st. . - , .
CONTRA Costa County real estate for sale.
• Send for list. D. J. WEST. Martlne*. Cal.
CHEAPEST and .best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, vent to any address In the
United Ftaten or Canada one year for ft.
gAlT MATXO BIAI E3TACT.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo elsctrto
cars *Z mlrfJtes from Fifth and Market sts. ;
outside the foe belt and just beyond where
the S P. Co.'s bay shore "cut-off" will Join
the main line; 50- foot lots from $400 up.
terms from $10 to $5<> down and balance at
rate of $10 a month: sewer and water pipes
In front of every- lot; sure artesian well
water; over one-half lots sold since August
1; an exceptional opportunity to secure a lot
In this desirable nectlon; take the clectrio
cars and Jret off -at "»X)MITA PARK" and
Investigate:' maps sent on application.
SELBY RODGERS *'CO..
. „',_ in California st. : Tel. Mt'i 873.
ponrrr zucxraoxro szai estate.
. ■ ■! ■ - — — ' .' ' " " " •
ELEGANT corner lot. 55x110. for sale. 9ee
owner. 917A Dolores st.
For Additional Classified AdTertto-
xnento See Page Fourteen,.
ssMBIMlsBBSBTas-MMBBa-sl-ssT "sssssswsasW WPitPi ■ ~ » BSsTsflll s»bsb»*MS si m
1314
ALAMEDA A;I)VERT:S ? MTS-
AXiASIEDA EEAL E5TATT. j
BRAND .new house, 7 fine roccit: modem; up
•.to dare; tlnished lu finest kind redwocJ; lot!
(jBxlSO: tbH Is a bargain ol lifetime; owner j
.' maapedeA -to eell; BticinaL cost. $35oO; 'own« j
' rix-nt . $20d miref can be bought for $3-^0; '
. or-n for insp«!<:Ucn all the time: come soon.
. Jirv* Veiwallle» «.ve.. nfar Enctnal. 1
WAXTEl>- Lots- «n Alameda suitable for «ub- I
dlvlsiftn; rglve size, -location and lowest cash
p''.ce;'.\vett of Park", south of Railroad -ave.; '
£T«wee» mly. Box 154S. Call offiee. Oakland. ;
wwmmmmm , *~ .^— »— — — — — i— ■ _ ■ - i
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
Jz-BEBXEXiirr^tEAX; •
: . " * . . . - . '. :■•
-. • : '—$3500— '
A- CHOICE home, on Delaware *t. Berkeley. %
■ rootr* arrd bath; lot 40x135: new and modern:
' funny exposure; fine vl^w; easy terms ot
'..'payment If "dealTed; n» trouble to show prop-
P.EALTT BONDS AND FINANCE CO- (Inc.),
11;72 Broadway, corner J^onrte«nth St..
• - ." " • Oakland.*
6 -ROOMS'; 'raodeVn;- newly renovated through-'i
. o<st; lot 5OV75; fine location In South Berk*- i
ley; 4 blocks from- Key Route; $2600; $200 j
. caii," : btlance l'ke rent. * 1
■ - .- W/ N. - RUSSELL.- . i
;' .-5.01 .Olifornla" Bt.. San Francisco. Cal. • i
FOR Mtle-^-New. 8-rocm. houre, finely furnished: :
-.'• 4' &loi;kx' i rom university; handy to. the cars:
• ■ swell •neiphborhooc!-; must be told ; price re- :
•' Vjuasd .from .$4TS"> to J ;2r.<>; one-half cash, bal- .
-. kr.** cuiu «a-rent; this ia "a 'bargain. See
' «m-ner, 2SZ4- Rerwit st..- Berkeley. .- • j
[ SE&SELET 2OOMS AOT^BOABJP.
WILSON'S Inn, 2144 University- aye.— .A fine. '■
.-modern house; central location. A. H. WIL- ;
SOW.' :. ' • ' !
FRIJITVALE ADVERT ? S'TS;
.-;• ' PEPTTYALB BEAt ESTATE. • !
CHAsfr. .f«EE.- - * Phone" Vale 295. :
• ■'.•• 1222 Frultvale ave.. ne.r station. •
• $450^Good 2-rooin house; -lot 4.1x1 UC ; i block
\o cars; nice, 'sightly; tine vifw; dirt cheap; fine.
*>3il. •.'.•■ . r ■'
.:$1150l— Neat.4-rccm. high basemrnt cottage; ■
<5ne location; .tichoolsV churches "end postoffice
B»»r. good neig-hborhpod;.lot nicely fenced; lot j
50x100. '. ' •-.-.: • ,
•Jl.T-SP^-Onf. acre rich. *an<!y lc'am soil; ne&t 3- •
room cottige'; good bam and carriage 6hed;-
larare brooder houi*. brooders, incubators,
rn.ickeh-hou!«es,.chit.k#<»-yardw. nice fence; fruit
tret*, flower* ;• fine S5-foot well: entire property
Furrounded . by -good piefcet and wire fence; an
ideal" chicken ranch; ' close to cars and fine
irhCK I-; only *f>W oahh vn'd $15 monthly. . .. .
$2?KlfA->:e*-, modern ccttage of & large rooms,
fine, reception hall. -bath, porcelain tub, patent
lotlet. large '.vantry: choice location; fine view;
2 -car l{nes one block' -away; fine school and
church c!cs* !>>••; cn!y(t200 cash; lot 50x123. -
'.: .$eoo; cash— Beautiful Jicdic. of 4 large rooms, i
high ba»»raent., concrete foundation; fine well
of. : mater: al! - : iset out in small fruits; will
jr-ake.- a- flTie chicken • ranch; jio cold fogs Qr
tiea\-}-" *ii>d*; nestles at -the base of the foot-
S;i!*:. street cai-» : .schools, church and postofflce
elope *b'y:- cn<" sandy, loam toil; nearly .one acre,
cfr -ground; price all told >2ttO0; this Is a- snap.
: WILL SELL tOV k .LOT AXD BUILD YOU
A'HOME.p.V -HASY MONTHLY- PAYMENTS.
,i~i- ICts -in. the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract;
finV. i»oi].: prand view; n»-w homes rapidly gplnr
VP".' no ccid' Tiirfd? or wet fo^s and lots only $75
«*adh;-'f* <lown. haJam-e $2 Hit p*r month.
.'";"..■"_" CHA!-: F. LKE. Fruit vale ave. • • •
iTSftlCUDICg corner lot- .on "Frultvale' ave.; 1
- 50x1-5; .$i>lendt£ly located and a .snap-. . I
. — tlyOO— Another pnap; 124x174; nearly 141
■*i-re in "fruit:, fc. block frora Frultvale ave. ; ;
> nice .home* -all around; worth $1800. BEL- ;
. .I'>rry/I11.^ .Brhadwiiy. Oakland.-.- !
UAKLAXJ> Al)VERT y S\M'T$ J
: .OfTlCE. .1010 BROADWAY* I
■';';■ .'■ OAicr^yp reai* istate. •
». ; FEW OF THE OFFERINGS in CLEAR-
iv.AXCE SALE- OP THE; SAN FRANCISCO -,
t T&AytSGS.t:XlQS "PP.OPEltTIES, ; I
-JtS.";<V-^o'xl5,'i on 20d" a\ p. ; double (rontage.
• -^330^-30x100" 6n' E. '2oth >t.;" all .street work."!
2one.-'.' •.. '■•; ' • .-- ■ r. :.,•--.. 1
"•"53s'0"-r<JOxlOi> . or- I."t-h ave.; all rtreet. work,
done... ' . .' .. • •
. -Jf<r<>f-C5jJ30 on E:"2ft;h -sr. ; all street 'Work i
do'ne. -. • • . '-■*.-. * • ■ ■
-.f«ifJO—^ 'lO4x"r2tf "on ill: Corner lot. ' !
' £ l;irtO— 75x125. 00 Webster -St.. Alameda.
: $fcf.*W2S:a30 pn 17th a.ve.
...,-Atid-lcits of ether good buys jaf $6 per foot !
and-. , up. ...'_ • - ;V'."S'*
THEY ARE GOING "F.KiST. SO IF YOU WANT :
. A SNAP- /:OM«. AND 'SKI-: US QUICKLY. I
•_• ." :-.' -J-". H/'-M-ACDOKALD &. CO.". 'J
.-"•• '■ "... • ' Esrluslve A;™ntf.- "
-.."..' -l"C52 4iroadway. Oakland.
dr.' jierbitt estate property for i
' .;■. • ■ ; ■ " • sale:' ■ • :.;- -" •
'.--. . . • ••■ •
■" W* "hjivft been appofnted exclusive, agsnti" by.;
the tirJsteVB of the Samuel M.err;tt Hospital !
tor- the. pale' of £11 the property belonging to the
laid- tensr-itsl and fronting <on JackBon, Madi- )
■son. Oak. Twelfth -and Thirteenth sts..- ipclud- ;
Ing "The V\"lll»;wi."".o"n Oak st., -extending back '
tQ L5.k« "Meiritt; recently undei' option to the ■
city of Oakland' for park purposes; also the
MerriU homestead. . - ' ' .
W« hav*. both' improvad and unimproved)
■properties- to' oKt; most desirable residence''!
•properties in Oarkiand. - •• • '
for- partiCtlars call And see vs.
j.. h. macdonald & co.
.:. - ' , . \ . J052 Broadway. '
• •■• " -. HERE IS'MY CHANCE. .
" itiat'B What You'll. Say- When you See It.
•;■"•"• OWNER. TO LEAVE CirY-. • '
. Must sellhis income property., consisting oft
two : Improvement*, in very 'good order; - large '
Jot.-, near Key Koute, clone to Telegraph aye
• .. _ -' m • ' ; ONLY $2750. . •
■ ■••" HARRt L. HOLCO'MB.-" • •
- • ■ •' ai4 San Pablo, ave., \
- Real-Ertafei • ; .' - " . -•" . "
' ■". ' ■' ...iMurance. . ' . - ..
. • "• ' _ '. ' ".Exclusive Agents. •" " . -.
"' "'BELDEN'S BARGATNS.-
$3150— ReJuqe'd Sr.om .$3750. as- owner nn)st!
sell' at one/*;- n««w 7-rootn. 2-?.tory'--'Ho«se; tjtr- "
raced: lot D0xl4»; In pretty .block; near. Key "
route station; fajsy termf. " . . --'
. $3100 — Pretty ."©-room cottatre'and' lot 40il0v»
on Adeline ?t. : few min.utes from station. ' i
$3250 — Good 6-.r«om cottage. and" lot 4-5XI60; i
Very -central. . ' - .--!•" . ■' . .- • j
$2500— Pretty-. mo-dern shinrfe .5-roow buoga- 1
;pw and- lot '. 20x120. /-near Key route etatlqn • !
ea*y terms. ■..- -.-,-'.•.■:■ - j
$230»— Nice 6-roo!j» ccttage and .lot -25x123
near Oak st: station. '■ -• • j
BELDEN REAL -ESTATE. 11 J2 Broadway •
■ . . ' . " '-■■'•' . Oakland. .- '• . ' .' " !■
:_- SEE MY'.FLpRENeE JbNES- TRACT. "
• ' 7S Lots Sold -In.'- Two "Weeks. . .
Lots $75 each up: $5-cash. 42 50 monthly; size
25x100:" in .superb «ectioh. adjoining Etft
I Oakland: you may never find such "property
"again for th». money; 5 minutes' walk to 2 j
electric car lines; near 2 large schools; ««j>y
walk to steam local train: city water; streets '
all graded and blocks fenced; very large !
trees; fronts" or> the main road of the tract: '
you can have level, medium' or high land as |
you wteh. . Call, or tend for 'circular, 455 j
Seventh St.. Oakland. H. Z. JONES. Owner. I
NICE, modern house; nearly new; near Lake 1
. Merritt; clow tn new street car extension 1
Juet put la r^erfetion, which will enhance
\alue; 7 rooms: lot 55x232: price reduced to I
. CMlOO: J200" carh, balance like rent. . j
a Oaami modern; lot 50xloo : lying high, with i
K cement rrtalning wall; lu East Oakland
n»*»r n^w Key route service; $3500; $300 each' I
balance like rent. ' 1
Mansion tn l£ast Oakland; 14 rooms; 6 lots; !
suitable for sanitarium or private hospital'
SCSOO;' c-2»y terms. Mm '
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California et.. San Francisco. Cal.
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7_r. home In Piedmont;
. ?ne n»:rhborhood : Rood location: near car
.:r,* : will u«U cheap: mctt b* nern to be ap-
preciated. /.p.:>ly to E. MORRIS. C75 36th «t. !
OASLA59^USn|T3SE 7OS SALE. I
7O-MOP.ROW the day for bargains in fornK '
tore. H. frhelhaa*. 11th ft..por.«ttore.Oaklai><i
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
EOOKS FOB EOUSIEEPWO.
DIlVANT, 421—2 sunny rooms, idceljr furnished
for- hovmrkfeplJiz; **'■
• . _ .- ' — _
ERYANT. 5J8, rear — 4 unfurnished, .clean, sun. ■
r.y h&uw keeping- rooms and yard; rent $9. * 1
BL'fc'II, 1-", — L«r2# Aindscme rmrlora. kitchen '
fur. consplftt; rent low; nr. business center.
CUHI'EH, 1S2— 3 furr.iR^ed rooms, with bath-
bmyjwlnOov ; cunny; $13 50; Castro at. car.
EI>DY. 702 — Two sunny housekeeplnc rooms.
nOOaiS POB HOPSEgESPING — Coat
ELLIS, CC5 — 2 large parlors for housekeeping;
ens ranse.; running water; also other rooms.
FELL. — Sunny "front- con. suite; hkp: cen-
tral; reasonable; bath; cas range; adults. ••
FILLMORH, U322A--3 large; connecting, sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping; gai«. . :
FOLSOM, 830 — 3 " rooms, furnished for house-
kqeplng f siusle. .$1 per week.;-
FOURTEENTH. 728— Front parlor and kitchen;
nicely furnished; bath and gae: handy to cars.
GEAUY, 1223 — Fine front, sunny, bay-window
eulte; all conveniences ; location of the best;
marine view; terms reasonable. '
GOLDEN GATE, 357— Newly furnished rooms;
hot and cold water; gas range; bath. '
GOLDEN GATE ave., CS1— Nicely furnished
rooms.; reaaofiable ; ,"? '
HAWTHORNE? *126^2~h~kpg"7rooms; gas range;
2 beds. 1 fold.'; 6 mln. walk from' Call office. I
HOWARD. JIOVh— Sunny housekeepimg rooms,,
and others; respectable; no transient. ,
HOWARD. 1&6S— Housekeeping rooms, with gas
• -range; bath; phone; also single room.
HOWARD. 1703— 2 fur- housekeeping rooms;
'•running water; gas range; bath, .etc. . j
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc.
KEARNY. 104 — Unfur." bay.window front suits
end kitchen, $20; sunny; adult?. •
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Plne^
Sunry 'furnished 3-room suites; steam heated.- ]
tlectrlc lighted: free baths; rates reasonable..
MINNA. 434— Large, airy, furnished room for
hous'Jcepplng; cook stove; $8. !
MINNA. .">46— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping. .._'.- >:
MISSION, 1723 — Large sunny front room, with
.folding bed; also single room; very reasonable.
OAK. 117 — Compl«t» for housekeeping, $• to
$12; gas range; hot bath;- ndulte.
POST. 962 — Sunny front rooms, $5, $6, $S, $10 |
month; modern; gas, bath, phone.
SEVENTEENTH. 3220— Three large housekeep-
ing rocms: cook store, bath, sink, station-
ary tub«; $12 60.
SUTTTTR, 180« — 2 unfur.: ras ranee already eet
up: low rent to permanent tenants*.
THIRDi 320— Housekeeping rooms to rent;
cheap to steady folks; all conveniences.
VAN NESS ave.. 3019 — Upper floor, unfur-
nished; every convenience; adults; $16.
WALLER, .71 — A beautiful suite of rooms; I
furnished complete; sun all day: n>w: $20. j
BOOKS TO LET — Fan. and Unftrrn..
ATKINS, ccr. Third et. and Park lane — New j
brick building; all sunny rocms; hot and cold 1
- water: electric lights; only firet-class bouse
In locality; rooms SI 50 week and up.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms •
25c to $lper night. $1 23 to $5 per week and I
light housekeeping rooms; open all nlgtot. j
AT "The Almcnte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. Jl. $1 50 night;,
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House;. over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
■ lights; running water In every room; 200 |
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
ELLIS, 1436 — Unfurnished rooms; fine sunny
corner house; references; moderate rent.
ELLIS, 1101, cor. Gough — Private family; large
'. sunny rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
EDDY, S04 — Nice single room; also house-
keeping rooms to | let.
EDDY. 1254 — A large room, suitable for two
gentlemen; hot baths; modern house; $S per
month. - .
FILLMORE.- 2208— 5 center rooms, bath; sult-
. able for dresumaklnc.
FIRST. 278 — Furnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 834 — Two sunny single rooms; closet
-. and' bath. . ":_ '*•■'• ?}
FOt'R unfurnished rooms, rent $5 month. In-
' quire at 197A Shipley «t. •
GRAND Southern. 7th and .MisMon— Rooms 35c
to $1 2.1" night; $1 50 to $6 wk..; reading-room.
GEARY] 610— Nice rooms; sinyle or double.
HOWARD. 715 — Furnished rooms, single or
double;, central location.
HOWARD. 640— Sunny front room; grate; $2 25
week;. other rooms, $4 50 month up. ;
JACKSON, '14<2 — Sunny furnished' rooms; pxl-
'. vate family; references. • .:>••-,,<
LARKIX, 606— Front furnished room; suitable
for lady; bath; reasonable.- j
KEARNY. 418 — Nice, front, sunny rooms at
. $2 50 per week: $10 per. month. .-v: -
L.IXDJBN ave., 373 — Unfurnished rooms to let. |
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny -rooms; (
• $2 50 to $7 week; baths;- elevatcr.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St. — 400
single and family rooms' 35c to $1 So per day,
$2. to js per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground 'floor, hot and cold j
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat 1
in every room and gives free baths and ele* !
• vator service day and night to Its guests. ;
MISSION'. 4547, near China ave.— Three nicely '
furnished' sunny rooms to let cheap. I
MARKET, 1104— Furnished . rooms to let. .
MISSION, 17C3 — 2 sunny furnished rooms- and
kitchen, bath and laundry.
PHILADELPHIA HOUSE. 205 Perry St.. nr
- Fourth — Nicely furnished front rooms, $1 23 j
to >2 per week. ,
PINE, 1920 — Newly furnished room; very sun- j
ny: phone, gas, bath, running water. - ; - \ II
POWELL. 19— Elegantly furnished room to tat, '
day, week or month. '
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights; !
• reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
'l.or; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month-. $8 to $30; elevator on ground,
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths, i
STOCKTON, 607 — Sunny tront room; quiet lo- '
cality; close In; suitable for two.
THE ST.' KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND 1
. -LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE- !
SUNNIEST ROOMS". IN THE CITY: NEW:
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRC LIGHTS, TELEPHONE SERV- '
ICE. HOT AND COLD 'WATER: TKVERY I
" MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR !
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Butter— New man.
' agement; new', bldg. ;. finely furnished, with
hot and cold water, steam heat and baths; f
fine location and reasonable rates.
TAYLOR, 611— Large sunny room; 2 gentle- .
men; hot water bath; $14 front; 'back $10. *
THIRD, 80S — Sunny bay-window room for
quiet man or couple: $10. -
U-NITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 400
room? 35c to $1. -night. $1 73 to $6 week; elec- !
trie. lights (no gas), running water in every
room ;' elevator; read.-room; free bos; baggage.
WINCHESTER" Hotel, 44 3d st.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms-
3Sc to $1 CO nightly; $2 to $8 we«k; elevator;
elec lights; reading-room^ free bus; baggage, j
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at J
Call branch office,' cor. Duryran and Church.
A 'BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and' subscriptions has
1 been opeced at J.008 Market «t., opposite '
Fifth. O»en unUl 11 p. m. j
BOABB.
GOUGH, 1118 — Elegant suites, single; sun" all
• day; In new, modern, detached house: beau- i
tifut grounds; elegantly fur.; central loca- 1
tlon: all conveniences: exceptional opportun.
Ity for Ist-class parties seeking select, priv-
ate home; home cooking unsurpassed; refs. j
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 801 Geary .St.— Large i
sunny rooms, board; suites* with board for 2 '
$50 mo.; single, with board, $25 up; special;
family rates; Just renovated. I
ONE large room; well furnished; running wa- '
ter; convenience of bath;*couple, $45; single
.451 Devisadero, cor. Fell; phone Page
077.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1031. near .Jefferson
Park— Sunny furnished rooms, batn; private
houae;,good board; |22; two, $35 month.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Best rooms, table and
service In the city for the leant money.
HARRISON. 670— Large su»ny front rooms,
with board, for 2; $9 and $10 r<«5 week.
HAIGHT. 218 — Furnished room for gentlemen
with or 'Without board.
HAIGHT, 332— Large sunny suite; runnlnr
water: grate; second floor: corner house.
PAGE. 254 — Room and board In .private fam-
ily; $20 month.
ROOMS with board.. I1C1 Turk at.
ROOM and board for; ladies; reasonable, 3640 I
Sixteenth et., off Market. |
BUNNY front rooms, board; parlor, piano, 1
phone. 550 Van Ness ave, -.:.-. - . *,-" f : ;
THE SAN ".FRANCISCQ.'JcALL; THURSDAY/ DECEMBER 1; 1904.
' * BOOMS^WAITTEp.
WANTED — In respectable, quiet neighborhood,
'2 unfurnished, nice . rooms and kitchen for
elderly couple: $10. to $12; best references.
Hox 1724. Call.
• BOornTG. __ ;__
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
paired- low prices; work guaranteed. Chicago
Roofing Co.. F. Herrmann, m'gr, 606 2d st.
6TOP DBINKIJfO.
GUARANTEED cure: send 80c: tablet form;
mallei In ol-ln package: has cured thou-
sands. L. U. C. CO., 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
TYPEWRITERS AKD ST/PPIiIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. 528; other . typewriters at
higher and lower .prices; rentals $2 00. Th«
Typewriter Exchange. 830 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. B08 Market.
' FSOFOSALS. ___
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted — Notice Is hereby
given that" sealed proposals will b« re-
ceived by the Board of -Directors of the
Veterans" Home of California, at Its office.
Room 13, 330. Sansome «t.. San Francisco.
California.- up to 11 o'clock a. m., Satur-
day, December 3, 1904, and opened immedi-
ately thereafter In the presence of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commissary supplies, etc., for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. California
(railroad station. Yountville. f. o. b.).- for
six months, commencing January 1, 1905,
and ending June 30. HK>5. Schedules with
Information, and instructions for submitting
bids will b« furnished upon application by
the undersigned. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules, and no
bid will be cohRidered unless It Is In ac-
cordance with such schedules. Bids must
be made on samples^«ubmltted whenever
called for in the schedule. Kach bidder must
accompany hia bid with a certified check
upon some well known and responsible
banking hclise for at least 10 per cent, of
the amount of his bid. payable, to C. Mason
Kirine. Treasurer, conditioned that the bid-
der will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance, as required
by law; The Board reserves the right
to reiect any or all bids and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Preference will be Klven ! to goods manufac-
tured or produced In this State, price, fit-
ness and quality being equal, under the pro-
visions of Section. 3247 fcf the Political Code.
Address John F. Sneeban, Secretary of -the
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home
of California. Room 13, 320 Sansome st. San
Francisco. California. By order of the Board
of Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN, Secre-
tary.
SALE of Government Property— Office D<"pot
Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery St.. Han
Francisco. Cal.. Dec. 1. 1904. — Sealed propos-
als, In triplicate, will be received at this of-
fice until 10 o'clock a. m., Tuesday, Decem-
ber 20, 15)04, and then openeH, for the pur-
chase of damaged khaki clothing, viz:- 122, 6C6
coats. 108.049 trousers < foot), 1112 trousers
. (mounted), samples of which can be seen at
this depot. Further Information and blank
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals should be
marked "Proposals for Khaki Clothing," to
be opened December 20. 1904, and addressed
to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL, Q. M., U. 8. A.,
Depot Quartermaster.
$20,000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
Of Wheatland. for sale, untaxable. bearing 8
per cent Interest; ferial 40 years; bids will
be received up to Monday, Dec. 8, 1904. cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid.
For information address R. N. MURPHY,
Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal. ■
LEQAL STOTICES.
ALL debts against A. GAZE of 225 Third St.
(cigar stand) must be presented by Dec. 1,
1904. as I am selling out. A. GAZE.
STTrTTEKIITQ AND STAXME&XVO.
EXPANSION Of MELBOURNE HcHOOL8^
Downtowji. 521 Franklin, near McAllister, 8
to 12. Open-air school, 810 Diamond St.: tel.
Capp 5173; 1 to 8 p. m. Details at either.
MAKK1AGE LICENSES.
• "^~— **
Marrlaga licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows:
John S. Sullivan, 30, -400^ Sixth street, and
Mary Sullivan. 25, 109 Morris avenue.
Will H. Becker 32, 474 Jessie street, and
Emma Hawley, 30. 474 Jessie street.
Thomas Faulkner, 39, 365 Geary -street, and
Florence G. Patterson, 34, Boston, Mass.
Lulgl Paladlno: 26, 419 Harriet street, and
Giorgla Manola, 24, 419 Harriet ] street.
II. William ,Westerfeld 21, city, and Lillian
M. K. Lubben, ls>, city.
Oscar Sahlbersr, 22. 410 Sixth street and
Belle Gulliver. VJ, 2740 Flllmore street.
George C. Homer, 21. Larkspur, and Mary
S. Wallace. 20, 194 Oak street.- -
William S. DlHer. 27, Berkeley, ~ and Ada
E. Rattan, 27, 1002 Geary street. •
Harry S. Johnson, 23, 2504 Washington
street, and Adela R. Friable, 24, 1759 Post »t.
George J. McChesney, 43, 74 Geary street,
and Cora McClure, 3.1. Haywardfl.
•William L. Paterson. 33. Portland, Ore., and
Louise A. Andrew?, 22. Portland, Ore.
David B. Barnhart, 36,. Merced, and Anna'
C. Wo!is«n. 30. Merced.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlajte and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charee.
BOIOf. " -
FITZELL— In this city. November 30. 1904. tc
. the wife of Lincoln Fltzell, a daughter. '
HOWARD— In this city. November 30, 1901,
to the wife of George Howard, a daughter.
HUNTER— In Alameda. November 29, 1004,
to the wife of Frederick L. Hunter, a
daughter.
~~ MAIIKIED. ;._/ •
DILLER— RATTAN— In this city, November
30, 1904, by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown. Wil-
liam S. Dlller of Berkeley and Ada E. Rat-
tan of this city.
SMITH— FOGERSTROM— In this city, Novem
ber 27. 1904. by the Rev. Edwin F. Browa
Alfred L. Smith and Jennie K. Fogerstrom
both of this city.
DIED.
AJax Ethel M. ' Mclnnes • John H.
Appleton. Catherine . Mayer, Ollle
Coghlan. David Meehan. Sister Mary
* Conness. Kate Michael. Minnie. C.
Cuneo, Nora Miller. . Jens N. O.
Donovan, Catherine Moore. Jamy A."
Donnelly. Thomas V. Morthensen, Jennie C.
. Ducroux. Julia Pre'ston. Mrs. Emily
English. Jerome Ritter. Martin V. •" .
Flaherty. Patrick Rohrs, Augusta
Hand. Martha Saohs, Henry
Irerrguth. Julia, Short. William
Holt. Mrs. Anna Slesbuttel, Eva M.
Hutchlnson. Wm. A. Skeltenger, Milton O.
Ingersoll. William B. Smith. Bltsha B.
Johnson, Care V. Wade. Mrs. Margaret
Kamena, Henry Walsh. Arthur J. •
Krumberg> Apnle A. Ward. Janles W-.
Leehy, John Witt, Lena H.
Loring. David "W. Whytlaw, John Ji.
AJAX— In this city. November 80. 1904, Ethel
M., beloved wife of H. T. AJax. and mother
of Hazel M. and Ruth E. AJax, a native of
Iowa, aged 29 years 4 months and 3 days. :
E7Nollce* of funeral hereafter. ' Remains
at the parlors/ of the Western Addition
Funeral Dtreptors, 1724 Devisadero street,
between Butter and IJush.
APPLETON— In this city. November SO, 190*.
Catherine Appleton, dearly beloved wife of
' L. Appleton, and devoted mother' of Fannie
T., Wallace. Alfred and Marguerite Isabella
Appleton. a native of Chatham. England,
aged 85 years and 6 months.
COGHLAN — In this city. November 30, 1904,
David, beloved husband of- Kate Coghlan,
and father of John, William, David Jr.,- Isa-
bel. James. ~M«jla 'and Arthur Coghlan a
native of County Waterford. Ireland. '
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
CONNESS— In this city. November 29, 1904,
Kate Conness, beloved wife of the ' late
s Thomas Conness, and mother of Annie and
Lottie Conness and Mrs. | Gus Bard, a native
of New York, aged 48 years 9 months and
8 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect--
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 8:30 a^m.. 'from the funeral. parlors of
Porter &* White. 423 Golden Gate avenue
thence to 8t. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem maes will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 0 a.' m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. -
CUNEO— "in this city. , November 30, 1904
Nora, beloved wife of John v Cuneo,- and
mother of Ethel, John and Bernlce Cuneo,
and daughter of Daniel and Julia. Callahan
and sister of Sophie and Katie Callahan a
native of London, England, aged 34 years
JCTThe funeral will take - Diace > Saturday,
December 3. at « a., m., from. her late-resi-
dence. 1023 Montgomery ; street. . between
Broadway and Vallejot thence to St.~ Francis
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy : Cross
Cemetery- -^SpiSffij
DONOVAN — In . this ; city. ' November 30 ' 1004
Catherine, wife of . the late Cornelius Dono-
van, devoted - mother of ; Nora : and ! Cornelius
Donovan, niece of • Mrs. White 1 and , the lata
F. J.Mona*han, Manager. "Tel. Mission 31 "
MONAHAN. O'HAM& M
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 'AND EMBALMERS
2339-23-11 Mission st.;; near ;• Nineteenth, '
San ■ FrancUco. . .
Mrs. ' Mullin. and sister-in-law. of Mrs. T.
O'Keefe: a native of County Kerry. Ireland,
ased 48 years 81 months and 3 days. . •
CT^rienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Friday)', ■ at 8:S0 a. m.. from her late resl-
. dence. 00.1 Sanchez Etreet, between Twentv-
. 'second and Twenty- thlrd,^ thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem high, mass
j wHl be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing ."at 9 a.- nv • Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. , •
DONNELLY — In Oakland. November 30, 1904,
Thomas V., beloved eon of Edward Don-
nelly, and brother of Edward A. Donnelly,
a native of Oakland, aged- 25 years and 2
months. .
DUCROUX— In' this city. November 30,. 1904,
Julia, beloved wife of Louis Ducroux, mother
of Mrs. M. Flnocchlo' mother-in-law of John
Flnocchio, grandmother of Violet Flnocchlo,
Blster-ln-law of Mrs. C. Knopf, Mrs. Ma-
calre, Mrs. Foumlguler. and stepdaughter of
T. Lefevre. a native of California, aged 38
years. . .
• ICTTuneral notice hereafter.
ENGLISH— In this city, November 28. . 1904,
Jerome, beloved husband of Anna English, •
eon of Harriet English and brother of Flor-
ence E. Hull, a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged 64 years; -
' ir^Frlends are Invited '■ to attend the
funeral .services at 1 p. ra. from his late
residence. 1724 Geary street, Thursday! De-
cember 1. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. ■ ■"■'■'... ' .
: FLAHERTY— In thls^ity, November 30, 1004,
Patrick Flaherty," dearly beloved husband- of
the late Margaret Flaherty, ' and beloved
father of P. J. M. F. and G. S. • Flaherty
and Mrs. H. Gardiner, a native of Ireland,
aged VZ years 6 months and "7 days.
{[7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 a. m.. from his late residence,
1549 Twelfth avenue South, near M street
South,, thence to All Hallows Church, where
a requiem hlirh mass will be celebrated- for.
the repose of his soul, commencing' at 9 :30
a. m. Interment' Holy Cross Cemetery.
1 HAND — In the City and County' Hospital. No-
!• vember 29, 1904 Martha Hand, a native of
New York, ag-ed 69 years.
• HERRGUTH— In thia city. November SO, 1904,
Julia Herrguth. beloved sister of Mrs.. -Anna
Sheurer and Fred Frank and Ida Herrguth,
a native of San Francisco, aged 32 years
11 months and 8 days.
HOLT— In this city, November 29, 1904, Mrs.
Anna Holt, beloved mother of Mrs, W. S.-
Morrison and Frank and Raymond Holt, a
. native of Cambridge, Mass.
ETFuneral Thursday, December 1, at 1 p.
m., from her late residence, 059 Castro street.
Interment private.
HUTCHINSON— In this city, November 29,
1904. .William A. Hutchinwn, father of Mrs.-
A. W. Graefen. Mrs. C. H. Reed and Mrs.
Dora A. Heath, a native of England, aged 79
years. • ' - '
C^Friends and acquaintances* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. December 2, at 1:30 d. m., at Pio-
neer Hall. Remains at parlors of California
Undertaking Company. 405 Powell street. In-
terment private, at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.-
! INGERSOLL— In Oakland, November 30; 1904,.
! William B» Ingersoil. a . native of Massa-
1 chusetts, aged 70 years. \
JOHNSON — In this city, November 28. 1904,
Care Victor Johnson, beloved husband. Of
Annie D Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged'
i 42 years 4 months and 22 days. (Oregon
I papers please copy.) ' ; • •
i (E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
today (Thursday), .November 30, 1904.
at 1 p. m.. at his late residence. 5S3 Lom--
bard street, corner of Powell. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. . .
KAMENA — In Oakland. November 30, 19Oi,
Henry, beloved husband of Mary Kamena,
and beloved father of Joseph H.. George J.
and William T. Kamena. Mrs. Henry Wie-
gand, Mrs. John Sheehan.and the late James
E. and Marguerite •- Kamena, a native of
Germany.
CT" Remains at James McGinn & Co. s. 314-
Eddy street. ■ . . ■ ■ • -
KRUMBERO — In this city. November 30, 1904,
Annie A. Krumberg, dearly beloved daughter
of Julius and Emma Schoknecht. loving sis-
ter of William. Emma and Lizzie Krumbery,-
and granddaughter of Mrs. Sophia Hahn, a
native of San Francisco, aged 16 years 5
months and lft days. ■
LEEHY— In this city, November 29, 1904; John ;
Leehy, a native of ■ Ireland, I aged 40 years* ;
A member of Pacific Coast Marine Fire-
man's Union.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 a. m.. from the parlors •;
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. U"l Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. •
LORING — In Berkeley. November .30,: 1904,
David W. Loring, a native of Boston, Mass.,'
aged 68 years..
C?" Friends and acquaintances are invited
to attend the funeral service at his home-,
2345 Channlng way, Berkeley, on Friday,
December 2, at 1 p. m. 1
McINNES— In this city.' November 28.- 1904,
John H-. beloved husband of Bessie H. Mc-
lnnes. and father of Hugh Andrew Mclnnes.
a native of the Isle of Skye, Inverness-shlre,
Scotland aged . 68 years 2 months and 21
days. Past Royal Chief of the Scottish
Thistle Club and member- of Clan .Frauer
"and Lady'Lovet Auxiliary.- - -
(ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect--
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9: 30 'a. m., from the parlors
of Craig Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden Gate
avenue, between Polk, and Larkin streets.
Interment Sausallto Cemetery by 11 a. m.
Saueallto boat.
MAYER— In this city. November 30, J904.
Ollle Mayer, dearly beloved wife of August
W. Mayer, daughter' of Mrs; E. R. Van La*,
and sister of Len Van Law. a native of 1
Illinois aged 43 years 6 months and 9 days.-|
JC7" Friends can view the remains at the j
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street between Seventh and Eighth, to-day
(Thursday). December 1, until 3:30 p. m. In-
. terment Los" Angeles, Cal. j
MEEHAN— In this city. November 29, 19C4,
Sister Mary Hilary Meehan. Sister pf Mercy,
beloved daughter of Margaret, and the late
John Meghan, and sister of W: E. and Kate'
Meehan and 'Mrs. E. Van Praag. a native
of Santa Cruz. Cal.. aged 34 years 9 months
and 20 days.
JETFrJends a»e Invited to attend a re-
quiem high mass to-day (Thursday),
. which will be celebrated for the repose o£
her soul, commencing at 9 a. m.. at the
• Chapel of the Passion, attached to St. Mary's
Hospital, corner of First and Bryant streets.
Ipterment private. THoly Cross Cemetery.
MICHAEL— In this j city. November 30. 1904.
at the residence S3 Sharon street, Minnie
Christiana, beloved daughter of .G. W.
Michael and the late Louisa J. Michael, and
elster of Harry L., Charles W., Robert -W.,
John • and Helen . and the late Wilfred
Michael, a native of San Francisco, aged 14
years 11 months- and 5 days.
• - E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MILLBR— In this cliy. November 29. 1904. {
Jens \N. O., beloved husband " of Mathilda I
' Miller and father, of Mrs. Olga Hansen arid
George Miller, a native of Elslnore; Den-
: mark, aged 65 years 11 months and 20 days.
■E?Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited "to attend the funeral to-day!
(Thursday) December 1, 1904. at 10 a. m., 1
from the parlors of the Western Addition 1
' Funeral Directors,. 1724 Devisadero street,
between Sutter" r and Bush." Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by 11:30 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend "streets.
MOORE— In Oakland. November 30, 1904, at
• 610 Fifth street. James A. Moore, beloved
husband of Bessie Moore, and father; of L?e
and the late Gladys and Leslie Moore, a
native of Nova Scotia, aged 52 years 4
months and 17 days. A member of the U.
P. E. C. No. 13 : of West Oakland.
MORTHENSEN— In Oakland. November 30,
1904. Jennie C.. ■ beloved wife of Hans B.
Morthensen, ' daughter of Christian and
Emella Jorgensen, and sister of Jorgen and
Henry Jorgensen ; and Mrs. Christina Jo-
hanhsen, .a native : of , Norway, aged 26 years
- 11 months and 26 days.
PRESTON— In this city. November 28, 1904,
Mrs. Emily Preston, widow of the late Jo-
- »eph Preston, mother of Hazel D. and Ira
Preston, daughter of William Mund, and
. sister of Edith Mund and Mrs. W. C. Craw-
ford, a native of dan > Francisco, aged 36
• years 11 months and 11 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 1. at 2 :30 p. m.. from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 940 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RITTER— In this' city. November 29, 1904.
Martin V. . Rlttev, beloved husband of Prls-
cllla Ritter, ; and loving father of Emma
Robblns. a . native . of Cleveland. -', Ohio, aged
, 67 years 5 months and 2 days* A -member
. of George H; Thomas Post No. 2. G. A. Rr,
and Franklin Lodge No.. 44, A. O. U.. W.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited . to attend the ; funeral* Friday,
at 1 :30 p. m., from the funeral ; parlors of !
Porter &■ White. 423 Golden Gate avenue. I
Interment . Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ROHRS— In ' this city, November 29 19C4,
. Augusta Rohrs. dearly beloved wife- of
George. H. Rohr?, • beloved daughter of
•August Crome. and elster of Mrs. Amelia
Waltz of Cincinnati. -Mrs. Minnie Rankin
r and'Edward and Edith Crome. a 7 native 'of
' Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 44 years 3 months and
14. days.. 4 (Cincinnati • papers please* copy.)
CTFrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
\ (Friday) . at 1 "- p/ ■ m.; from •■ her .- late resi-
- dence, 1701 ',4 Jones street. Interment Mount
Olivet ' Cemetery.
SACHS-^n this city, November 30, 1904,
■ Henry,'; beloved husband of . Ella • Sachs, and
father of Henry Newell Sachs, . and . beloved
. son of ; Lippmann and ■ Mary Sachs, ' and be-
loved brother of Amson - Sachs. Mrs. . E. '• M.
Heller and Mrs. Albert : Baruch.'; a native of
" San : Francisco, aged ■ 36 years 11 months and
• 4- days;.-".'. - ' ■ ■- ' ' : \ , .' - -
■ icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully ; Invited to attend the funeral' services
.! to-morrow. (Friday), at 10 a. m., at the. resl-
•': "dence. of ' his father, '• S20 ■ Post , street. ■' ' Inter-
'- ment , private. Home of ; Peace . Cemetery, by
': special . train - leaving Third ' and Townsend
... . streets »t:ll:40 a.;m. Please omit flowers. '
8HORT— -In the ' City ■ and County Hospital,
. . November ' 30, . 1904, 'William' Short.- a' native
; '< of Delaware, aged; 62 years. .
SIESBUTTEL— In this city. November 28 : *
1904. ;Eva Margaret.-; wife of the late Daniel
: Siesbuttel.' beloved ; mother of • Alexander I and
" Maurice i C. Stesbutte^ ;•; and : sister lof.M'iC
■ >■■ Gimcel and > the ■ late . Henry ; Glmpel : of s New
York. Mrs. 'A. Siesbuttel . and Mrs. '■ Fred
Ilsohn. 'a native of Hesse- Cassel. Germany..
. agqd 70 years 9. month« and 2 . days. - •
ETTrlends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully Invited to Attend the funeral services
Thursday. December 1,. 1004. at 2 p. nt. at
her late residence. 23 Twenty-eighth street.
Cremation I. O. O. F ; Cemetery.
.SKELLENGER— In this city. November 30.
1004, Milton O. youngest and dearly beloved
son of Fred and . Margaret Skellenger, and
loving brother of Fred, Mervln and Harry
Sheran Skellenger ' a native, of Caltotoga,
Cal.. aged 9 months and 21 days.-
liyFriends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral td-morrow
(Friday). December 2, at 10 a. m.. from" the
residence of. Mr. C. B. Kltch, 2517 Mission
etreet, between- Twenty-first and Twenty-
second. . '. ' • " ' . . V
SMITH — In Hartford. Conn... November 7,
1U04, Elisha B., -.beloved husband of Kath-
erlrie Soencer. Smith, a native of Walllng-
ford. Conn., and late of Lakeside Park. Lake
Tahoe, Cal..' aged 74 years and 8 months.
WADE — In this city. November 29, 1904 Mrs.
Margaret Wade, widow .of the late Philip
W. Wade, and ulster of Mrs. John Sheehy
and the late. Mrs. James "R. Kelly, a native
of Ireland. ' ■ ' . '.
CTThe funeral will take • place to-day
• (Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of Carew & -English.- 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Bonlface'3 Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re.-
pose of her soul, commencing at S a. ni.
Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery. ' '
WALSH— In Oakland. November SO. 1904, Ar-
thur James, dearly beloved son of Frank
■ and Nellie "Walsh, and- brother of George.
Annie and Emily Walsh; a native of San
Fra hciaeo. aged -17 years - 3 months and 11
days. • '
WARDr-In this city. November 30.. 1904. at 1
9 Harrison avenue, 'James W. 'Ward, be-
loved cousin of James and Nell McCarthy,
. a native of County Donegal. Ireland, 'aged
70. yeart.
WITT— In this city, November SO. 1904, Lena
Henrietta, dearly beloved wife of Otto' W.
: Witt, mother of Harry Witt, daughter - of .
Mrs. H. A. : Steftens. and Bister of Charles
B. Alohr and the late i'. Henry Mohr. a na-
.. tlv£-of,San Francisco, aged 27 yeans- and 4
■months. ■ ■ •
ICT'Friend* and acquaintances are respect-.'
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). December 2, at 2:30 'p. m.\ 'from
the residence of fier .mother, .1808 Larkl-n
street, between Jackson and Pacific. Cre-.
.matlon I. O. O.- F: Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
WHYTLAW-^-In this city. November 30. 1904,
• John Newton Whytlaw, a. native of Ml?«ls-
'slppi. aged 7C years 2 months and 5. days.
QARD OF THANKS.
We deslre v to our--slncere -thanks
to our many friends 'fpr the kindness and
■sympathy extended to 'us In our late . be-
reavement In the death ot my dear wife, 1
Julia Stevenot. J
: LOUIS STEVENOT- and family. |
REAL- ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.'
WEDNESDAY. NOVEMBER 30.
.Estate of Maggie Hochstadter (by Millie F.
I Sonnenberk, administratrix) to -Charles ' J.
, Deerlng," lot on N line of Broadway, 197' "W
of Gough street, W 33 by N 'l37:8f $-H — .
I Charles J. and' Maude E. Deerln? to Union
Trust Company, lot on N line of Broadway,
182:6 E of Octav.la etreet, E 83 by J* 137:6;
$io. ' ■ / • :
. Henry W. Attenborouith to M: T.. Syming
ton, lot on S 1 inf. of Sacramento street, '104:3
•W of Wete.ter. \V 25 by S 132:7^i: also lot
on \V line of Sixth avenue, 175 S of A street,
W 120 by S 25; also' lot on B line of Eighth
avenue, 150 N of .B street, E 120 by N 25;
I 510- " . ' •
1 Phebe- A. Hearst to Sophie McKay (wife
of John H.). lot on" S line of Sacramento Btreet,
137:6 E of Laurel, E.18:8 by -S 132:7%;
*10. " " • .
Joseph J. Fclvey to Cathe" Felvey, lot
on -W line of Valencia "street. 382:6 N
of Sixteenth, N 30 by \V 90; also lot on N-W
line of Jessie street. 275 SW of Fifth. SW
22:6 by NW SO'; also lot on W line of Bry
ant .street, 206 N of Twenty-fifth,'. N- 7$ by W
100; flO. ' . ..-.,-
William H. and Mary It Wolf to Gustave,.
Frederick and David Woerner. lot on- S line
of Fourteenth street, 150 E of Foliom, E 25 '
by S 100: $10. ■ -. '
James Kearney" to Margaret Powleson, . "lot
on N ■ . line of • Eighteenth street. 135 W of
Church, W 27:6 i>y N 136:9, SB 28:9, S5 128;
*10.' .. • '
Rosalind Lazarus (wife of Sylvaln J.) and
Adolph Siebrecht to Antonio Torre, lot on N'E
corner pf Fourteenth and Walter streets: E 5i>
by N 03: J10.
Gustav. Siebrecht to saine, lot on K lrhe'of
Fourteenth streetT"175 W of. Sanchez. W : 25
by N 03: *10. • " "
James" G. and. Mary J. Holmes to Mary
Lynch, lot on 8 line of Twenty-third street,
60 E of York, E 25 by' S 1W; $10.. . '
| Lulu or Lulu .e: and Harry Schwartz to'
: Charles H. Brockhoff, lot on S line of-Twenty
forrtti street, SO E of Alabama. E 23 by. S.
Martha Gl Krull to Lydia Krull." lot on W
lln*. of -Alabama street. .165 S of Twehty-nfth. '
S 28 by W 100; JIO.
Lydia- Krull to John Artui, same; J10.-. j
• Neil and Annie Reardon to Michael L. Smith !
lot on- W line of Castro 'street, 110 S of Twen- :
tleth, S 23 by W 123; $10.
German Saving? and Loan Society to Sage'
Watson, lot on W line -of Eureka street, .73
N of .Nineteenth. "N 24 by W 83; J10
William E. and Llzzetta' M. Brodersen ' to
T. J« and Belle t. Schofleld. lot on N line pf ;
Twenty-flfth street, 292:6 W of .Diamond W '
27:6 by N 114; $650. • • •'
Annie A.. Barton' and Helen A. Dunning
(trustees William A. Aldrlch) to George A.
Webster, lot on W line of Sansome street,
76:8 S of Broadway. S 37:7, W 137:6 N 45:6.
E 37:6, S 7:1-1, E }00; $15,250.
. John J. and Margarethe von Bergen or* Van
Bepgen to. Louis. C. and Adeline B. Buck lot
on S line of "Clay street, 4E:6 E of Kearay.
S 43:3, E 4:4, S J8, E'll:8, N 61:3, W 16; $10.
! City and county of San Franclsc© to Henry
Myers, lot on NW line of Howard street '315
NK of Fourth, NB 60 by NW 80; $ . ' .
Mary J. Cassldy (trustee Alice Colleton)' to
James A. Colleton. lot on NW line of Bryant
street. 220 SW of Third, SW 25 by NW 80; J10.
James A. and Frances Colleton to James
and Mary A. Comlsky, same, quitclaim deed:
$10. - •
Emll S. GulllxSon to D. Cavalier de Croze,
lot on SE line of Clary street, 75 SW of Fifth
SW 25 by SE 80; $10."
C, Meyer Estate Company to- Agnes 'E.
Troyer. lot on NW line of Stevenson street,
475 SW of Sixth. SW 25 by NW 75; $10.
Ellen Dalton to William Ede Company, lot
- on SW line of Harriet" street, 75 SE of "Bran-'
nan. SE 25 by SW 75; $10.
Kmllle Welsenborn* to Alfred and Agnes
Herman', lot qn. NW line of'Folsom street, 175
NE of Eighth, NE 25* by NW 160; also lot
on SW corner of Folsom and Twenty-second
.streets, S S2 by. W 100; also lot on' SE cftrner.
of Chestnut ajid Baker streets, E 137:6 by .S
137:6; also 'lot on NE corner of Baker and
Chestnut streets, N 137:6 by E 137:6; gift.
California Investment and Financial Cam- '
pacy to Thomas- W. Huntlngton. ilot on SE
•line of Bryant street, 412:0 SW of Seventh. '
SW 56:3 by SE 275; $10. ■ i
.Mary F. Rlmllnger (Sullivan) ta J. A. Dow-"
ling. lot on W line of Kansas street. 250 8
of Twenty-second; S 25 by W 100; $10.
Annie Vredenburgh et al. (by A. E. Beck,
commissioner) to A. B." Martin, lot on SW
corner of Thirty-first avenue and I street W
132:6 by, S 100; $820.' -
Solomon and .Dora Getz to Richard H. Good;
lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 100 S o* L
street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Richard H. Good to Bernard Getz, game; $10"-
Maria V. Ballard (wife of John) to Colim
blan Banking Company, lots -1740 to 1740, gift'
map 4; also lot-, on NW corner of Eleventh
avenue ■ and L street,'. NW 420, S 100 SE
420, NE 100, . bejng lot B, block 229, South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad As
sociation; also lot 80, block 220, Central Park
Homestead Association: $10.
Charles 8. Capp to Henry and Louisa Ickler,
1st on N corner of Sadowa street and NW line
of San Jose avenue. W 100 by N 125, tot 5,
block H, Railroad Homestead, quitclaim
deed; $1. .
Alvlna.J. Lafarlat to same, same; $10.
Samuel Morgenstern to Gustav Malwald. lots
23 and 24. block Q, Park Lane Tract No 3;
$10.
Julius C. Rels tn John Schafer, lot 46, block !
45. Rels Tract: grant ' j
McEwen Bros, to John H. Farrell, lot on !
N line of East Park street, 379:4% E of
Holly Park avenue. E *25 by N 100, lot 10,
block 6. Holly Park; $10. | . l
San Francisco Savings Union to Gussle M.
and Emlllo B. Emmrlch. lot on NW. corner of
, Cortland avenue and Anderson street. W 56. CS
N 69.03, E 56. S 72.33, gift map 1; $10.
Julius C. Rels to Cornelius McCarthy, lots
31 and 32. block 43. Rels Tract; grant.
Thomas S. nnd Emma Atherstone to Charles
Bone: lot 7, block X, Park Lape Tract, map
No. 3; S10.
Thomas W. and Katherlne A. Rivers to
Charles F. Martin,' lots 42 lo 44. 31 to 53
Haley map 1. Preclta Valley ;^f 10. -
Builders* Contracts.
Florence G, Perlne and Jennie G. MacKln
lay (owner*) with E. Norman & Son (con
tractors), architect Nathaniel Blalsdell— Paint
ing, etc.. for two. three-story frame buildlnjrs
on. S line of Hayes street. ; 85:0 E of Frank
lin. E 51:9 by S 120, Western Addition 73
$17C0. '
Mayor Declines Presidency.
Mayor E. E. Schmltz, when offered
the position .of president of the Musi
cians' Union for the foutrh term, de
clined the honor. In his declination
he said the duties of Mayor occupied
all his time, and, as the people ex
pected him to devote his time to their
interests, he was going'to do so as far
as in his power. He thanked the
members of his union for their devo
tion." and confidence. .
ON THE WAR.— An illustrated
lecture on . the. Russo-Japanese war win - be
given in the Y.iM.C. A. auditorium to-morrow
night] by 7 Bishop M.\ C .Harris. < Battle scene*
f icra ; the - beginning " of the - conflict •> until the
battle i of Llaoyang; will be * shown. ■
AGED COUPLE
TO WED TO -DAY
Mrs. Rosina Cohen, Former
Belle of' San Francisco,
to Marry Louis A.. Levy
NEWS IS A SURPRISE
Plans, of; the Prospective
Bride and Groom Revealed
by the Marriage ' License
Considerable interest was- evinced in
local Jewish circles yesterday 'when the
announcement was made that Louis
A. Levy, one of San Francisco's oldest
and best known citizens, had secured a
license to marry" Mrs'. Jtoslna Cohen.
The intended husband . is about 70'
years- of age and. the- prospective bride
about 50. It was said yesterday, that
the marriage cerembny will be per
formed to-day by a Judge of the Sur
poi-Ior Court and immediately, after the
ceremony the. couple- will depart on a
.wedding tour, going first to Los An
geles and thence "eastward to the. other
side of the Atlantic- .'* •
Louis A. Levy has been for' many
years* Identified with" the hotel business
in San- -Francisco. He now " includes
among his holdings the- Ricehlieu
Hotel . property ' and the' Montrdse
Hotel . near by. ' About eighteen
months ago his- wife djed "and for
several months Levy has been living
at the- St. Francis/ Hotel with his step
daughter, Mrs. Leopold Michers, wife
of .the well-known capitalist and- a
stockholder in the big hQStelry-. ; Mrs.
Cohen is the widow of Rudolph .Cohen,
a .pioneer merchant -of the Coast. In
her'maidenhood, as Miss Stolz.-B.he was
regarded as one pf the prettiest, belles
of San Francisco. •
The announcement of her- engage
ment to Levy came as a" surprise to
the ' relatives arid, friends of both, who
were busily- engaged yesterday in .dls~
cussing the' approaching wedding of
the couple. • . • : •: ,. .-.
DAUGHTERS OF
CONFEDERACY'S
CHARITY BALL
BY SAULY SHARP,
The Albert Sidney Johnston Chapter
of' the. Daughters- of the Confederacy is
.again to the fore, with Its charity bail;
to be given on Monday night .at the
Palace. ■ . .-.,".
.' Great things are expected of this one
big charity ball of San Francisco.
Charity balls'- ar.e always interesting
functions, but thfs of the appreciative
"Southern daughters is distinctively a
feature of the social activities of this
"Western, burg.- -j$i*9 " ."" •
Besides the rare good fun that's
promised — and acceptances to Mrs.
Alfred "Hunter Voorhies show a splen
did foregathering of the smajt set
there is the noble purpose underlying it
all— the caring for the poor old chaps,
who .wore the gray. •" c ;
For the Federal soldiers without the
comforts of living- good . homes- are
maintained by the .national Governs
ment. For the other brave fellows who
follow-ed* where they thought was right
" — and lost — there is no haven in the
afterglow" of life. And thus is > it the
chosen task of the Albert Sidney John
s"ton. Chapter of Confederate Daughters
to make easier the lives of the men who
wore the'gray. .And success to the ball: ,
Good fun for those who jelect to at
tend! And comfort- to the poor old
chaps left lonely in this big wide West!'
• ...•".• '
The managers of the Buford Free
Kindergarten will give their 1 annual
bazaar for the benefit of the Kinder
garten Saturday, December 3. The
sale will be held- at the home of Mrs.
Harry Durbrow, 2308 Jackson street,
and wilt consist of dolls, candy, utility
articles "and dainty work" of all
kinds.
TECHNICAL. SOCIETY WILlL
BEGIN ITS SESSIONS TO-DAY
Prominent Speakers Will- Address
Meeting in Assembly Hall in *
.Mechanics' Institute. " .
. The .autumnal meeting of the. Tech
nical Sdcietyof the Pacific Coast will
begin to-night' In the Assembly Hall
of .the Mechanics' Institute*. President
Dickie will open the session with a
greeting of welcome. " Robert McFJ
Doble will then read a paper entitled
"Hydro-Electric Power Development
and Transmission in California." To
morrow the session will begin at 2
o'clock. Papers will be read by
George W. Nichols, James C. Bennett
and Frank P. Medina. The evening
session will begfn at 8 6'clock. The
speakers will be v Edward T. Hewitt
and John Richards.
At the afternoon session on Satur
day papers will be read. by Marsden
Manson and Otto von Geldern. The
meeting will wind up with a banquet
at the Occidental Hotel on Saturday
evening.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page 15.
Afternoon Session.
3300 Bullfrog Mln. 551 200 Ton Exten ..2 0O
2000 Dixie Mln Co. 20|100 Ton Gold Mt. 17
200 Goldfleld Mln. BSIlUOu Ton MWway.. 33
1C72 Jumbo Ex •- IS; 500 Ton Midway.. 32
1C0O N Y Ton Con 121 ICO Ton N Star... 27
5W Red Top 14 300 Ton N Star. .". 2tf
1000 Rescue Oil 1300 Ton N Star... 1 23
200 Sandstorm ... 34' too Ton N Star... 24
600 Ton Cash Boy 111
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. *
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Adams "» 10 Lucky Tom.. 02 ©5
Austin G M. 20 — MacN'amara .. 22 Si
Black Ants .. — 10 Mlzpah Ex . . — 13
Black Batte.: IB — Mont Ton ..1 70 1 72Vi
Blue Bull... — 18NYTConM. — l'j
Booth M Co. 12 — JPaymaster ... O3 04
Columbia .... IS KlQuincy 08 _
Dlamondneld. 25 28 Ray Exten .. — OS
Eeperanza ... — 01 Ray & O'Brien 03 C8
Gipsy Queen.. — 25 Red Top 13 i ?
Gold Anchor. — 22 Rescue ... ©« „£,
Goldfleld B Bl — 13|Rothwell G M. 11 501
GoldrteM B&B 07 — iSandatorm ... 35 30
GMdfleld Dmd — 20|Ton Belmont.. 70 71
GIdnd Gt Bnd — KSITon & Cal.... 15 «(,
Goldfleld Mln. 5S nO|Ton Cash Boy. — i» |
Goldfleld Mhk — 20|Ton Exten . . 1 05 2 oS
Goldfleld S Pk — 18[Ton & Gt XV. — o n
Goldfleld Ton. — lOITon Gold Mt. 16 17 i
Gold Mt Con. — O2ITon Midway.. 32 33!
Hazel Kirk .. — 12 Ton of Nev.9 25 9 37 u ;
Jim Butler.. 63 60 Ton N. SUr... 24 "»tr
Jumbo ....... B3 BRIUtopla lft j
Jumbo Ex ... 17 lRlVernal . Mln ..07 10
tatu»Ton =;. 35 431 -. r
FIRE ENVELOPS
A SANITARIUM
Hundred Patients Endanger
ed by the Flames in Hospi
tal in Pueblo, Colorado
NO LIVES ARE LOST
Woman .Calmly Directs the
Removal of inmates, but
Blaze Is Soon Put Out
' . PUEBLO, Colo., Nov. 30.— What threat
■ ened to be 'one of the most disastrous
1 fire's in the history of the qity broke out
in the sanitarium -section of St. Mary's
Hospital at 1:15 o'clock this afternoon.
I and in a. short, time flames and. smoke
} wefe Issuing from the roof of the im
mense structure In' a . manner that
seemed to threaten the lives of the hun
dred or more patients, nurses and at
tendants. A constant stream of strech
! ers, on" which wefe patients of most
• every sort,, issued from the various
doors of'th'e threatened portions of .the
building for twenty minutes: Some of
these were placed' In '.the; ambulances'
sent to the scene by the other -hospitals
; and JTrom the. various undertaking; es
tablishments. The. clan? of the ambu
lance gongs as they- rushed- hijther and
thither, • mingled with the roar of the
flames and the shouts of the firemen,
the noise of. the fire engines '.and the
■ dense - clouds of smoke.' combined to
create pandemonium: ' ' : •
A general alarm was turned fa and
the.- entire fire department responded
quickly. All' -was confusion, but' Sister
Phillips remained cool,' directing her.
attention to the nurses and the doctors^
having those who were believed, to .be
most In danger j removed first. It was
not long before It was seenthat the fire'
was under control, and then the pa-.
tienis were removed from the east .end
of ' the.- building to rooms' where the,
water smoke had not. caused any
inconvenience. '-•' -•."• " •• ". • " •.'
The excitement was over within forty-
five minutes. from the time the fire Was;
discovered. , The prompt woffc. -by t^er
firemen and attendants- kept" ."the. fir*,
confined "to. the fifjh std'ry.of the. build r '
ing, where there., wefe . : only .'• 'five -.'pa
tients. .-The • -property. foaS -wasv only.
$25,000. .•• ••••;.- -■ :'■. ■-.;■ ';•/■••:: ■-'.-' ' ■;'
' One of the. nrem.enwas'cut : 'off .frdm
escape ahd was removed lp.'an trriconr
scious condition....' ..."•"'•• •'/•' •■■■"'■■. '.'■•''■
JONES SUBDUES
ARTFUL TIGERS
Champions Look Like.. Band;
; of Bush Xeagjiers Before
•First Game Is Half Over
- W' - H*r{ ■■':. V
The Angels and the Tigers mixed it
In the. first skirmish of a .post season
series yesterday at Recreation Park.
The. stars from Tacornra looked mcfre
like bush l<*ague-rs than 'champions
after the' southern band had finished
trimming them; up. Mike's stellar
collection, aided by .St. Louis Danny
Shay af.shor^. -never" figured, and- the
finish tould be seen .many rounds be-,
fore it came. Score:" Los" Angeles 6,
Tacoma 0. VjSJI " ' „•" -•"'"'•
Oscar Jones, who used ' to- • unwind
curves for. Mr. Morley before he. be
came a big, league attraction, was one
of the main performers out: at the
game. He -looked dangerous when- the
Tigers came to bat, and all they did
throughout the game was tp swing
their heads off and hit nothing. .They
never -had more than one man on the
sacks at a time .and- never came near
scoring." "'. . ' ." ■ • -.;->'
• Demure little Willie Thomas 'was
treated.- to quite a thumping; and be-,
sides this three errors^two' by Danny
Shay and one " by Cap ' CJVaham — did
much to put' him in a hole and let
the Angels get runs. '.Thomas was.
lucky they did not .make a few more
6ff him, for several good-hard .drives
went right into the mitts, of waitjng
outfielders/ ' • .
CraVath poked, out a home run over
the right field fence In the- " sixth
spasm. Brashear responded'"wlth threo
hits. out of -four trips to the plate.*
The field was wet and soggy, but at
that the work of the .lnflelders was
fa'lrly fast and two neat double plays
were pulled off. • Hlldebrand played
left field for the Angels, and besides
making four clever catches he bit off
a double and scored a" sacrifice.
There was- little or no Inferest at-*
tached to the meeting,,- and a slim
crowd' turned Oxit. Newton and Over
all will battle on the slab to-day, and
as this will be their first conflict In
this city it 'should create some inter
est. After playing five games in this
city the. two teams wilj Journey to Los
Angeles, wljere. five more will take
place. The score: • • ' "
TACOMA— " I/3S ANr,Ft.FS —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. V.A.
Doyle, rr 4 » 0 'J 0 Hlldbr.lf .", i> \ 4 i»
Shay. ■ 4 ft .0 O 2 Flood. 2b 5 0 1 a ;:
$=heean.3b 4 0 0 3 5 Cravth.rf 5 111 O
Nrdyk.lb 2 0 o' 8 (VSmlth.3b 3 . 2* I 1 ::
I>yncb.cf 3 O 0 4 0 Chase, of 4. 1 1 .-. o
Kaym,2b .1 0 1 « Z^rash.lb 4 ft 3 ft »
McLsn.lf S ft 1 S OlToman, » 4 0ft 4 1
Grahm.c 3 0 112 Spies, c 4 1 1 5 I
Thcmas.p 3 0 0 0 1 Jones, p 4 !• 2 O 2
* Totals.29 O 3'27 12t Totals. 30 G 11 27 10
RVXS AND HITS BY INN'IXOS. . "
Los Angeles' O 0 &• 1 0 1* 0 2 2— «
Base hits ft 1 11 2 2 ft 2 2—11
Tacoma ft 0 0 0 ft 0 ft 0 ©^ — 0
Base hits 0 10010010— :t
SUMMARY.
Home run — Cravath. Errors — Shay 2, Spl<?««,
Graham^ Two-bare hlts^ — Smith. Hildcbrnml.
BraaheaT. ' Sacrifice hit — Hlldebrand. ' First
base on e,rror« — Taconja 1, Los Angele* 'J
FJrst base on called balls— Off Thomas 1, off
Jones 1. Loft on bases — Tacoma 3. Lns" An
geles 6. Struck out — By Thomas 1. by Jonesi t.
Hit by nltcher — Hlldebrand. Double plays —
Flood to Tomait to Brash. a r; Shay # to Nordyke
to Sheehan. Time of frame — 1 :25. * Umpire —
McDonald.
KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS JINKS.— An en
tertaining high Jinks was given Tuesdav nl^ht
by San Francisco Council, Knights of TTOIum
bus. at Golden Gate Hall. An' exceUent mu
sical programme was given and several mem
bers of the Olympic Club contributed their ser
vices to make the evening one of pleasure.
The following took part In the programme:
Jim Keith. Fred O'Connell. Neat. Power. Will
Patch.. Joseph Tucker. • George Clark, George
Connolly. James J. Welsh.. Frank T. Shea, Ben
Tarbox, J. J. Dolan. Achllle Artlgues. Joe Ros
borough. George Ryan, Oscar Frank. Jack
Denehy. The event was nanSIe!) by T. J.
Welsh (chairman), E. R. Myrlck. Will Patch.
Jack Cunningham, F. W. Warren, James KelUv.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
••. .. - SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WgiUslreet Stocks continue irregular. Cotton still lozver. •
Local Securities interesting, with ihc Sugars weaker.
Local Bank Clearings pass those of 1903 at last.
Hotmuch change in Silver or Exchange. .
Heavy liquidation in December Wheat.
Large short interest in December Barley reported.
■Oats, Corn and R\e quiet and unchanged.
Bran.$oc higher. Mid dings fir tu. Hay unchanged.
Xd further variation in Beans and Seeds.
Potato market still ovcrsupplicd . Onions slightly higher.
Poitltry in heavy supply and zveak. Receipts of Game liberal.
Fruit market quiet, zi-ith large stock of Oranges. .
Butter dvid'Chccsc unchanged. Eggs still weakening.
Cqttle\, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Coal in. art;': p'le supply. .
• ' Customs Receipts. \ ;
•Tlie resells: of duties on •. imports at . t! -«
San Francisco Custom-house for the month 01
November Just -er.dfcd. ¦comva.-<ed with UjesanJe.
month tu *itffl." stunr an Increase of 5— 5s.^>-.
btt-^ CS03.79i.'aeala*t *5Tt:o6a Ust year. The
total collect-ions ft-cm January I to .date were
$.G.«T9.9i2. V*sa.!nst.f<J.SKS«.K5.«i:rin* the same
¦pertJC «i JUWB,', . ¦ . • .
- • - Coinage i'-tn November.
• :: Tb«- coiike*- at tae local • broach Mint in
VoW~:u«r was wfeeSy ta silver 1 and consisted
¦oi tl2 (MM'ia : Vriltei States dixr.es and the
ecu iv* lent, of." - l.tAs.OOO peso* la Philippine
Eolni. ¦ The coinage of PhUifplV money -was
*r iuabvu:.:SM:OW pe*oe in &0-cenvivo pieces.
ftd.*x> pesos .in 20-w>atitvo. and lt>«.<XK) pesos
la !C>-der.'iavb- piece*: T*e total number of
r.»ec*ji cv-ned v,£>. S,752-.O»K>. Oft lowest, num
i- e^er turned out. in .::..:.• by ¦'•¦'¦-
fiitiKioav • • In ¦ November. 1003. ¦ the coinage
cqrs;«ed _-V;$S>7.000. in tV.lted States gol*.
tnd.'tS T *v '..".•¦.''¦ !
r4"-?;J.i^Tlie l*x\f>\\ Markeu -
: The New York ""wifet^"-cf E^ " F. .Hutlon * Co.
J E^eport cchsiaered ; bullUb. as tht
•9;7M.<«J0 toailes • ginned was very .mmch-over
di*count«a. Shorts •covericx.". •. ¦ .
Tae «f.ortnoxn? vohime -of-, business transacted
t->-<!av and the extneme vtcJence o£ fluctuations
*ho*" fhe . titer.t to. •- which.- speculat-.on has
teired upon Xhe market And . how easily the
¦trowa -¦¦!« «waied: in its " positions. ¦ It ts Quite
rlain liuit tncertcinti- predominated ana- that
there 1» arr'rer>n«is>n that the" crop will tarn
out V.b-Jrdenscrae.aiie. These itnpre*?ipns. have
been created .p&rtiy by the" (erinncrt 1 report an4
partly fey the- octoeto* bearish Interpretaticn
and ¦ vtxtaaixtpea which the leadins • Jocal ar.a
U-wri« vil- hull -o-pc-T«br» have -placed, on. them.
If i« <>ur opinion, that the -rinners' reports are
mirt^aW *• *«' 1^ : ? rid ••*"* ¦ btU1 5SS^: t ; r'
iKa : is • very- : ijjuch . over -estimated, that
satwerinem events -nlll demonstrate this fact
ar.i thst .I'rire? are Jjeinr unduly depreEsed.
¦•':•'¦. A Turn i!t the Bank Clearings.
Ever Fince januab" the- local hank clearir.r*
>vav* f«11tn. bthind- -those of 1903 until "the
— -.th'just /-iot-M -t>uriwr th* epring months
itMtce was- *c steady lots until Jn May we- were
aVut. fl&OOOubM behind 5*03/ the -figures 09
.^i, !sc» *hoVln5 ju«.that much:- low ¦ In
:f£^>fr"om. the preceding year. But the tide
:ui-;f<3 in June in<l the lossr*ran to decx»:a»^.
\t- the • *7>d of June .' .1* were- about
:teo : m'.Uioii. ".dinars . behind, at; vh« ¦ -end
r* July about ' fourteen at • he ••errd or.
AuirOFf about ei^ht. ' at'- the . end of Sep-
T^wib-r about- t<x. .The Call •.then- eatd that
¦tt -th* recovery. cbfttinuM there was a" chance
tfcAt^we mirht «JU come out -ahead, on the
year after ail This prediction see-irys. on the
way to be 'reftlijejj. for .the clearings in No
vf-mber were Slt2.GS.0O. asaihst $12«.-!35;422
¦in' November 1SC3; : - This" p'.aoeA t ne • 15KH
e)<5irl>i£s ahead of 19Q3 at -laet_ as the showing
Tor the firft -e>?v#n months ' of . the "yea-r <
*1.384.2!«3.€M. asuir^t JJ.3S5.-75T.7T0 for th«
i-ame time last .year. . -.¦.'.¦; . .
• In othrr wor.d*. ¦ we- l.oet trade fro^n'the 6e- ¦
ylnr.lns of the ye*r \JBtil June.- when the- t'.de
:urne<i and we- began- to creep up onl?03.
?nd are. no*, le&ajng it' by .a. margin oT$$.535.
>n«). "11x18 shows, thfe rurrent re4overy ; ln -trade.-
EASTERN MAJlivETS
■ "•vew York ' .-.Sidney Market. • • .
NEW YORK'. Npv. : SO.-^Ciose— Mor>ey .on
call, etrpii*'; '3@'4' pet <*nt;l closing bid, 3%;
offered. 4.ber : ce*it. •".- : . . .' .. '• ,. ■ '.
'_ Tl me- loans,- .steady ;. 60. .^ar?! V* daya and. Ri^
rnorths. o 4 ( Cfp*r c+r.V. .',.-. ■"-! '-_'. : .*"• •
Prime rnercan-jll^ *pa.per,-'4"S4%- j*r cent. '
* -Sterling -C3(ClHfB« o.pen«l we*k.' clAs«*l ctead
irr »*1th *eitua> -business In. banlrert* 1 bills- at
$4.«)€50*g4.6655- and st $4.83794.83.75 -f<Jr sixty,
day bill*: •■■• •' .--.:.-. ■'■ .."•.*.■"
.Posted rale*.- M.S4%, and ,$4.87%.-. • • . :
Commercial bi:.l»,.$4.K5** # *g4.83%I ' •- . :
•Bar Silver, -*j»'%r..- '.'■■■■ ■■■-. •
- Mexicka' '-dollar*. <7%c: •- ■'.'. : "'■•"'■.
•;-nnmi.ni|.W nt.tap-a<U. : '<tf»«aari railroad bonda, \t
r*gular.:. / ; .!.':-. i .■:. : - -._.'■_ i ■:'■ . -.. -. ; .*.*. *.
'"'■'. .■;'■ X*^w York Stock MapkfjC. .
i S.trsv; YORK. ' Nev; SO.^The. EtotA : . markf*
continued jmc'gTiiarly . -stropg ; .to -day 'on' a «6ra*--'
• hit eiiiynlened ..->-_oiunI» of Duelt^ss. -' Tbe tpn
denty. tc.waxd. -.neaptfori ". was greatest in ' the
earU: riorsifig,- when tlir . pressure 'Ux take.
pr>-.!Tt«- was -ccurterbalabceil .by only a few'
srror.g p&lhU'.iri.' the. market". But 'late ia the
day Vth* ; l*)i-o.a<Js : ma.de^bn. tjie prl«" lev«ri w-ert
largely ,r*jjair"e3-'tn<l. new ' pointa in * the ll«t
*f «>r*? pashe} ;Uj-uar.a.\-.It.wae evident that'th--'
rargp and ;p^**ifrfur-specu'latlve part.le«.' which'
Save b>*n:;.f-u5ir.g.t-he -trading- wiere bUIJ active
■ 2 ■ ■ tr! * rk ?*'.a n <l *ere jUUjcejit in 'cimducting
the ;iea<3ershsp ■ ifzrn • one ' .etock' or. -group, bf
rtocks 'to another;. The "-suctje'ESfKl tactica 'of
rotation of buying. ortlers'frQm.cne- pdirit 'to an
otheT.w.hHv seeing; U puhfyed in the. : Stocks
from wh'.ch. the -buy Ing .Is turtted aTCay"-tris
very palpable, in . the traiiln/r. . Wltji '-a. sTiltt In
the Ep!f<-uiat!on.toibe- WeKert and Padflc-Tait
road'.-Mock* .-fije". market :brbad<ne* -and.' the
rtrettgt* ..oeraCms' rnore/gVceral.' ■ The -wiae id
v» ln pe :'*r\ **rur:ties on. the curti ' precedes the
mpverr.fcr.t .1.-1 The Paciflca and eyejy stock whlc&
has.been'cor.nectea'atknT tirpe *»ritJi;the go«slp
cencemirig Xbm '. .«rubpo»ed.'.'. Northera ' f5t curt'tfe*
»«*'e*r.»r.t. r#«Bcn4ed.: There. -wis .a. large ll«t
c* *iarp galai.lrr ■* large: oollecUoTj of special-.
tie« and. tadustrjals; wfclch had' been' a promi
nent; f eatur* "of TMtth <J*y*.< • market .recently.
ana a .BnaBbef ; .of -hijrb erade investment '.atockt
mad*. 'maLrk#d ■ response :to-.a .attnand tor' al>-
Roi-p-Joa. .- ; T"o« h«avln«fs»j- .of ". the early market,
»"a»dj2«.largery. 'to.'th«.ai«ijuiet. caused- by" the
important llguidtU4on.la.the United. Statets SWel
etock*..' -.The. Steal- atoeks ralliM •stfongJy.-'-hxj^.'
tv>r;,aad"t*a« ftrhirica rcriicheda'r.e'w high -refc
rrd.ion..th;e nsoyeinent..- 'S^ttered-eel'lhg at the
last, h<rir»jver. '. tfiade' tte' clewing ; i<-f*:gular:" ' '
'. B*n4» weitt lA^irular:-.' Tbtai' »al*s, $8,765 '-.-
O00. : - .■•..■.-•."..:>,,•■..'•'... : '.--.'.- :
' TJc'ted .Btat«i' booda were-.tincban^ed otar call;
■ : .-'..■• ':■;'.' ■■;'. /Stvf. .'York- Stock. iLt?tl - : * ' •'
.'■Ei-V.: Quttoa * O»..-'490 .CaMforcia. street*
fie-n : rr-^ticlsco; ttrrtb^cs of the" New Tork
Stock .Exchange, fcrcifh the following official
cjuotaJJori* <if. ttia.t Exchrnge: . .'' • .' * ..
Sa-ie»'.!-.: STOCKS.-. jliishiLow ' Uid. A»k.
. ',.'.:.IAdaiBi : Express .-". 1 *...'. t. v-. ,..; 233* 235~'
31,700' A ma: g Copper .. .f-8i% r .60% -«)%'
./. . .v.U-jm*. can-co :;•::.;. . . .v. . . u% 12%
.,..„:.) r>a prd — .-. u\ rsu
•••'••■-Amer «.4 F Co M 33% 3"!% . 33%
..,...'.:! '.rio.pfd ...'.;.«:{% JT2? fl2^"83^
..- 2«if'-Air.»r;cottoaOil.li3.ii C3%t 33 -33%
a»|-'Do'.'*fil' ..:... I 02"' 82 I 91- '83
' '..'Abot I>is Tel...' I 30 31-.
--lAn-.er Expnn* .*. : .- 210. 214
■ SOO A-mer-Gras? T Co'' .0% . OW.J 9% »T'
. WirVAmer "Hide A'L, '9%» 9 "*i 9% 0*2
•■■•■'-•' Po PM •■■ 3S*i M Zi^i Z9
• £001 Do pfd- ...;.. 40 ; • .^314 3a-* --3-^
..- Atn«- Linseed .-- ' * 1«U i«-*<
r..R00Amcr L-rx-omotlve!' "JSVij •i*H 34% S">
• l.**fl«>ATrer Malt .-...:! 7 I C. *T»^ KK
2.700| Do pfd ..>...{ 28. 27% 27 |27'5
fl.«i0.|;Amer S & r Co. PlHl 81 81 Uni
M(H Do.pfd 1!3%'1W JI12H n.*{%
I Do** fd 5 " ■"" 15O '' i ! 1 * 3 - 4 "«H 14»3
SOOiAmer TrI A T Co i«% U8%,M5 (150* '
JAmer Tob pfd I 74 73
1.30C-; .Airier Woolen ... 24 fc 23^1 2^*4 on^
. .. j T*o ptd .- ; I I 93 «w
- 200! Anaconda 115**1115 <I14 il*i
!0««ABn Aibor 34 "l 34 3< 37*
1 w\ Oo pfd : . tm ! e« «4 r<t
!4.eOO'A T i- fiasta Ft. 8S 1 S7U R7«W. R7V
3.400J Do Pfd IOT'%1103*" 103?; VC ,J
30.eor>!Belt & Ohio ... OS »5U 07t 072
3<J0 Do *»fd ■ 94*; 84?* }>■.£ ft4Sh ?'
11.600,0 n t es% c-% «?2 6 s5
iBrookljn V Gas *--... 220 4-
S.«ari BrunswJck D & JIU9?i 110% nr, iiqu,
««/> Uutterick Co ...I T0 0 6%l nv
-.'Canada 6outhcrn! 71%' 71 K
ll.."W>Cana«ian P?.c.fic!l34M J-R«4!l3* 1842
4.3O0;c & O .f CO14 48% 50 . Bo2
W.C & A 1 43% 42t? .12 44
l^nn! Do p'd 1 8^ S3 «0 83 ;
-|C &.E I pfd fro ui
!<M * L nm...J *.... 85 <*5.
S.HnriC & G W J 25'.il UK 25 23*i
VKA D-> pfd A ..... 71% .71 71% 74
ZOOl I>o pf-1 B 3C'i 36% 3fi% 31 U
-I Do deb. ......|...r.|.....| 87* I w
i 8.900C & N W |211sii205 210*1211
i7«.T00|C M & St P.....il~64 1?.5% 175; 8 176«4
400| I>o pfd l&3>i IRi 1S3 183H
n.lOu;C HUP tnew) 3(J'/» 30;; 3C?i 3G>^
2,40lH IXi pid SC SwVi W^i *&%
...... I Do 4s i: 81% 82
400 Chicago Terminal 15V»i "^i! ":i 15
l.sOOl Do pfd 2614 2ti 20 I -2««4
• JI.200-.Chl Un Trac .-.. 1SU l'«5i 13 I l-i 1 /*
;. •HJO. Do pfd ...... .44%,' <S*i 44 44»4
400 C CC & St ..L? E994 83Vi *«.?* »°
! Do pjd |lll 115
jClev Lor & W I 70 80
I Do pfd I SO 120
lS,4Q0;Colo Fuel & Iron 57% 56^1 MUi 56%
I Do pfd I 92ii I 93
1.100;Col Hock C & 1 17«i 17 i 17^,j 17%
I- 700.Co!o Southern .'. 22^,! 22«j 22*1 23j
100; Do 1st pfd 58T4| r 5STi! 5SV41 59 '
1.CO0I Do pfd ... 3S I 20 i 33fc.i3flt*£
' 3.30(t,Consolidat€d Gas 217 j215t4|215V4 210
S.OOO.Coat Tob Co pfd 130 |l20 130 131
' 4,400Corn Products .. 24 23»4 24 24»4
! Do pfd SOVi 81
lOo'Del & Hudson . 1SS% 187 188 1S9
4,400;D L & W 326 . 32S
-- |D & R O' 33^ 33^
800, Do pfd S6%i 86% S6% 87
|Des M' & Ft D 1 25 26
..(Detroit Un Ry ' -78 7S%
2OC Detroit Southern 7 7 7 7**
-. D., pfd '.. 2S»4 29
lOOiDiamond Match. 29 ' 29 2S^ 29
.. S.txvDlstill Securities. 3914 SSH 38% 3S?i
.; Die tec Bonds 77 77V»
2 i 500Daluth SB & A 13 12%\ 13^ 13V 4
200 Do pfd 2o»4 24*J 24^j 25"^
46.'Jf!Q>.'Erie -..;. 40V* 3V9 4 I 401, 4f«V4
3.001)] Po 1« pfd .. 74 7.1*! 73H 73%
5OOl Do 21 pfd .. 157 fc 57 C7^ 57 V
JB & T H ...... 63 65.
!.-. j Do. pfd 82 I .85
I (Geti '.-hemlcal I U9Xj 101
f 1.4C0.Gen Electric .... 194 190U|19l' |182
i Gt North pfd- |222 232
f .-:v: .... ;Gre*n . (Jons Cop I 30% 30%
... ;Hav Tob Co .- 38 -40
:'......; -Do pfd ; ". 49H 60H
COOHock Valley ... $5^. S4^ 85V,- 87
4Oy, Do pfd- 9U Hi WZ »<>. 90>A
17.4O0.Itl Central 157 |156H 156»« 156H
2.00fi Inter Paper ... 21U 20»i 20*4 21
'. 900J Do pfd -,1i\ 79H 29 29Vi
. 400 Inter Po«»-er .... 61 60& 61 61V*
{Inter Pump -45 43
100. Do -pfd-. 67 87 86 90
400 Iowa Central ...t30^4 3C14 30 30>*
3SU- Do pfd S 6^ 5flij 56 57'
. .OOKana & Mich .37 37 37 3S
' 400K C FtS&M pfd 82«4 82V, 8214 mi:
5.4<x».Kans aty South! 30 284 29. *oZ
4.300 Do pfd.: .52'^ 62 52V4- K$
....... |K>6kuk r & D M.,.!!..... 16 IS
'(Laclede/ Ga» pfd eo 95.
....... iLaite E.&' West :.. 40 42
....... -.JJJo pfd. ■ us 102-
-.'Long Inland : . „. . 5s e^
1 ! & " XA8h '- • • 142 "OH 141%' 142
1,400, Mar.hattaft 168 167>4 l'HT^ 168
w.-.:..!Mannat Beach .'. : ». nit
. l.OOu, Metropolitan Sec Sl»; -Sl^'bl^,^
5.i00|Met St Ry 124*4 123^ 123*. 123-st
• I ~ Do -pfd , u2 OS
...... V LM. St P & S.S M ....;.„.. 90% «1 M
...... ...1 Do pfd.*. «p45 iig
1.70C;Mo. K-an & Tex. 'S3 tj 33H KK 33ii
J.2OX- Do. p/4. 62^ 62 "62% -^S
. 46;4t«0 Miseourf Paciflc; J10>^ 108% HOV lfoifc
UX»,Nash, C & St L. 144 144 144 -.145
l.W*J;National Lead.. J 24M, 23H 2314 1 24
'•'rl'Sa Do- pfd 9.6% 96% ft'6Vi \ &d\
2J*);NtlR J\ M ex pfd -43% :4?3 «^* 43%
• 80.. National -Biscuit. .55% 03^ 65% MU
.'» I Do pfd ,... ■ mU, H6ii
•400; New J;«ey. Cen. 192. 19l' M ' 192
....-...!.*• Y Ah: Brake J ..... 1*3 * 164
lS..C0f»iNew York' Cen'. . 142»i 142U 142 142t4
2.6O0JN Y. O & St L. 42\ '42 43 ft
.•:•......, -.Do 1st -pfd ■ 112 ii«
■ . 4O0j Do*2d pfd 75 <■ 73% 74 75
■- 500; New Ysrk Dock. 23% - 23ii 24 '•"»
•: 300,-V Y. X* H ;& H. 186 . 185 . 196V St '
. '4,700: Jj Y, -Ont & W: 43% 42 4*>« 43
' . POOlNor-folk & West. 75% 74* "75 "si"
I.WiNorth -American. 106'i 104% 104% tO5
3.200 Northern Sees/.. 134 % 121% 124- * 124%
... Qmaha ,. -. 57. 55
...:... .Do pfd.;: 103% 104
.«,..:. O S L,.4s..- 10S1J lA1 s i
- 200 1 Paclflc -Coast 78% 78% Z7% 78
••-"' 'I£j • Do Ut ' J* 4 .*• ' W0 1T>5
300; Do 2d pfd 83 S3- 82 82%
ft 2.^po; Pacific -Mall 4»ft 49% "48% '48% -
93.200)Penn R R Co... 139% ir,8Vi 139^ Kj2
• 1 . a ?S't eOpIe " lf GtLJS ~- "2^ 112^ 1H%111%
.. lOO.Pere-Marquette.. 78 -78 75 78
3.000. P. C, C &-St L. 74 «4 73% 74" 76%
••v:--ib-Do pfd....; :.-....: 105 J107 •
. 2,1/W Pressed. Steel Car 41 «£ 40% 40« AV
••■££! °o Pt<?'-----"-- 01 90 «r 90%
200!PuMman.Car C6. 244 235% 235 JKS
, «00 By Steel Spring*. S3«4 33 -33 33U !
.700 Do-p-fd.-...' 91% 91% 91% 91«>4
. 236.9.V.: Reading . .;. 78 % 7G% 7S • 78%
.:.4.40O| Do 2d pftf...... 81 14 80% 80% 81%
. l.SOOJRepuilf? S & 1.. 17% 17% il% 17%
'.2;i00| Do pfd .71:. 70% 71 TU?"
.'2.700|Rubber Gbods... 25% 25 -25U' 25%
• . .-400| Do-pfd: 93 91% 93- 93^.
.-.- • 200LSlos»B S A I- Co 61 61 61 "«s4
. 300 •. Do-pfd .'. 102 101 .99 106
;.- --400!stJ & X5I Jst pfd. 57 • 66% -56 -59
...-..-..I .-Do 23 pfd Z~. '. 27* .2»M
lStL.&SF 65 67
.;..;. A Do- 1st- pfd '..I.. 76 .78
'. rJ.WOl D«J 2d pfd f» CS«s .68^ 6S«
. 4f«;St L & .8. W..*. . -26 '25% 25% 2rt •
. »ft0i Oo pfd "54*»4.64 *54>4 54%
•52-. 600' Southern Pacific. 68 &i% :A7K ■ 67%
- 5O0) Do. pfd.'. 117**« 117% 117% 117%
1 C2.500 Southern Ry 36% 35% .'36 HI 36 u
1. sool n-> pfd. ..•..-..; 95% 05% 95% 95%
f-.-i..". Standard Oil .-.»..- 635 ©40 •
• ■ .TOOiStandird' ft. & T.* 4%*| 3% 3% 4 -
' -©.ewiTenn. Coal & Iron 76«H 75% 75% 75«
•: .900!Tex Pae L'T Co: : 37% 37%L37% H7»i
i. ;5,»00;Texa»J -Pacific 37% 36% W%!.371{
[.'..".>.. Third'; Avenue-. ., :,-. 131' • 1133
.-.....■". ToleBo R 4 T C* .'. .'.- 2S- '.-24
' 3.900JT, St L'-& WV..., '38 - 38% : 36%| 37
. 10,200! .Do- pfd..-. .- 6Z« 55- 66% I 57%
• 1.100-TwJn City R-T.-. 107 107' 1O6%|»7
I,.-...., Union ."Bag •*• Pf. \\A \\v. J2V1
; -200i- Do. pfd .'..175, 75 72* :75
lOe.H'iOIUniOT Pacific. ::|llfli4ill5 115% 116
• S00|- Do, pfd........ .»5 : 94% 94% 95U
.»./:•-.] .Do conv 4s..- : U5 . 116
'.» lUnited Copper... 21% 19% 21% 22 .
. l.OOOiU R R of' S Tr*. : 21%| 19% 21%, 22
1,50*1 Do pfd.- .-.-...-.. -es -es 6«%feT .
J Do. 4s :..-!...:•. 86U ' 87
' 4,900U S CRst Iron Pf 14% -14 14?», 14H
•3.100! .Do pfd...- 80% 7924 79% 70%
„ . IU S Express • 121 '"jgj
• 4,C00'U S Leather 14% 13% 14% 14%
. 2,000 Do.pfd..: "95% 95 05- 95\J
....-.,. I US Realty A'Cotj, 80U 81 •
200 U S Rubber.....! 33%] *33.% 33 .^u
1.400J Do pfd..-. r 02, ' 91 *9iu 9114
223:flOO|U S Steel Cor..» 32^ 31% 32. •.?*«
.61.I0/X Do pfd.. ...":... tM»i| OCTVi 9.-5%i--83«4
• 3.200] Va-Car-- Chem Co 42 ■ | 40% 41« 42 h
,700i Do. prd-.- 4113% 1J3»$ 113 . 114 •
I.TCOjWabash -. 23% .23»4 23% -23">4'
3.G001 Po pfd'........ 47 46. 46% 47 '
j Do deb B« .-. .* 68% 69
'..:.:.. (Wells Fanro Ex.* 240* 24«
. ' 500! Western Union.. 92% 02%" 92% 83
3.000!Westl*jghpuse ... 183. 181%tl«u;J4 1S3%
; 3.O00I .Do 5»St pfd.. ....:• 1194 188
SOOIW t L E......1.20% 2O. 1 20% 21-'
. IOC! Do 1st pfd 4Z 47 I 47 '48
200! Do2dpfd..... 29% 29%| 2> 30%'
200!Wl«conBln Cei>... 24* 23V 23% 24
\ 200J. Do pfd........ 489fc 4S»i| 47% .48%*
i.452|8I9 total ehareti eoW.
* • Xcw York Bonds. •
U S re( !> res-. 104 |L A CC unified 4a.l03%.
Do coupon.'.. ... 104 % Man con gold 4s . 105
• Do reg. . . - - .104% Mex Central 4s.-. . 77
Do coupon 104% Do 1st In* 25%
Do new* 4i «reK.130% Minn & St L 4«.. 07^
'. Do coupon. 130%!M K-& Texv 4».1«3
' D\s old 4a reg.lfH5l4l . Do Ms '. 88
Do coupon 1C6\4|NR of Mex con 4s 81%
Atrh gen 4s l S?^'S'T £ Kfin 8 ''4 8 -- I0 I
Do adj 4s 1>4%JN J C-gen 5a....E*5U
Atlantic C L*4s. 89%|Nor Pacific 4s... .103%
Bait & 'Ohio 4S..1O314J. Do 3s ..." 75 >
Do 3%» ...- 88 (Nor & JV con 4s. 101*4
C^itral of Ga Ss.lll IOSL 4« & partlt.lOt.
Do 1st Inc..'.;. 90 iR^adlnggen 4s..*.lC2>,i
Cher' &.Ohlo 4Uii.IC7Vi!Pa conv Z\ii A0.VA
"Chi & Aiton'*M4* J . S2%IS L & I M con 5«.115iA
*C Tfl & Q nrw 4i.100«4|S L & S F fg »g.R9*4
.CM & RP ini 4*.110T4lPt,Loyis SW.lets. 97%
r. f- ntv con 7s.l2*'A! e| eahoard A L 4«.t 8*4 :
C. "R-I-Vfc Pec:4s. 81*^1^0- Pacific 4* ...... 0«
Do col Es !M'.<iRo Railway St.v.MltU
r..C.C Sr PLrn 4s.lfi» )T<-x.&:Pac l5t«r.l22'
Chl.Tenn 4»..... 84%|Tol. St L & W 4i. H«2(
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 1; 1904.
Cons Tobacco 4s. fUHIUnion Pacific 4s.lOtJ% '
Co.o & So 4s 8S7i| Do conv 4s 115%!
Colo Fuel & Iron. S6"i|U.S Steel 2d 5s.. 9i%
Den & Rio G 4s.l01 |\Vabash lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. 102 | Do Deb B C9 >|
e^?- en 4s • ff2 |W & L.Erie 4s..\93H
i* \ $■ D C ists-lllHlWIs Central 4s... »3 j
H-ock Val 4^6... in | • |
New- York Mining Stocks. i
Adams Con 23'LlttIe Chief 05'
Iiee GOlOntarto .....3 60
£ reece • V? 12!Ophir 226
Eruns Con ...... lSJPhoenix 13,
com Tunnel .... OWPotosl 10 1
Con Ca & a... l lOJSavage ..., v, 37 I
Horn Silver l 55 1 sierra Nevada. ... 43 ;
\ T °°. f/, lve r 2 25ISmall Hopes 28
Leadviile Con C2|Standard .190
. Boston Stocks and Bonds". j
Money— lu S Steel 31 .'
Call loans a»4| Do pfd ,.-.9i4
Time loans 4&5|\VestliiK Common. 01
Bonds — ' j Mining
Atchlson 4s 102 /Adventure 0^4
Mex Central 4s... 75 lAllouez .17^'
Railroads— . |Amal Copper 80ri
Atchison . . , 87% Amer Zinc . . 13 .
Do pfd 1O.{% Atlantic 17% i
Boston & Albany. 253»i Bingham 37'4
Boston & Maine. ie9H Calumet & Hecla.CSO I
Boston E'.ev 153 (Centennial 2SV t ;
Fitchburg j)fd 1^9% Copper Range ..:7OV4.
Mex Central 22 >» Daly West 13Vi
N T. N H &H..19S Dora Coal 6tf j
Union Pacific 1159»|Franklin 13 !
Miscellaneous — ' JGranoy 5 5-16
Amer Arge Chem. 19 lisle Royale 27 •
Do pfd S2HIMass Mining .....S>4
Amer Pneu Tube. 54JMirhigan fl%
Amer. Sugar ..'. .149%JMohawk 55
X)o pfd 139 jOld Dominion ... 271J
Amer Tel & Tel.l4S K>sceola 95' .
Amor Woolen . . '. 23 Parrot '31 ■
Do pfd 9-1 IQulncy 115 •!
Dom Iron «■ S... lS'^ISSannon »%
Ei Elect Ultsm. .2.1.1 iTamarack 125 j
Gen EW-ctrlc . . . .190V,|Trinity .• 14 I
Mo«i Electric... 15 |U S Mining.. 27*4 ■
Do pfd 60 (IT S Oil 11»J :
Mass Gas 40V&'Utah 44*4 .
United Fruit ....107 iVictorla 5«£
Un Shoe Mach... 5^*VWinona 1014
Po pfd 3i "| Wolverine 107
London Closin? Stocks.
O»s money.. .88 *-16iN' Y Central. ... .145
Do acct S8 ll-16IXor & Western... 76.%
Anaconda 6 J i>o pfd • 94 '
Atchlson 80%IOnt & Western... 44 1
Do pfd -\.106 (Pennsylvania 71U
Bait & Ohio 100% Rand Mlnea ny,
Can Pacific 137 U, Reading 39>4
Ches & Ohio 51^ Do 1st pfd 46*
Chi Great West.. 25% Do 2d pfd 41
Chi. Mil & St P. 170 So Railway 37
De B^ers 18% Do pfd 98
Den & Rio O 3334 So Pacific eou
Do pfd 8SH!Umon PaclHo 119U
Erie 4Ui| Do pfd • 97 ,
Do 1st pfd..;;. 75%!U S Steel 3^%;
r,P% 2d Pfd S8^ 1 Do P« »6^
111 Central 160%|Wabash ....'..... 24U
Louis & Nash 144Vij Do pfd 47U
M. K & Tews... 34l,!f?panlsh 4s 88Vi
Money — 2^<§3H per cent.
,v™"}« of ?jfj° unt ln the open market for
™ . UI k.., Is £f 3 -* per cent and for three
months' bills 3M per cent.
New York Grafn and Produce.
,«^£ W t Y °RK." Nov. 30.— FLOUR— Receipts.
10,000 barrels: exports, 0300 Barrels; market
dull and lower; winter patents, $5 50(35 00:
T^ ln }!tZ t *}^ ight ' t * 5 26 ® 5 45: "inter extras [
*3 C5@4 30; Minnesota bakers, $4 40®4 70
winter low-grades, *3 45<g4 10. - ' I
WHEAT- Receipts. 57.8<5o bushels; spot !
ffrm: No. 2 red, $1 18% f. o. b. afloat: No. i I
Northern Duluth, $1 20»4 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
• hard Manitoba, nominal f. a b. afloat. Op- I
tions; under bull contsol. were strong all day I
clesing «i©l^c higher. Ma'y closed at $1 11'4- '
July closed at $1 03%; December closed at
$1 15%. . .' - .-.-»-, • -
HOPS-^-Quiet.
. PETROLEUM— Steady. •
SUGAR— Raw.' firm ; fair refining, 4\ic' cen- '
trifugal. »S teat, 4%c; . moUases sugar.. .4c. ;
• Refined, firm. \ .■:■■• . (
. COFFEE— Spot RJq, quiet; No. 7 Invoice. I
8%c; mild. firm.. Futures closed' steady, IO@
U points lower; sajes, 52,000 bags: December,
6.b0<SC.90c: January. 7c; March ~.S0^ri 25c-
May -, h££ 7 - 4bc 'u, July, 7.60^7.65c: Septum-,
ber. 7. 80g 7 . S5c : . October. 7.90c. I
GUTTER— Quiet; official' price, crerfmery. j
common to extra. 16626c. - •nil
CHEESE— Uochansed. " • •' • f-'p,. ■•-.
EGGS — Unchanged. . -.:.•'%'...,• . ■
DRIED FRUITS. :' %
EVAPORATED APPLES— Quiet aid neglect- ;
td Common.- '3,%i&4Vi«; J prime. 4%©4»ic;
choice. 5^c; fancy. .6@6i.5Cs* ■
PRUNES— Are {n light demand, wltfc quota
tions for. California, fruit 'ranging from 2c U
6c, according to .grade. . '
APRICOTS— Quiet but' firm, with choica
• f } u £. t ? * l 9 - v 4® 1Oc : extra choice, ll^c; fancy.
HR'loC. _-.;>. - '• !
PEACHE&^-Remaln dUH. with choice- held ;
at nefl^c; extra choflee at ?'.H©1jOc; .fancy.
l"Mi©'»lc» ' t t j." * -■*' *j
. Ne^v YoVk 3Ietal Market. • ' J
NpW YORK, Nov. 30.— The Lond'-n tin mar-
Jcet broke quite sfharply. .with final prices
standing at £ 136 .for. spot" apd futures at £.VM*
6». LocaKy the market was quiet and lower I
wit"h s^ot at 29.7j5e29.95c. . . i
Copper was -a little steadier, -abroad,' closing. '
at £67 -3b M for soot and £67 12s 6d 'for j
future*. . Locally the market Is less .active j
but prices are steady.. Lake, 14..8TV4©15.12^c; ;
el«ctrolytic. 14.75@15c: casting, 14.5O@14.75t !
Lead closed. a.t.£ 12 18s .9d. in London !*>• i
cally it was unchanged at 4.20®4.70c. • . .'■
• Spelter was easier in the English marTcet :
'closing at. -£24 }Xu «<i. Local -prices were tin- '
changed at" from 5.75^5.87V4c • .• 1
Iron closed' a* 5Jls 6d in Glasgow and at 489 '
lid ln Mlddlesbero. Locally iron was un-* 1
-changed. • • • . • ' !
. New' Y6rk Cottpn 3Iarket. ■ I
NEW* ■ YORK; *Nov: 30.— CQtton futurao
opened steady. Kavembar. 8.90c. bid; Decem
ber. 8.96c; January, 9-62f.; February V CKc
.March, 8.15c; A*prir, 9.18?; May. 9.2tVr; July.'
•Futures -closed steady. '.' January. R-86c- '■
March.. 8.01c: April. 9.01c;. May, 9.15c; Ju.ne!
*,?*** t? 1 ?" 1 *} qulet - 2° lX>fnt« decline. Mid
dling. Uplands, ».yoc; middling Gulf 9 B5c
Sales, 100 bales. .- . ';
' • Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON, Nov.. 30.— To-day's' state
ment of the Treasury- shows: Available rash
a ° c / s - 1142.7.08,784; . K oia reserves. $83.- ■
QIICAGO . BOARD OF "TRADE*
Piituje Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Nov. 30.— Following a moderati
decline- at -Liverpool the wheat market here
fQ-day opened barely steady. The * feeling • of
.uncertainty; ' however. . was quickly jllapellea
ahd sentiment became bull<sh. Apparently the
main Influence ln effect'ug* fhis change waa a
radical let-up in* the 'movement of the' wheat
crop. -Both NorthwfesUfft and. Southwest re
ported 'curtailment o.f receipts. Another factor
of almost equal Importance '.was the situation
m Argentina. -wKere wheat harvesters' are at
•work. Special cablegrams to-day stated that
wet weather has 'threatened serious damaaa
to the. crop in the. northern portion of th?»
country. After the flrat.feW ffil^ o o / J**J»
ntss the market Kere waa very llghrand' with
an Increases demand prlce» for both May and
December options advanced- about *Ac Tii«
improved demand caused a sharp advance* n«
eember «oslng strong at $1 07% and May at
b.ghe r r n aT48 % o: tea<15 '' .^^ c-o.ln«. kc
Oats .-wene unchanged. December closed
.Provisions were firm at tie -.dose. Pork
w »s oi 12^c.hlgm>r, lard unchanged and ribs
The' leading future* ranged as** follows- *
.Wheat "no.* 2 l Open - Hlgb - **>"' '■ "dose.
Dicember ....*. f.OOV t 08 • 1 06*4 1 (mt.
My -, -••: i-o8^-ro8«4' 1 os* ioo4
July ••••;••••••• w» ..oaa *m 99
Corn jno. it— «•
45 ? - 4^* «8 '%
>"ovembtr ..'. *...... . 2ns>
Oecember 29% 2nu 29" 00'*
May .•,.... 81% 31% -31U* 31W
Mess Pork/ petvbbl— " i
Ja'uuary -.12 72V4.12*JN> i 12 72W 12 00
May ?..:.... 1Z92K 13 10 12 Sfg 13 10 *
Lard, p«r ilOO lbs— . • . ,
January ..V..,.*7 CO . 7 Oft 6 95 7 00* •
May -.7 17*4 7 20 7 07*4 7
Short -Ribs, oer 100 los—
January ..- « B2H « 57% 6 50 . 6 f}-ii
M#y ...-.*....,.. « 70 6 77*4 6 67* I 77U
* Cash Grain and Provisions. *
. .CHICAGO. Nor. 30.— Cash 'quotations * were
as follows: Flour, easier; No. 2 spring wheat
$1 OS^l 14: No. 3. $1 Q2®1 12; -No 2 r^d
$1 WY.Ql 11%; No. 2 corn. 60c; No. 2 yellow
505i50>4c: "No. 2 oats, 29% c:- No. 2 white 3->a
32Hc;-.No. 3 white. 3O*4«31*i4c; No. 2 r?e
,76<*.: good feeding* barley. 38c; fair to choice
malting. 42«51c; No. 1 fiaxseed, •$! 11- N o 1
Ncrthwsstern, $1 19; prime tinjothy seed, $2 70
jness pork, per. barrel. $11 30@ll 35; lard, per
•100 pouflfls, $7; short ribs sides (loose), -$o G2U
•(jf* 75; short cfear" Blfl.es (boxed),. $0 75gfl S7*»4
'wV.lsky, basis 0! high wines, $1 24; clover'
contract- grade, $12 25. . ,
-Articles — • R.ecejpts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels '..:... .....". 41, ROO 31.400-
Wheat, .bushels 118.000 D2.10O" :
Corn.' bushels. :....:;.:.. 496.300. 454.7Of>.'
OaU. bushels ....".::.:.:JL6i3.4Da lenrati .
Rye. bushels 11.000 4,'eOO."
Bariey.. bushels ....... 137;500 13.800
..Butter, Cheese ami Eggs. "
■CHICAGO. Xov. 30.— On the Produce ■ Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries, - lb'S-5'ic: dairies, . Iotf22c; eggs,
steady, 19}4S24c; cheese, ; steady, li@12c.
CxVTTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
Chicago.
* CHICAGO. • Xov. 30. — CATTLE — Receipts,
23,000 including 2500 Westerns; steady; good
to prime steers, $l*@7 50; poor to medium.
$:; 00@5 SO: stockers and feeders, ?1 75®t 20;'
cows $1 75® 4; heifers, $1 S0#5 35; canners,
Jl 40@2 35; bulls, $2(34 20; calves, $3®6 60;
Western steers, $3 50®5 15. ■
HOGS — Receipts. 50,000; ' to-morrow. 38.000;
steady; mixed and butchers,' $4 5O04 70: good
to choice heavy, $4 <J0@4 70; rough heavy.
$4 40@4 C5; light, $4 40Q4 60; bulk of sales.
$4 55®4 60. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 25,000: sheep strong,
lambs steady; good to choice wethers. $4 35®
4 90; fair to choice mixed, $3 50@4 30: West
ern sheep, fig 5: native lambs.. $4 25@6 10;
Western lambs, $4Q5 80.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 30.— CATTLE—
Receipts. 9C00; steady; native steers. $3 50^
« 25; native cows and heifere, ?l r 50ig^: stock
ers and feeders, $-^3 50; calves. $2 50156:
Western steers. S3Q4 70; Western cows, $1 5O@
3 50.
HOGS— Receipts.- 15,000; steady to 5c lower;
bulk of sale* $1 30@4 GO; heavy, $4 55@4 65;
packers. $4 45G4 60; pigs and light, $i 75@
4 45.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3000: steady to 6c lower;
muttons, S.I 75<&5; lambs, $4 50®$; range
wethers,' $43:4 90; ewes. $2 503-4 25; Utah
. crassers. 101 Ib3. S4 20.
Onialia.
OMAHA, Nov. 30.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
4S00-. steady to stronger; native steers, $1 25@
0 30; cows and heifers, 52 40@3 85; Western
steers $3@4 75: Texas steers, $2 75S3 C5: cows
and heifers, $2 30@3 30; canners, $1 75@2 30;
Btockers and feeders, $2 25®3 90; calves, $3®
5 25; bulls and staes, $2®3 SO. .
HOGS — Receipts. 14.60O; market 5c lower;
heavy. $4 37%f?4 50; 'mixed, 54 37*4@4 40;
light $4 35@4 45; pigs, Sift* 30; bulk of sales.
?t 37>^St4 42^..
SHEEP— Receipts, 1S0O; strong to shade
higher: Western yearlings. $4 25@4 75; wethers,
$104 60: ewes, $3 S0@4 50: common and sto<5k- '
ers ?2 50@4 35 ' lambs, $5@6.
St. Louis "Wool Market.
ST." LOUIS, Nov. 30. — Wool firm. Medium
grades, combing and clothing.- 23@«»c; light
fine lS©22^c; heavy fine, 13@18c; tub wmahed,
27@4Oc. • ; V- '
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ,•"-;.■ Dec. > March. . May.
Openiny ■....'...... 7 1% 7 3% 7 3M
Closing 7 1^ 7 3ft 7 3%,
PARIS
Wheat— .- Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening' .' 24 15 25 65
Closing 24 20 . 25 60
Flour —
.Opening 32 05 33 60
Closing 32 05 33 40
Northern Business.
SEATTLE,' Nov. 30.— Clearings, $806,266;
TACOMA* Nov. 3D.— Clearings,' $436,474;
balances, $36,983. '
PORTLAND Nov. 30. — Clearings, $918,200;
balances. $180,'4S9. • • .
SPOKANE, • Xov. 30. — Cleaxinrs, 635,306;
balance*, $76.633. ,- ; . . ~
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 30.— WHEAT— Export:
Walla Walla ROc; bluestem ' 80c. Milling:
Wal>a. Walla. S3c; bluestem. SSe; valley, S7^c.
Eastern market basis: Walla Wai la^ 85c;
bluestenv 90c. • • ■■
WASHINGTON..
TACOM.V. Nov. 30.— WHEAT^Unchanged.
Bluestem. .8Sc: club, S5c. ; .
LOCAL MARKET.
|- . Exchangre and Bullion.' "I
; ''^.vH Jv* LPCAL. •■ ' . .
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 83%@4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight ...... 4 86%64 87
Sterling Exchang*. cables ,.....; 4 S7&O4 87%
New, York Exchange, sight Par @ ' —
N.* Y. 'Exchange, telegraphic... 02%@ — ;
Silver, per ounce.-. ....'.*. '. .'...'. .. — *@ 59^
Mexican Dollar's :.. . -47 ® 47H
.'. INTERNATIONAL^ ;,:',"-..
New York .on Paris :.....'. .:..*.:. ..516% I
New York on .Mexico ......206 . |
Paris on London' ..:......;....;... 5..... 25.15* |
■ Berlin on bondon 20.33%!
' : • '.Wheat and Other Gfalns.
WHEAT — Conditions remained about ' the
came hi all markets, both American and for
eign. Chicago was ,l*4c higher on the day. *
; ■ In this market the cash grain was quiet -and
weak at previous-- prices.- .Futures -were . Ir
xeguiar. M{iy ad% - anced lc. but December • de
clined *%c on the n\ornlng session, the decline
"being due *to ■ the conditions attending Decem-.
ber. deliveries to-day. . The longs "do not want
to iake deliveries and- eonseqveutly were sell
ers., .arid buyers by holding oft. got fa at lower
quotations-. • " ' . . • •
• CASH WHEAT." . '
California Club, $1 45@1 62%; 'California
White- Australian, tl 60@l*62W: Northern
Club, $1 30©l 52%*. wltb none offering; North
•ern Bluestem. $160^162%; Nohhern' Re< .
, $1 4-7% per ctlt • •
|.:X *._*<;; •; .FUTURES. •' •-. '
i * ." Session "9 to tl :30 a. m. ' '.
•' '. Open. High. . Low. Clove.
December *1 39% $l--39% $138% $1 39«4-
Manr ,1.42%. 1 43% . 1 42% '144%
* "i p. in.. 'Session. . *-*■ '
Open. High. JLow. • Close.'
December .-t.$l 39% $1 40*4 .$1 39% '$1 jlOVi
May— $1 43% bid. .fl 43% asked. • •
! BARLEY — The ca^h' grain showed no change. •
but futures were somewhat higher. There. Is '
a JaJcge short interest of about 10,000 tons obt
yet for December delivery. " ahd of this 1200
ton* will "be dellvereS to-day. As soon as' this
1 3 out of the way It Is 'expected that the de
| mand will -i>e stimulated." .. • "
i; ".'.V '* ' CASH BAKE.EY. ' \
Feed H.0o@l 13%*;, Brewing and Shlppin*.
'$1 15@1 17,%; CHevaller, $1 15#1 20 per .ctl.
" • * .. FUTURES. ' . "
' Sesslpn 9 (• 11:30 a.* ».
' . Open. High. Low. " Close.
•December ..!$1 09% « 08% $1 09%. *1 00%
Ma; ....:.:.-. 1 oq • 1 oa- i oo 1 o».
*'*.''. " . 2 p v m. "Session. ' • ''.
May— $1 00 bid, *1.09J4-aAkeQ. " " * - .
. * OATS— Continue steady, and in fair, demand
at unchanged prices.* . '' - -
White,:*! 42^®! 57%;* Surprise. $1 63@1 60;'
Red for feed,' $1 32%61 45 Jtor Vo'. 1 and.
$1 22%@1 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed,
"$1 42.%igl"50; Black. Vl 30® L 35- for feed and
! $1 45@1 62% for sefed. • - • ...
'. CORN^— There -is** nothing* new to repptt- "in
1 thfs marki«t. • .' V •.".'*
: Western sacked.. $1 45@l*50-. for .-Yellow,
j $1 45® 1 50 for White and. fl 45@l-50- for.'
I Mixed; -California large* TelUw, . $1 45©1 50";
email, routia do,* $1 »5@1 62%; -White," nojn
jinaft Egyptian. '$1-S5@1 40 for -WKite and
! $1 17%(&1- 20 fos Brown." .
! RY-E— $1 *40@l .45 per cti. . ' . • : ■ • .
! BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at about $3 per
j cental. . - ' - ' ■ -
- Flour and: JlillstuffsJ - . .'
FLOUR— California FamHyi Extras, $4 '£00
6 10* usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70#5;
Oregon and Washlngfon, - J9b*in*j'. at ?4®4 50
per bbl. • • - ".",'■ - •
■ M1LLSTUFFS — Prices* in' package* -are -as
follows: Graham Flour," $2 <6 per 100 Iks;
Rye Klo'ur. $.3 25:' Rye Meal, $3: Rice Flour,
$7; Cor/i Meal. $2 '60; -extra cream do. S3 60;
Oat Meal. $4; Oat . Croats, ?4 25; Hominy,. |
$.{ 6rtg3 85; Buekwhaat Flour, (4 25; CraCked
AVheat $3 75; .Farina,. $4-; * Whole Wheat. I
Flour "S3 50; P.olled <Q&X&; bbls, $0 75@7 50;. ln
.sacks' $4 25; f^arl Barley. $5; SpUt Peas
boxes*. <5 50; Green «Peas,:j5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and FeedstniTs. ■ •
"Bran and Shorts {iave again advanced. Mid
dlings -remain unchanged.
The -'condition o{ the Hay .market Is thus. .
given ln the circular of Somecs* & Go. : . *
"Shipments of. Hay have been running rather
lifcht. Ui« total for the week Just ended beln*g •
about 2100 tons' a decrease; of 400 tons from
the we«k prA-ed'ing. The demand has been" so
quiet, however, that there has been no scar
city whatever — in fact, we could have got along
with a still lighter aupply. .We always expe
rience a somewhat < duH spe,U during the. holi
day season r but this year it seems to have
come upon us ra,ther* early. The demand alon^
the coa'st his been very slacl*. and the Govern
ment has not been in the . market for some.'
lltWe time. Th<»ge facts, coupled* with the r«x|
crop prospect* and • abundan.ee of. green feed,
have weakened : the .JijtuaUon eo . tkat prices
have not advanced • sufficiently to repay th«
extra cost . of carrying Hay - into the winter.
Still there are many possibilities for the mar
ket • to advance to Quite an extent before Hay
grrfft's again' ;-'■•' #
"A goo4 variety of Hay is now being mar
keted almost all kinds and grades being* offer
ed fiji- sale cveijr day. Chdlce Wheat Hay Is
being offered in abundance and, although
some sales of fancy lots are being mad* above . '
'quotations, yet prices continue - along, without
material change." - * . '
BRAN— $20@21 per ton. * . •
MIDDLINGS— J25@2S per ton. . ••
SHORTfS— $20@21 per ton. -
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, |24®24 50 per '
ton: OHcak« - Meal . at ■ the mill $31 50(^32 5Q;
Jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake. *?23@24: : Cocoa^
nut" Meal. J24®25; Corn ; Meal. . $31 B0©32:
Cracked Gorn,.$32©32 50; 'Mixed Feed,. J22O
2S; Horse Beans, $30@40 per ton; Brbom I
Corn > Feed. . 90c per ctl. .
HAT— Wheat. |10@15; Wheat and Qat $10» •
14; Dat. $9® 12; Barley and Oat, $8@11; Volun
teer Wild Oat," *7@10; stable. $8@10; '> stock'.
$5 50^7; Clover, $7glO; Alfalfa. ';$3i312 per
STRAW— 55®60c per ■ bale. ' '
':«; Beans and Seeds..-.
'All : quotatiorp • rvnain : a» "; bef ore -*- and ** the
market - is ' Inactive, and > without feature. ' "
: BEANS— Bayos. • $2 7503; Pea. -r, ""■*i!t-«Vt
j Butter.- $3@3 25; small White. $3 15®3 30;
1 large White,. $2 40®2 Co: Pink, $2 75y3 13;
i P.ed. $4 .25@4 00: Lima. $4 15^4 2.*; Red Kid
j neys. $4 50; Blackeyes. ?2 60@2 75 per :'c:l;
Horse Beans.' $1 86©2 40. ' . t
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal — no good |
lots offering; Yellow Mustard 3Vi@3Sse; Flax,
$2£2 75; Canary, 6»4c; Alfalfa, 12"4©13c;
Rape, lta@2*4c; Timothy. 5>ic; Hemp. 3H^ '
3»ic-per lb; Millet, 2*4@3Vi':; Broom Corn
Seed. $20@21 per ton. .
DRIED - PEAS— Nlles. $1 75®2 50; Green
Peas. $1 75©2 50 per- ctl. . ;
Potatoes. Onfons and \ T egetables. ;
,< There were lighter receipts of river Potatoes, i
, but there was no improvement in prices or
market conditions, there being enough carrlsd
i over ( stuck on : hand . to supply the town 'for
t several weeks without any - fresh receipts.
; Strictly fancy Salinas Burbanks .were, in 'good
request and firm, such stock being" scarce, but
; general offerings were quiet at easy prices.
I Two cars of Sweets. were marketed and cleaned
j up readily at previously quoted rates'. Onions
I were firm, with the best lots held at another
j slight advance. -A carload that came in from
Utah on the preceding day was cleaned up to
j Jobbers at 2c per pound.*
- Fresh receipts of miscellaneous vegetables
j were moderate and the market was generally
( firm for choice offerings. Bay Tomatoes were
• mostly poor and sold slowly, the top quotation
; being obtained only for repacked lots. 1 ■
! ONIONS— $232 40 per ctl for fancy-cut onions
i POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 4W&
I 65c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 1001 3S per
; ctl;' Oregon Burbanks, 75c@$l per ctl; River
Reds, «0®70c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes 80g90e
j per ctl.
! ONIONS— $2^2 40 per ctlfor fancy; cut onions,
1 $1 75(ff2 per sack. . / ■
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 5©i8c per lb:
String Beana, 5@6c per. lb; Wax Beans, 5@fic;
, Lima' Beans, 5@<5c per lb; Tomatoes, 25@75c
{ per box for bay and 75<xg$l for southern; Sum
• mer Squash, 75®85c per box for southern - and
$1 lor bay; Cabbage, 63070c per ctl: Carrots,
75c per sack: Cucumbers. $1 per box; Garlic. 4h
g 5c per lb; Egg Plant, large boxes, \\«$\ 23; do
. southern, . t>c per lb: Dried Peppers, nominal;
! Green Peppers, . 40®30c per box; Marrowfat and
! Hubbard Squash $10© 12 per ton for round I
I Iots ' ' ' ' ' ' . i
j\ ' •' "-' Poultry and Game. • I
j Two more carloads of Poultry, one from the
• Middle West and the other from Texas,, were
■ received, making 8 trars- since Monday. Of
■ these 8 cars 6 have been marketed, and as the
receipts from domestic points have been liberal
the market was naturally' weak for nearly
everything in the chicken line. Trade in large
stock was quiet, as most retailers ■»-,•;« holding
off awaiting a break ln prices. . Small Broilers,
which had previously been weak, were sud
denly scarce and firmer. Live Turkeys. Ducks
and Geese were steady ■ art the old quotations.
Receipts of Game were heavy, but the demand
• was brisk a,nd everything cleaned up well at
unchanged rates. • '
: PpULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, nominal for
fresh stock; Live Turkeys. 15@17c per lb;
Geese, per pair. ?24?2 25: Goslings. 52 **5©2 6O;
Ducks. S5@6 per dozen for old and $6<S8 for
youn; Hens, $4 50i£5 for small and $5@5 50
for large; joung Roosters. $3f?5 60; old Koon-
I ters, $4©t 50; Fryers. S45J4 50: Broiler*. $2 60
@4; Pigeons, $1@125; Squabs, |2 25©2 60. !
GAME— Mallard Ducks. .$3(f4 per dozen;
Canvasback 83®6; Teal, $1 25; Sprig, $1 75®2;
Widgeon. $-l@l 25 ;" Red Heads. $1 50®2; email
Ducks $1; Gray- Geese $2@3- . White Geese,
fl(Bl 75; Brant. $1 25@2 50: Honkers, $3»5:
Snipe. $3 for English and $1 50 for common; ;
Doves. $1 25; Hare. $1 .V*f t 75: Rabbits. $2 .for !
Cottontails and. (1 30- for ' Brush. '<
Butter, Cheese and Ej2*gs. ' 'f;,\
The situation ln both Butter juid Epgs re
mained as before Mated. Butter waa reported
quite dull at-unchanged quotations, and. the de
mand for ranch Eggs was also slow, with 37 Vic
aa the ruling top price, though extra fine se-
I lectei brought 3Sc. But the feeling was weak,
I the disposition was to sell, and there were a
number of sales of first-class goods at 35c,
showing a continuation inf.- the 'declining ten
dency. There was also a sale of mixed-color
, Eggs at 28c. There was no change in Cheese.
! A car of cold storage Butter went East on
consignment yesterday.
Receipts, were -22,'700 lbs Butter, 522 cases
Eggs ahd 2700 lb? Cheese. . . . .'■'•'
gUTT?ER — Creamery at ' flrst, hands. 21c
for extras -and 18@20c- for lower to medium
grades; dairy 17@lSc; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter 10@14c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, 15@16c. . . . • !
• CHBESJS — ll*4©12c for choice mild new and
■l/>®lle for old:' cold storage, 10*4@llc'; Young"
Americas 12®12*4c: Eastern. 10<8 15c per lb.,
EGGS'— Ranch,- 33#3Sc -for good to fancy and
• 28@32*4c for common; cold- storage,' 25®30e; '
1 Easteim. 25@3Sc for choice, 22^2-lc tor ttana- ;
I trds and 10®21c for seconds. • V^ ;; 5 -;? 'A
• ' Deciduous and' Citrus Fruits.
■ The light rain that .fell" yesterday morning
checked trade ln fresh fruits' and the market
j continued 'quiet throughout the day. Aside
I from Berries, which were in light receipt and
! .fairly firm* tbere was continued .weakness In
j all descriptions, and there were very • fe*w.
•! changes in • p'rlces. 'The niarKe't was heavily.,
1 supplies witn Apples and. dealers, were coneed. •
Ing to large buyers right along-. ' Slocks' of i
: "Orangas were, "exdesslv'e and steadily increas- '
'ing and it was expected' that the first public
. auction /sale of t-he season would.be held early
.in the coming week. 'Anutner carload of .Lam
*on*j' came ln and the market waa easier for
' that description; with very few sales reported
. at t"be top quotation. Two cars *>f Craoberrjes.
1 are "announced .for next Monday".
■ STRAWBERRIES— Lo'ngworths, $S®12 per
chest; Cheneys-, f 5&0; MaViivlas and Brantiy- 1
wine». S466. . ' . • |
' • RASPBERRIES—^7@8 -per chest.
..HUCKLEB'ERRIES— 9@llc per lb.* -
•' .CRANBEJ«UES*-$rO®Il. per bbl tor East- |
ern 'and'$2*75®3 per bdx' for- Coos Bay. • ;
APPLES — $1 23 per 'box for extra faijcy, 73c
.|Q$1 for ordinary -fancy and 40$63e for common .
' to- tholce; Lady Apples, $232 25 per box. '. j
• PEARS — Wlntea N«Wlls,- fl'50 per 'box; cook- ;
ing varieties, 5«c<r$l per box. '- . • . I.
' PERSIMMONS— 50@65c.-per. box. " : .. . |
f 1 FIGS— Nominal. . • * * |
GliAPES*— Crates. 4OC"5c; emairboxes. 35®;
60c; opeh boxes, '75ci£tl. • ,
• CItAvs -FRUITS— Oftnges. Navels, $1©2
|per. toox; ■Seeaitngs". 75c<?$l;. Tangerines. 75c for
:«mall and- $101 25 •for ls.rge .' boxes : Japanese
'. Mandari.ns, $1 i5®",50 per box; Lemons, J*2 ao«>3
! for fancy, $1' 75©2 25 for choice, and $1®1. 50
I for .standards; Grape. F,iult, $1 7502 5J); Mexl-. .
tan. -Limes, $4 per oase; Bananas, $2®3 pec i
bunch for Central American and $1@2 for Ha- |
w&lian: Plne&'pples. $1..50®3 60 per doze"n, !
.Dried FVults, . Nuts, Raisins, Honey, j
, • F*RUITS-r--Apricots S®10"4 : c- for' -Royals .and .
.»"4TS12e lot ' Mborparks': .SJectarines,- 6*4@7*4o ;
•'^for Whjte and" 6J4«jr7c for. Red; Peaches.. 7 ?i@ \
8Hc per lb; Pears, 7(g)12c: -Plums, pitted. 60 j
"6*4c /or -blanks.' 7^eSV4C for red and 7<& < SHc
iior *ellow;'Figs, 2-crown brlcKs, 50c;*3-crown \
j &5c; 4-crown,. 60c; 6-crovn. 65c; T»u"k white, ■
J.2-»i-!ij3p;- black 2Vi@5*4c;: Evaporated. Applet. |
1 4*i@6'i,£o pe» lb. - . " • !
i PRUNES — l«s@194c pe.r lb. for the four sizes
[•and 2*4 c basis for the large size.*. * !
j RAISINS— 1,90* crop f. o. t>. Fresno*— Im- j
jpefial clusters-; $2 23g2 W; Deheea, $1 30^1 35; j
• ,- Lon&on .Layers $I@I. 10; Loose Muscatels', 4-
I crown. -6#5J4c; 3-crown. 4*4c;. 2-crown, 3%@
j B9ie;. Seeded,- '4%®6*4cr, .Thompson'? .Seedless, i
I 4i4«S4*4c; Seedless- Sultanas. 3Vic per Iti. .r
JNUTS — Walnuts. No. • *u stjftshell, 12^ ;
13c; No.' 2' 10«JlJc; No. . 1 hardshell. 12c;
No. 2." -10c;' Almonds; -'ie@17c for Nonpartels, 1
■ 14«m*4c for I X L. . 13*4*©14%c-^or Ne Plus
Ultra: and lie fer L^ngued.oC. Peanuts, f.@7e for .
Eastern; Pecans. ll®X3c; Cocoanuts. "$4 SCiSJ-;
'Chestnuts, 7@9c per ;*b for California and 140
KAic' for Italian. • ". ' * .
: HONEY— Comb, Il%@i3cfor whltf an4 10«
lie for "srmb«*r; ■ water white extracted^ BV4®
. 6c; -light atpbtn- extracted, 5@5%jc;" d4rk. ■ a®
4*4C ' -' * ','.'. • '■
BEESWAy— 27©29c per-lb.'
• '. .Provisiohs. ' •' : .' ".*
Some houeee report 'the mbv«n«nt fair and j
others slow. All prlcfes remain unchanged. ;
CURED- MEATS— pecon, 10*4c per 1b.- for :
heavy 10*4c. for light medium. 13c -.for light, j
14c for. extra light and 14*4c. tor sugar.-i.'ured; i
dry-Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies. Her Eastern sugar, j
cured Hams, 12*4$812%c: California Hams.'
12,ei2Vie: Mfss Beef. . 10®10 60 per . bbl ;. extra
' Mess, '$10 60®ll: .Family,- $12012 50; prime
Mess PorK $14 60; extra clear, .$22;. Mess,.
$16 50: Pig Pork. $25 \ Pigs' Feet. $5-; Sipoked
. Beef, 14c per lb. .' * .■ . :
• LARD— : Tierce« • quoted, at 6*4c per lb .for
• Callforxila. compound. -7c, for Eastern csmround ,
and S-tfU^c tor pnre; half-'bat'rela pyre. A*4® i
$%C; .10-lb.tlns. ,JtO%ci C.lbtins. lOHc:* Sf-lb j
tins. 10"4c. -.-' .* - * I
. COTTOLENE— One 'hs;lf barrel. - 8%c: "three i
• half barrejs. 8"4c; one tierce, 8%c"; two tierces,'
•8ftc; jive tierces. SHc'per lb. r
Hides, 't allows Woo| and Hops. *
HIDES AND SKINS-^CulU and brands sell,
about' %@lc pnder quotations. HeXvy salted
Steers... He; medium. 10c: lirht, -9*4c: . Cow
Hides. 8"4c for heavy and 9Hc for ilghti '
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, - 10>4c:. Salted Veal.:
llcrSalted Calf, llVic; dr"y Hides, 17*4C dry-'
\ Kip, *16c; dry Calf, 20c: Shfeepsklns, shearlings, <
' 25(&40o each: short Wool. 40@63c each; me- j
dlum, . 76i590c; long Wool. $1®1 50; Horse
Hides, salt. $3. for - large and* $2 60 . for
medium. $1 50«2 for small and 50c for *Co'-U;
Horse^pi<les .dry..« 75 for larg» and $1 25<9
1 50 'for . medium. $1 for ansall. BOc for Colts. !
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican." 30c; dry salted :
Mexican, 25c; drj' Central -American. SOc; Gt>at :
BWns— Prime v - Angoras. 75c; extra large ' do, j
■ $i 25; large, 60c;. medium. 33c: small. 20c. •
• TALLOW— No. 1 -* rendered, 4®4*4e pep lb;
No. 2. 3»4c: Grease. 2%©3c. ' . • *
• WOOL— Fall cjip— San Joaquln and South- ,
' ern 8®llc; Southern.. 8@9e;- Southern Moun- j.
tain 0@llc; Middle v Counties, free % 12?T14c: f
do ' defective.". 10® 12c ; Northern free. 12©14c; j
do, defectrve.- 10@12c;. Hnmbo'dt and Mendo- i
clno, 16©lSc per. lb. • ; .
, -HOPS^ — 1904 crop. 27 "4 (5.31c per lb.
' Sieat 3iarket. . •
. . xh'e're (s no further -change 'in any" .descrlp- •
tion The market Is only moderately supplied
t and all kinds ; rule firm. .
DRESSED; MEATS. . * 1
' Wholesale rates 'from slaughterers to "dealers j
are as follows:: . ■ • .' |
; t BEEF— 6<8»71* for Steers and 4©5*4c per lb '
fdr Cows. * . • I
SVEAL— Large. e®7"4c: small. 709o per lb. I
MUTTON— Wethers.. 7ff 8c; Ewes. 8^ ©7c pejf
pound.-swgpwJ*tefei *i!u*i!§m*!zaj* * » ■ . ~ - ■• . » j
LAMB— S"4e9*4c per lb. ■■'
PO"R*K— Dressed Hogs,; 6*4<»8*4c: per lb.;
' LIVESTOCK MARKET. --•pIB'
• The followios quotations are tor. good, acond
-Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 403
. 45 ■ per cent . shrinkage : for:- Cattle : ".< ■;•■>■.-.■
•" CATTLE: — Steers 7U®7* f 4c: 'Oow» and -Help
ers. 'S'iOeiic: thin * Cows ■ 4<&5c per Ib.•'-
! "CALVES-^4g4>4c per lb' (gross weight). "
! SHEEP— Wethers. 3»4©3»iC: -Ewes, *3®3<-ic
per lb (gross welghO.
LAMBS— $2 5(%2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 2C0 to 250 lbs. 4*;©4*4e;
130 to 200 lbs. CQ 3 Vic; 80 to 130 lbs.' 4"*S*'"ic;
soft Hogs, not wanted;, sjows. 20 p«r ctnt uX;
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
l off from above quotations.
'• General Merchandise.
! BAGS— Grain "Bag*. 5%85%c spot and Co
for next year; Wool Bags. M<Q32c; Fleece
Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington $S per ton; New Wei- ■
lington. $S; Seattle. $« 60: Bryant. $ti 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn.' $7; Coos Bay. $3 50: -
Richmond. $S; Cumberland, $13 »n bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; We!«h Lump.
$1160; Cannel. $9. per ton: Coke. SllScftU
. per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks: Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $$ 5v pei* *hort ton. -
Harrison's circular says: .Since the steam
ship Sierra .left there have been eight arrivals
of Australian Coal from Newcastle, namely:.
Notre Dam: d'Arvor. -3000 tons; Marguerite
Dollfus, 2560 tons; Ardencraig, 3150 .tons;
Marechal de Vlllars 2950 tons; Rene, 2990
tons; Belford. 3030 tons; William Nottingham.
1341 tons; Max, 250O tons; total. 21.611 tons.
It is evident that colonial Coal Is being de
livered here more generously than our imme
diate requirements call for. as some ships ar
riving here early last month have not yet -been
ordered to a discharging wharf.' The loading
list at Newcastle now numbers only thirteen,
with a carrying capacity of about 32,000 tons;
this is the grualtefet amount at any iln-.*- t.-.n
year. With the coal freights at present ruling'
rates <li.6s to 15s per ton) there will be very
few new names to be added to the chartered .
list for some time, hence our Coal orders wilt
be filled from our coast collieries. Owing to
the. absence of stormy weather »o far. this rea
son the demand for domestic .fuel .has been ex-.
ceptionally light. Oil producers are endeavor
ing combtnedly to increase the value of tlrelc"
output, and they feel • assured they will t*»
successful. Any advances in fuel oil 'will prove
of advantage to stcaiti coals; the market .for
foreign Coals here at present is well sustained,
but the sales are. lighter th*n : usual at this
season.' The best evidence that thfs port ts
not a seductive one for sailing vessels to seek
Is the departure from h<re of a number of
carriers to the colonies for orders "In ballast.'
being unable to find any profitable business
here." • - ...
OILS: — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add Be; Linseed. 51c per gallon for boiled and
49c far raw; Castor Oil.' in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. casee. $1 10*81 12; Lucol, 5Oc for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases;
65@S0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels,
58c for Ceylon and 55c. for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm OH. 63c; v'xtra bleached winter Whale
Oil/ 57c; natural Whale Oil. -22c: extra winter
■trained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c i
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Ne&tsfoot OIL
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Flih Oil 35c; boiled Patnt Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil 31c.'
COAL OIE^- Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 19Hc; Astral, 19^c^
Star. 19%c; Extra. Star. 22ftc; Elaine.
Eocene. 2lVic; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 16c.- in cases. 22%c; 'Benzine, in bu*.
13c; in caaee ldVac; S6-degree Gasoline In
bulk. 25c; |n case*. 31c • • l
TURPENTINE— 79c per gallon in cases and,
6Sc In drums 'and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 1\*9
7»ic per lb;. White Le.ad.. #Vi97»ic; according
to quantity. • .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Retrain* Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. *ln 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Graiiulated. 6.10c: Drjr
Granulated, fine 6c; Dry Granulated • coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet '.Granulated
<100-lb bags only), 5.00c; Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A. 5-COc; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c; "X>." 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; half '
barrels, 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 50- lb Cags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablet*— Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes «.75c; H. ■& E. Crystal' Domlnos,
9c- per rb. N*o orders tak.en -for less than sev
enty-five: barrels •or its equivalent. -i. r. r ':•.;■•■•
Receipts of Produce. • y0.
■ FOR TUESDAY. Nt>VE>fBBR 30.' K-
Flour, qr «ks... l.lOOlHWes.. N/o ....... 181
Wheat, ctl* 5.799|Leather. rolls ... 203 •
Barley, -ctls-.... 3,93S|Shor.ts. sks "ISO
Corn <We»t). ctls" 600|Feed. sks *49 ;
Oats ctls ....'.,. 277| Mustard sks ... • 33 J
• Tallow, ctls ../. lOiBrad. sks •%.;...". 750 '
Sugar, ctls l.OCOtOnioris', sk* ....'. 4C0
Rals'lns. bxs 1.70C|Po'tatoe9. sks ..'.. 2.089
Quicksilver, flsks. 72|Bean». »ka 1.04S
Wine. g"als :i8i25CJHops, bales- ...... 139
R«4>er.. roll* ... 683iWooI. bales ...+.-. • 15J
Lihie, .bbls" 364!Hay. "tons :..... 313
Pelts, bdl lCSStraw. tons •....? S7
• . .. ' OREGdN, . -
Flour, qr sks.., .9.000' Potatoes sks*.... 12
Wheat, ctls 10,731|Qpions. ska ...,. "Sir
Gats, ctls 1.304! • ---
STOCK MARKET.
An Interestirjig Dhy, With the Sugar
"~ . ~ * Stocks Weaker.'. '
Yestesday waa an interesting day on the
' Stock and Bond* Exchange. Trading was brisk
ln the' sugars, which" were weaker. Paaubati
selling off to $20 50. .Hbn.kaa to $13 75 and
Hutchrnson to $14 87%. The directors of ■ th»
Hawaiian Sugar Company at a rpeeting ln
'Honolulu declared a monthly .dividend of 20
cents per share, -payable December 15. and It
is expected that the Ma&awell Company, wfclch
is a holding company la the Hawaiian. 'w(.!l
also declare a dividend -at a. meeting of- the.
directors . to-day. .The brokers say that thes«
eu£ar dividends have been largely discounted*,
hence the easiness in .the stocks yesterday'.
The undercurrent of the market, however, * la
firm, owing to the excellent condition .of the
■ plantations, as already stated*. . Gas and* Elec
tric was lower, to $.55, but it «ut>s«
ijuently recovered to $56. and closed at .$33 87%,
■bid. The're waa sudden activity in* Oceanic
Steamship, which began to' advance several
'days ' ago. and the qtoclc bounded f.rcm $5 50. to
£12. . falling batk to $7 60 bid arid $T0 asked
ait the- close. There were also sales of Contra
Costa Water, at $31 75 ana Pacific- States Tele
phone and Telegraph -at $107 50. North Shore
Bonds, which defaulted ox their. lnter*e«t In Oc
.toher, .were, again ln evidence, • selling -at $94.'
There was a good, business ln other bonds, a'a
will he geeK
. The' oil . stocks continued- qufet. • The Cora
- stock mining* shares showed' ■ no 'particular
thange, but there -was a firmer feeling ln the
Tonopahs* under a very* good • business.
* Ex-dividend yesterday: onomea Sugar, COtf;
Pacific Lighting, 35c. .
The. American SugTar Refining Company has
declared regular, quarterly .dividends of. 1% per
cent on. the common and-preferred stocks, pay
able January 2. •* • • * ■
•■ The Reynold* Chemical Company of S.an
Francisco has levied an.assesament of $10 per
share- delinquent December 31. . - .
The United States Steel Corporation paid a
regular quarterly dividend o'f 1% per cent 'on
•the preferred stock •yesterday: * . - * -
The. Calumet and Hec'a Mining Company pf
.Michigan has declared a regular quarterly dirW
dend. of $10' per; share.' amountlag to $1,000,000,
• pa.ys.ble December .20: .In • 1904 the company
will .have paid $40 per., snare ln dividends aa
compared wlth'$35.1ast year. .
•STOCK 'AX-D BO XD EXCHANGE.
' * .' • •: TVESDAY.* 2iOV. 30— 2" p. in. :
UNITED STATES B.OND&
' '. * - -Bid. Asfc-1 .- " . . 'Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.tl06i4108%|4s qr cp new.l»OTi,i31«4
*4s" qr. reg...l05»4105»i!3s qr coup...l04H —
MISCELLANEOUS * BONDS.
Ala : A W 3s. — — UJafc'T Co 6s.l20<i —
:Asso OH' 6s..83% — *|.-Do.B«'::*..'.U3"4US^
Bay CPC Ss.lOl 102%) Do con Sn.103% —
Cal C O 5s.l02%103 *OceanlC S «s. 70 •— -
Cali G- & E* g Om Cafile. 6s. — 123
m & «"t 5s. 84 — Pac G Im 4s. — * *■. — *
Cal-st C 6s.ll4 — P B Ry 5s.:iO4V»— •
C C^afSs. 9« — P.* .C H.esilO* *—
EdL*& P*C«. — 126 PA O R «s. — . -- "
•P & C H-Cs.H4*4 .Tr Po^»ll-»t 6s. — . —
'Geaxy-st 5s.. B0 — Sac EX3AFMb. — - lOO.f
H C*S 5HS.103 . SF & SJV5s.ll».- 119H
i- Do 5s ....toomoi SUrra R ts. - *—
Hon "n T 6s.l04'4 7r S *P of- A 8»
L: 'V Elec 5s.lf« — MJWW> 10O * —
: 7u A «y 5S..U61411C (. (1»1O> .....110 •— *
; L A L Co '6s — ' -*- . S P of C «s
Do gtd 6s. — • .— . Ol*W>Sr. A.101 .-,
Do- Ktd .V.lrtTVS — 1- ■■rt«K>Si- B.— 103H
.•LAP^lcm .Ts.101 - HROfl) ......10m -^
M tt: e t c.fia.n« , - e » '..... :y*H4 '-t
I Do lem 5s.ll«?i — '3^S ' l * •*** ■**• — . —
• MVA MtTSs.103 - 110 { fro «.tsmprt.10«* IW14
NPR- of ces.106*^ — S P B R fla.134 135 -
* Do Rs ....— *- S V W.t Cs.104% _-.
N T» C R 58.105*4 — j. Do 4s 2<1m.l0n —
! V C* Tty 5*-. — .112 J Do 4s ."Mm. ftfls:
; N C PC *ts. J» — .-• Do r nit»-4s t»% — •
(1OUH 5s. •— 1"> .V Oft?; R-I.1SWU •—
; Q W gtd '5s. '^ 100 nf SF 4s. 87% 87H
! ." ' WATER 'STOCKS. '. .
, Contra Costa -** — . iPort Conta'. .. — —
' Marln Co... *— SOTilS V -Wat Co. 33. -♦
. .GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P.* 3% — |S F G *E. 55T4 5*
; Mutual E L. a» - 11 jStkn G * E. — 6*4
1 Pao L Co... 59*4 — |U G & E Co. — • —
I INSURANCE.
Flrems Fnd.312 — I
BANK STOCKS.
i Am Ntl Bkf.lSO* — Jl P A A 130 " -_
hAngIa-Cai.--.8S.— JMer. Trest .... — 230
i Bank of Cal. — 423 (Merch Ex 50
i CaJ Safe Dp.152 "■ "— IS F National — "—
First Natlonl — 333 j '
S.AV1NGS BANKS.
Geii S & L.2330 — . Sav & L» So. . — 100
Hum S & L." — — Sec Sav Ek*.'. — 42*
Mutual Sav. .— tort Union T Co.. — — •
S F Sav U.610 675 | * JTM
j STREET RATLROADS.
California .. — 200 (Presidio .'.... 40 42
' Geary ...... — . 40 |
\i ■". ™, POW £ EB Y
'.Giant 82*4 — IMgorlt — 4*4
Hawaiian C..74 ! 74UjMakawell C. 33 .-aSU
Honokaa S G 1!> lSHIOnomea SC. « S4- |
Hutch SF. C 14% 15 Paauhau S a »H "0*4 !
Kilauea S C. — 7 '. -
•-.-:.:- MISCELLANEOUS.."^- ' -''-J''- I
Alaska P A.— 95. (Oceanic S' Co. 7»4<lf>
.Cal F'C A.Mil»U!PK Ata.FA. iU. — "
AUCTION .SALES
AT AUCTION. '
80 Horses 80
By order, of D. T. SHIRK of Hirney
Ccunty. Oreson.
• I Will Sell -
R0 HEAD *of CHOICE IIEAVY' EONED.
CHUNKY BUILT YOUNG 'HORSES direct
from hl» ranch; from o to 7 yc'ars old, fro'ia
ICoO to 13CO lbs.
If you want s>i<--,l. serviceable young, horsee
at your own prices, dotf't fail tu attend this
sale. . - . . v
Sale takes place at the INTERNATIONAL.
HORSE MARKET. TWELFTH and 'HARRI-
SON STS^,
' SATURDAY; December a. at 11 a'clock. .
Sale Rain or Shine. •
This stock mU3t end will be soM.
Cal Wine' A. -J7 'iPac C Borx.l37\' •
MV& MtTm: 85 -102 |Fac S Tel Co.l07%103Vi
SALES..' - " :
Morning Session.
Board — • * - "•
10 California Wine Association. .. 77 23 •
5<» Monokaa S Co li> 00
30G Honokaa S ' Co. cash • IS J*
. "l."i Hutchlnson S C C» - 15 62'i
275 Hutchin^on 8 P Co 15*5<>
50 Hutchtnson S- P .Co :.. 15 37%
100 Paauhau S P Co 20 75
2«> Pac States Tel & Tel ■ Co 107 5<>
25 S F* Ga« & Electric *S.V.«0
WS F Gas & Electric.,..' 55 50
40 S K Gas & Electric : 53 75
15 Spring Valley Water *Co 3S>. 23
$4,0(X> Pacific Electric "Ry 5 per cent. .104 50 *
Street — ' - ':
.*> raaunau 3 P Co.* : . . .* .- 21 00 *
$5.C0O *Northern Ry of! Cal 3 per cent.ll!> 5O
Sll.OCO Edison" L & P Co" 6 per cent.. 125 0O
*»21,(XjO United R R ol.S P.4 per cent. 87 25
; "•..•'■ Afternoon Session- ' ' . *
Board — ' *
50' Alaska Packers* Association... 04 CO
10 Contra Costji Water Co 31 73
15O Jrutchlnson 8-' P -Co '.. 15" 2"3
300 Hutchinson S P Co 15 no
. ICO Wutchin-»on S P Co ;.. 14 R7t4
. 60 Hutchlnson S P Cu, b 10 15 00
305 Oceanip a S Co.-. 12 0O
* ' 2O Oceanic S S Co . . . / • U R«>
30 Oceanic S S Co •»..... -11 CO
20 Oceanic S S Co' : .10 00.'
50 Paauhau S P Co '. 2*> 624
110. Paauhau S P Co .' .' 20 50
.30 3 F Gas &'-Electric 5rJ 00
50.8- F Gas A Electric *..... 55 8T*«
14£S F Gas A Elecrric *. 55 73 !
f2.00O Hawaiian Coml A Sunrar Sa....lOO 75
SI. OOO North Shore 5-per sent .* JM CO
$5.CxT0-Sprinn Valley 4s 2d mtge.-. ..lt» 25
$9 t tco I'nited R R of • S F 4 per cent."- 57*23
|13,P0i> S F & S J V 5. per cent 119 12<i
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BOXDP.. .* •
Bid. Ask.i- ' BI^. Ask.
Bay CPC «»..— 100«4tS P C R 4s. 99
B L U'at 6s. — 114v,.s P Co 4H»-101*4*—
CaJ N*W OS..113*- — iSun Tel- es.l.mw —
M C Wat 3s.HK) . — | Do 5s ..:..1CS' —
RJS'I WVsSs — 105 • ISuttr-st R3S.104 • —
SF. Drdk 5s. 112 -^ |: . * •.,: '>,:.^
• * MISCELIiAXEOUS STOCKS. . . ".
Ala S-Co... 23 — . |Tvm&- SF Bk. 5«y 4 CO
Amer Bis Cn — .00 ntat Nav Co. 70-
Cal Cot Mils SO ._.| Xev Nat B k.'20O —
Cal GAECor. 5O - |X Cai P Co. »% 10"
p Jockey Cl.llft — (Oak Bk Sav.2l>> _.
Cal Powder.130 l45*;|Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Ship Co — ' 21 r-IOOF Hall 'A: '6S _
Cal T I & T — -155- .(Orpheum Co.. 1«"^ —
..Cen Bk.- Oak .©•• «7H^-?c'C Cas Co 123 — *
Chutes Co.. 5 ' 6. IPac "Sur .Co. 105 •
City 4 C Bk — 120 ! Pan»f; Paint.*. 3!J —
Cyj» L Imp.. 6 . RH'S F .VYyAoclt. — * . e.f
East- Dynm.. .— . S7.-5 .IrfFASJ Coal. 17ii *6
■DptPwd pfd.' — 95' |S J Wat Co-IOTJ-Z _
D.o.com ..-40. -^ [SO *' MTgbt 125
:FN Bk.-Oak.120 — |So Pac Co.-.i »' _:
■Fischer Thtn — l*4|S"wlss-A Bk.'.12O ••-. .
F.rnch-A Bk.lM • ,— ■ tTrnck' ElecL. It . 12U
Ga« Con A.. IS *20.|UR IhC pfj. — ' -«!u
-Hono P Co,. -29 — I Do com.'. TT -^
'■ Do pool .-.' — ..-31 • ' ■ . - .- . .--•
'■ •*. ■ Board — '*.'"•* :
23 Cal €ias A Elect' CcTRoration.*: 30 »xf
; . 100' .Union Sugar Co ....'.•.'. ,'..'...; 3i uo
California Stock and Oil fcxehanse'. '
OiJ -Stocka— : •• .. .'.■•' Bid, ' Askfd.-
As>oclated-eil Co. S T'Certl. 24 ' 23
California-Standard ",.:. . .• aa * . 17
Clareropnt f, :. ....■.-..•.'. ,... : .'-- SS 1 *!
Coahnga & Pacific,-. ..'.\. ..:'.', ■ 33 *'''••
Forty -..;...-.•...•...•. -. 41 .,. .'
Hanf ord- . . , : . . .'.*. \. : . ..... « % . 185 CO'! '.;..•...
Home '-. . ..- •.; -,ztr - ......
Imperial .- -.,..'. ..'....'..' .12 50 . 18'5O ..
Independence ..". .■..-...-. : 34 • • 35 •
.Junction ...... .;.;.. •....'.'.-. 2O * - . 25-*
aiaricopa .. ,..".^.. .-....;. 10
McKittrick-.-....:v. ..,..»:.. 10' . ..-.;.,
Monte Crtsto ..-. -.-.... 75 ' 80.
.Occidental of W. Val.'.i. .:•;..- "':03 • ..;.i *
Oil City Petroleum.; «2 '•'.
' Reed Crude .....'...,.' -. ..- 2 00 *■' '2 15
•STv^refgn .,....-.. ;. -.- ' a^.
Thlrty-Thr*'* ;".;.i .-...:■." 6 CO ' SCO
Twenty-Kight ...-..-.• ..-..". ,... .15 CO.
Wolverine ..: '. .. ...",..... 40 .'■" -50 •
. Mtscella'neous— '- ■ • '
Cypress Lawn Imp." Qr>; .'-.-. : - . S'SO"
lone A E^aste'rn Ry. .'.i . .'. 50 • . •
Northern Cal. Power- ..;..:.., .'...,. * "10 CO" ;
Oceanic Steamship'Co. .<..'.:.. .10' 00
, ■•,*;.. ".. • '. . 'sales:: ''-:.• . *.'.•
" Merning Session. - '
• Bdard^- * ' - '• * * •
- 50 Kern River .,'... ,; ..'12 09
100 Twenty-Eight Oil ;....-......... ««>'
• 3.1 United Petroleum '..*..,.■.•... .i lCo «> '
1000 Independence- ...' ,'..,.-.'.^..i....'- :H
ICO Home •...-..'. ;...„ 53
. 200-Oil City Petroleum. .:'. ;,Iu#.. -65.
Afternoon' Session. ' ■. -.
. Eoard— '■ .* • • '•.-.-. • ' .
"Sf-O California-Standard ..-...-.- ......'..' IS
7000 Associated Oil- ~. ,.'..... .2*
Street*- • • -. •• ,* : .
100 Uonw ..;.:.....'.;... ;. 63
• - 311nlng Stocks.. *
SAN' FRANCISCO 'STOCK EXCHANOTiS. .
Following .were the sale's on tie &f\p FrUAi
.Cisco Stock and'Excbang* Board yesterday: . .
.- . Morning Session — Comstocks.
200 Belcher -23 300 Mexican .,...'.1 20
200 Belcher ...'... 26 100 Ophir :..,... .2 40
100 Chollar .'. 19. 20O Overman 14
If* 1 Challenge ... 18 1 400 Savage : ' 33
•600 Gould A Cut.' 28! BOO Savag* -..;..;. SI
400 Hale A Norc.l 20 31K). Yellow -Jacket. H
1300 Justice ...,.,.- 06| • . '.*-..•
* ' Afternoon Sesaioa-rCbnutocXs. ...
100 Andtf* '..,....'. '241 600. Savag* '..'.: ,V 83
200 BulUb*i ».'...: ' 241 200 Sierra Nw..:; 4T
100. Con CM' & V.X.S&t 10Q Silver Hill.:.. ' 63
200 Crown Point.. lSf SCO SllTer-Hlllr M
200- Gould A Cur. 25(. 10O Syndicate .... 09
10O- Julia" ...:.-..." 04t30O Union Con,.'. ., 8S
W. Mexican .1 23' SCO .YeJlow. Jacket. • 1M
100-Savage .' 34| •- ' . ' '
• ' •• : . CLOSING QUOTATIONS; .
' • Bii-'Askl ; . ' •JSttd-Ask.
Aloha; 12. -■ 13! JuHi .......*.... 04' M
Alta .1 ««, OejJustlc. ....... 05. Ofl
\Bde. ..:.;..« 23{Kentuck .,..-. 03 ■ 03
■Belcher .; 24- 23|Lady Wash .. 03* 04
B«st' A Beleb.l 15M 20|MezJcan . .....1 2O'l 23
Bu41|on ..:'... "2* . 23jOccldentaf 8O M
Caledopla .;...■ 45.' 4«tOphlr. .... 3 40-2 45
Challenge-;.. 17 WlOverman 13 U
Chollar 18 » Pot«si ., : ...,. 1» 2J>
Confidence-,..- S3' 90 Scorpion W P3
Can. Cal-A .V,l 80 t S3 ?avag« „... SI. 32
Cim imperial. .— -'. 01|Seg Belah«r..V 0« 08
Con-NT 1 .;.. 03 04'Slerra Ne» «a 49.
Crowp Point... "17 19' Silver Hill,..'. 64' «
Eureka Con.. . — -. W> St*. Loula — 0T
Exchequer ... 47 4S!Syndtcate .... m OR
E. Sierra »N*t 03 ORlUnion Con.-... 57 59
Gould &*Cur. 24 2n[rtah *W 09
Hale ft Norc.1 15 l*20iT«Uow Jacl|eL* 19 . 19
-TONOPAH AND GOLDF1*ELD. '■STOCKJ.
" * ." Morning Svsslon. ' '• ■>
1C0O Kendall ..... -25|3OQO Sandstorm ..! 33
2S00 MacNamara • . 23I100O Silver Pick .. 17
ir.o *Jt>Dt Ton..l 72HI 5<X> Ton Belmont.. f8
I00O Paymaster .. 051 500 Ton Goi'i Mt. 18
400. Ray & O'Brien 07 1 ICO Ton cfS«»..9O9
Afternoon Session.
200 Gold Anchor, *20| 400 Ray.<- O'Brien 07
1000 Goldflrtd Alhk lSltf.'OO Silver Pick .. 1.1
30# Jumbo >53!lCCi>Ton N fflar... 27
1CXV) UaoN'amara . 24 2OO Ton N Star... Vt
1CTO N'Y Ton Cop. Ill ?<V) Ton Belraont.. 70
30* Bullfrog Mln*. lfij.SflOTon Gold Mt. I*
400 Biinfrog Min- 171 10O Ton. of Nev. 9 12S
2C0 Bullfrog Mln. 1SI SOO West End 13
100O Paymaster ..- C5 ■• • MSH
! : CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. Tononah. .
Bid. Ask. I *. BI.1 As*.
Ton of Ner.. — 9 231 Rescue M 07
Mont* Ton ...1 7f> 1.75jTon A C»! IB 19
Ton Exteh . . 1 »5 2 OO( Ray A O' Brien " — 07
MfacNamara . 2< 23lPayinaster ... 04 03
'Ton Midway.. 33 33)X4tt!« Ton. ... 42. —
Ton Belmont.. 70 73lEjperanza .... 01 f2
Ton N Star... 25 2f[Gold Anchor.. — C*
Ton Ohio -r MlQnincy ........ 11 ,—
West End ... 13 — IN.Y Ton Con. — " 10
Ton Qold Mt. 15 17! ■
1 ■ . Goldneld.
Sandstorm* ... 34 — iGoldfleld W f.9
Red Too .... 13 I4'V«rnaI Mln ., W .11
GoMflfM *Mhk -r 19< Black Butte .. 14" —
Columbia — l«jBlue Boll . — V-H
Dtamominetd. 2S —Adams ....... 00 -r
; Jumbo ... v ... .12 MlSUver Pick .. — i|
TO*NOPAH MTNING EpCCHANOB.
Following were t*»« (tales on tj*» Fan Fran
cisco and Tonop»h Mining Exchange yesterday:
M<n-n!r— r»«rlon.
"1««» Bullfrojr MinT W|icr.o Sandstorm .. . . 34
■ 10OO Eullfrosr Mln. 5'! 1C0O Sandstorm ... .""J
lf«H> OoWfleld S PS W ' -*^ Ton Relmont.. 70
5fO Jum^ ".. M' "/> Ton Rfclmnnt..* 71
1 4OfO MacNamara . 2S!fSro Tnn Midway. . -ti
1«> Mont Ton. .1* 72U-. 2;">O Ton. N f»tar..y ' r«
ifOrt >? *Y Ton Con ■ 12! W*» Ton N Star..." Tl
2000 Rescu* ...... 07i"762 Vernal Mln .. PJ
Continued on Fan li
1516
THE
38 and 40 THIRD STREET
orrsr ail itight. . pnoax bush si. •
LARGEST CUT-RATE STORE
IN THE CITY.
DUFFY'S MALT WHISKEY....:........".., 70q
• The enly genuine Daffy. ' '. - .
CASTORIA, FLETCHER'S..,:.....,..:..:. Ogfi
The c!d standard.. . ; ; - ' .'
HERPICIDE. ...... .......... ....,.,.....; 70p
w' tl » - . ;.. . f AaU
. Wewbro s. • " • -. ■•."-. . •■ .-• . •
HacREfiZIE'S KOLA CELERY COMPOUND :,.. % C K«
>., For tk acrrfi Take it now. . ■ •, \- _ -.V y*>
BATH CABINETS, QOAKER. :. ■'. . . . ■ ,. . \ .; ,00 lift
.... ihe tot test. - .- '...'., •; -■ yyntu
CANAMMALTMISKY;:.:;..;.;.':.^';. :()Ch
.: .SMqtartktfli^. The finest '. :-/ ■;:./. . # U V"
POROOS PLASTERS, AMERICAH..-:::;. § | ' 0 fli.
v^^l^idiife^m^^ixifa' large,. •" ' 3fbp56cl; ■..4*'^
?ACKERlTAR : |ftA||||ivJ ; : . | . . 1 1 j 5 Q
ciESfWTECTp|..^
; VaJiir: : :'':-: [ . '■■", ' .■; ' .' ■• - ' •'•'. . TV' J
OOMMEKCL1L- TRAVELERS -
; to • give theater: party
aiajestlc Will Be the Scene of GaUi
";•■': icring of Road 31en of San". . .
; ■ • : lYaiicisco. . :: V.. : . "'•'".• ■■■'.'■[
. The San Francisco Commercial
Travelers* ' Association- will give its. an
nual theatrical party and benefit . at
the Majestic Theater next;' Wednesday
evening:. "The Senator,". W.H. Crane's
famous play, .will be the attraction.
The organization's composed of the
trade rustlers'. of the' leading mercan
tile, houses of San Francisco and they
have friends by the Jeglon who will
be out in full -force.' ;.' -.-;.
The officers of the association are:
CC. Miller, president; Henry Heinz,
Vice president; J. A. Armstrong, -treas
urer; Ji- B- Merged, -secretary; O. C.
Sievers, financial secretary;- Frank
McGeeney and J. E. Brandon, ser
geants at- arms. -V :'■■ ■'[.'■ '. .":■ -. •
Sunday at Bjirm.
: / Best Sunday otiting.". Ticket good Fri
day afternoon .; to ; Sunday afternoon, 01
Saturday morning: to Monday morning:,
ST.SO. includes railroad fare. • transfer
Btation to hotel* 2 days'- accommodation
■at Byron Springs Hotel, use of mineral
baths and waters. : Tickets at Ferry
l>epot: - ■•■•■.■.--:•■■..•;■•.■■• ;.,. .• . - . .•
Interloper- Is Arrested.-
\ . O. H- Lacktnah was discovered by
the: proprietor of 'the V Wellington
House, .75 Third street., in. one of the
f poms on Taesday '■ nliht" He .had a
yajlise and '.-wag oyerhaiiling. th«s;coii
t^nts . when ; caughlu -The; proprietor
tianded him over to PoHceman' ••■:"
JCaniara; who took : hinv -to the City
Prison and- locked .; 3iim .up in ' "-. "the
tanks-*" ' He. "ftjil be'diiM^dijsitli^lillQfr
glaryvv ..^; -I'-:-':';, 7 ;:■':'■■'._ J. :: ;- '.-v,? •.'••'■.-• '••'. : - ;.:
&0,- FtU t«B;- ;^o4; >a«"4rrjTed; -nobW«»'
thaa >TerV .Tpq* I>lllpn ■& . Co..opp.Pkl*c«- ,* ._;
V>' ■:.'■ iPtEApS ":6tJ.lLfrt-- TO/ FOizGEBij. -^George
..- SltCJierlaii-- fcwfefceT/ »lla«" •■George "McClellan,
5 .= j.Ven.dc'J •'/fralliy In Jn<ig* . tie wTor*.? •• .e.butt : . yes-
' -.-tv-TtJitV .to- ,t-»»-<>-. choree* of .ft»rger> r : ' ,H« was
■j (KmWnjripd \ta'. *fH« i'tifelv,*- . year* .-.fn. JPplsqnJ.
■; pei:.neatiar>%ca' each-chsirge; th<«- : aehtencefl to
.,- .yun"..(p.(,»n'cUirt^nllj.-.-'-;.7 ! !rerif-'jrenB'lhrtc' rrrto.r ic0h
•' ..vlVtions ftgaliict -Kliri .for petty larcefiy- aftd .one
.."•.for '■iotgeryJ . 'Hit jjassM. . ipfged .checks -upon
'-■ iiiiifiiiil %'ii'im j* y *h* o.tfc«r»- .la ' May = last -.fnd
. . Afpotie .thi - -yi.ct "ma \ «-«* "W. . -H.^ W«st.erf eld
.'•^nti Antpnio i' f ratnit •. ■-: [;-■ ■] ;. ■ : : . ■'• ■ :. -.■■■.'
■. :'-. Tti^.Guiid of -Arts and Graft* ca'taioKufe made.
. . t'y-- Edward • Know-It* Ctr.. C4^^ ISecond st. •'•'■ "'"
"f /XTAVrrS p^A p TfOM AN"S • JKWELS^P.'- Wi
ToTrtsltifs ;j"«£t."crday. tsueij .'Poblie Administrator
■ >T; J: :•' Hypes'- to. set posecssidn of -JIOOO: wortli .
• «f jewels taken as. the property-: of Mrs. A..
. ..I>JrP**-: Mrs. Ltpp€ •was irrested- last, jyqe by
.. ' thopctfee knd cafd- that>he waV "Que<n of the
•; .IMckpoctetr." .£h*'-u-asfound. to be- Insane ' aird
•was Tentto.-AKnfira.AfylUm.' where: she died'
• In July, Tic polk*. turafid her Jewels over to'
.''31 yces. but rnrprtlhg cialras that as -he • bonght
. than 'for: the weman they, are'-' hli own; '.;--_;
\ dragons, Carnages ahd
V Buggies at
• 50c oiv the Dollar ■
> Qne of the larj?e wholesale houses of' this city: is "'Wointr'.'out of
the wigon andcarriace business and they have " sold their stock to
us at a_phenomcnally low price. The stock comprises a complete line
of standard waRons.^carnaRes and buggies and we are Roirij? to sell
them as stated for. . ' •' •'
50 Cents on the Dollar . ■..
• . They 'must be sold quickly
Come and get first choice KgB
SPIRO HARNESS AND WAGONS COMPANY
307-309 MARKET STREET
PORTQ RICAXS SEEIvIXG
' • ; ' EDUCATIOXALr PRIVri/EGES
Forty-Fi\c of the Xatlon's i Wards Arc
: . AdniJtted; to the 'Washington
. ''.. '. "-. Evening: School. •
"The. Board of Education .is -confront
ed With a perplexing problem in the
application made. Tuesday- night by
forty-five Porto Ricans for admission,
to the Washington \ Evening ' .School.
They" were brought here" recently to
work., under, contract, but were set
adrift by". the United. States.immigra
tion • authorities. They have located
oh Broadway and desire now to avail
themselves' of the educational' privi-.
leges to which they are entitled under
the protection of the . UnUed States.:
Xorte of .them can "speak, a- word of.
English and their- admission, to the
school wHl necessitate the employment'
of an additional teacher' for a special
c*.sss. The board will- ta'ke .some ac
tion, in the matter at its meeting to
day. • - :
Tq Your '.Advantage,
: Don't, wait unti.r the last, moment if
you " desire- tq select diamonds, watches
6r Jewelry, for hoHday-. presents. Now 'is
the .time to see." the full assortment, be
fore the. rush begins. A»" Andrews' £>ia-'
mond Palace." 121 Montgomery st. •"
Slashed, on- the Neck.
• AlbortHall, hack driver.' 37 Hamil
ton, stree'r,. secured a warrant •' from
Police" Judge Mogan. .f qr the.-arrest Of"
C.. P. Newnlan, .37"Girard street; on a
charge- of baftorj'.' j. Hall got Into .a
light with. Newman on a. car b'tf San
Bfuno'ayehu'e on -Monday nighjt, and
Newman, slashed, hirn'oft. the neck ".with
a;- knife: Vjlall adm-ltted to'Poltceman'
Alacjrhee - : that", hie. "was. druiVk'.ahd" ha-d
insuUea \Newman .and" "a : .la"d.y cpmn
panioh '-withoirt- prprdcatfon.- ";;'■"• ." - •
.' Trachoma.' is granulated E-^'eli jl^. • Mu*
ririe^ Kyu : .ft.emeay curp*. tliik : an'd" other-
Eye troubles.^ maKesj we.dk Eyes strong."-*
■ :KEft}f-lJbsfcS-ms CASE.— The- jury in .iht
vise': 6T. (Jottlleb Kern.' \s. [ the Pac.ffld C«4«t
Lumber- and; • Furniture.. Manufacturing J Coin/
pany" 'returned . a ve'rdfct -for th.e'-' defendant
y*»tefil»y'49ihS-..UnUed--$5tat*« Oiecuff Court."
JCern ,«ued ; '^J>r (Jimajes- loc "th^ Io»s : .ol
i- t*rt> -flnse'ro anfl-a.-tliuml)- while- worRlns *!th
»; -r!pB*.w..:-*Ga,vitf ■ J4c.NjUi conducted 'the ' catfe-
ftor tEe .<Jefense v - - * ; .. "■ ■ . ' 1 ■'...•'■.
'. -^rnik* X!lw»'«'[ Crfre-" tor Co"n«uni^t(rti 1
tot- Coughs an*. Colds. .By" all ■<1rup*r!»t»'. 25c. .•
, KELtOGG . "R';AJVES. . E^CAMIK^-XIONx^--
biiyef : M. -KeltbEg. the. defaukl'n? 'aBsistant
po»-tma«ter. at/ BerHeley/.-was a*rested." yastef-
•Ifiay- by I7»it«d- /Mammal'- Sbjtie on" -a
ccinpialnt charxlng.the- embezzienreitf -of 9UH;
h*'lnjr-the-.property.'bf the-UnUed.fitat{|B. Kel-
Iopff wa-K-pJ exainln'atlOD and wag .released on'
$:.00 boBdJr." ..•.".•.". - - • . ' • • • •
THE SAN FRANCISCO V CALL, THURSDAY; DECEMBER 1^1901.
CONFESSES HIS
HOPELESS LOVE
Robert f isfier Narrates Touching Tafe
II of Unreciprocated Affection.
MAIDEN SPURNS HIS SUIT
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Robert Fisher was all a-tremble with
emotion as he stood before Police Judge
Moganand 'confessed an incurable
passion for Miss Grace- Dillon of 291
Pase street. ' His lanky frame shook,
his busby red hair fluttered and a fal
.tering voice betrayed tears behind. his
spectacles.
"I .can't Help worshiping her," . he
murmured. "Earnestly have I tried
to thrust Her from my mind, but each
time I see her my devotion ' revives
with augmented vigor. When you of
fered to release me two- weeks ago on
•.• :_=. — : — A '• ' : ' •!•
condition th'at I would promise to re
linqu'isl]'my hppeless suit I accepted
"the proposal and sincerely tried to ful-.
•fill my pledge. ; But 'twas useless.. The
next time I saw her on- the street the
- impulse' to converse with her returned,
and banish.it I could not. It. was to
•see her face andpjead for hep pity, that
I went to her house and rang the 'dpor
•bell. " If she 'had ap'peared I would
• have- declared my- lov.e."* . :*^-
!.' It w^s her '-s.tepfather, R. W. Gel
.lings, who'.responfled to the tinkling
L summons, • arid he it was. who- figured'
! as .the .comRlainajit at the lovelorn Mr.
'Fisher's, second arrest. Mr. Geriipjrs
. informed the- |j.udge that Mr. Fisher
■wa's " very much of, ' an annoyance not
,ordy to*' the. object o( his "adoration, but
;aisp-to-'her Relatives, and aslied for his
1 suppression'. ' • ' • . ' .; . v
: "AVby can't • you . worship .at -a- dW-
tance?". the Judge asked the defend
•an£i.- '; '. .- '. •_ * .: .' . • "*
. ..'T have' tried* to.' do. so, but "the. desire
'to .-converse '.with' her-*-t0' hear her.
• voic^wili not be. denied.^ ■ . ' • •
: ;.The Judg£ acknowledged his -inab'il~
ity.'to- appre6ia'te'.sijeh.an : ineradicable 5
; attachmen£. to an .unresponsive "pers'ori"
: and ; -renxande<J. Mr.. 'Fisher .for "fixrther
i' inyesti'gJition". t ', .. ■.:•••"'•
' Rflss" .Billon, wh.o .Is. an .'e^trenTely
pretty ' yo ytn.fi: lady,;_ sat" • in co.urt, But
was. not- .called, tpi testify • against • t^e
victim ..of. urrrequited lpve^ He -was a
."store .clerk u'ntif Gupid .lncapapitatea
•him for 'SLjiy "task .other- than m.ooning.
The^gicr ky^s ithfit never .did she.say
.or do . anything- ; to -Mr. Ffsher thafe. a
reasonable-nilnfled persn.n- in his place
/3ould= interpret as -an invitation tp Woo.
.'-.."'.- l' " : ".'*■"•••''•'•'.
;..- Th'dmas .Egfan,- a:, hod .jpar'rier, was in
'toKjcated .and -wailbwlrig • in a box. of
.noft .mortar : . at" • Ninth.", and Market
•.BJtreefs when- Patpolman- R. A. Curtin
aTrested 'hrim an.8.' ruined. a. new. uhi-.
.f obn^' .'The -prisoner • insisted on • fern-'
.bracing his" oaptor. and -finally siicceed
: e'd in so doing; despite strenuous' effort ■
to keep him a.t arm's" length. Judge"
Fritz. : -flne4'Mr.-.Egan $5 arid .instrudted
him to purchase fi'new coat for the'pq-'
.iiceman. '.■••"'..'
• '■• • • :.'• - '•• -. "••. -'• • " ..'•
.'TDeacon'-' JTones, whose habitat Is the
tenderloin, "disturbed -the peace at \: 3.6
o'clock' last" Tuesday evening- on thq
Aiit block of Ellis; street by vehement-'
ly opinirrg- that. ••.'Battling" Nelson
would-be whipped in short order 'by
"Young . CoTbett," said'apinion jarring'
harshly on the nefves of certain-spec
ulators who. had" bet oh Nelson. Par-,
trolman Hook Informed. Judge Megan
that the-iittre man's arrest was essen
tial }. to his', "preservation from assault:'
by the persons 1 whose sporting acumen'
he ridiculed. " •■ •.
' "Dat am true, eberv wohd >- ob ; It,
[Marse Jedge." : sajd the "defendant;
"but doan yo' fink; Ah' ve bin punished '
enuff fo' wot. Ah: did? Jes' kinsidah;
Maree Jedge, dat ;Ah 1 ; waz- a-gwine "teh
see de fight' w'en'Mars.e Hooklheahtiik
me in. Efspendin'.de night in Jafl
wuzn't soffldently cruel, fo' de . Lawd's
Bake tell'me wot yo" a-g^ine ten do wif
me?" ••■ ;-■ : t r :]-■:; . ::■;.;■ ■'•■-■
Hewiilbe told to-day. '
*■'■.'■•. '■ . ' • ' ■ ' • ' * ■'-/.*
Frank Doyle and John Clark, com
rades ; in vagabondage, were ; operating
an ingenious scheme of ; alms-getting
when Patrolman .Nolan", broke', up
game by. arresting: them." They stood "at
Third and Market streets, and 3Mr.'
Clark, trembled as- if -ague-stricken,
while Mr. Doyle attracted the attention
of the passing throng to the pitiable
spectacle. ...
' "\Vot's de matter wid de poor man,
anyway?" Mr. Doyle would ask .of the
atmosphere before putting' the question
to Mn Clark, whose teeth chattered so
r.apidly as to make his reply inarticu
late. Then Mr.- Doyle would inform the
crowd that in' his opinion the shaking
man needed immediate medical aid,
and h'e for one was willing to contribute
a mite to the sum required for his
transportation to the City and County
Hospital in a carriage. While the bat
tered hat of Mr. Doyle was circulating
and the charitably disposed were pour
ing small change into it the policeman
arrived and recognized a pair of very
©Id* offenders .In the line of 'vagrancy-
Judge. .Mogan v will sentence .them to
day. -•'-.-■ •.
Sixteen-year-old Augustus Bacchi, re
cently imported from Sicily by. his eld
er brother, conceived a' violent affection
for his' sister-in-law," a buxom matron
about a dozen 'years his .senior, and so
pestered her with his- attentions, that
she complained to her husband, who
kicked -the youngman : out of his' house
.on' Union street "and- then . gave, him
into custody for disttfrbing'the. peace of
the household'. Among .those who tes
tified, were the;moth"er. and. mother-in
law of the defendant' both of-whom
fervently expr.ess.ed the desire that he
be sent to prison. The 'boy pleaded that
"he was a victim. of a conspiracy,, as the
charge against him 'was absolutely
false and the real motive of the.prbse-i
cution • .was to get possession of . $110
which he "had earned and' saved at the
Alaska fisheries... Judge Fritz has taken
the case under 'advisem.ent'. • '".. "•
James Kelly, of Jet rcomplexiqn, and
Thomas McQuilla'n, of Celtic parentage,
Informed -Judge Cohlan. that foe years
they have maintained a; friendship in
comparison' with" which j the -Damon-
Pythlas tie.-up. was non-cohesive and
the Davld-Joria.thah cgmradery'a" flim
sy bond. Since their firs^ meeting, whe"n
they tolled side by side in the construc
tion of a railroad, they have ' selddfn
been .".separated,- but even when- far
apart in a physical sense they were in
intellectual proximity. They were un
able to' find -any other, reason for. the
mutual attachment than a .spiritual af
finity that erased the .-color line. In
deed, Mr.' McQuillan had long ceased
to realize that Mr. Kelly was >. negro,
although he <air.'McQ.) - was not affllct
-ed with 1 color. blindness. ''For .the Ethio
pian race as a jw-hole" Mr.". McQuillan
had no use — indeed, his outspoken.sen
timent had' mor» than -once provoked
razor play.. ' * : '
. ,The inseparables' were, drunk" end dis
orderly • when a policeman.- arrested
them' about two ".rnonths ago,- and- to
gether they spent sixty days in.jatt'and
together 'they -we're '.released*. Together,
aisd, they got drunk* agate. night before
last, and onde rnore. they" were- rt^nin
as.a .brace.- Patrolman-' White,. '• who
made the '.arrest.. to;d '. Judge Cohjan
that the colored" riian' was the most or
derly- of • the . two, r a statement -which
evoked strong . protest if rom Mr.- Me--
Quillari." I."'.'. " ,. :.". .- .
"D,on.'t lQt there* be; any discrimination
In this matter,' Judge," he said. ."Both
o.f us • were ' drunk and dlstirderlyy. but
there/was' not & shade iof difference.': in
the "quality -of. our ■ conduct. . Mr. Kelly
is ho more to blame "than I am, and? I;
hope you'll give us both the same doSe.'"
: His Honor made It thirty, days apiece.
! ■ '' *' ■"'■ * '' : * ;. . '* »' '. ■■■■'■
Miss' Teresa " Hendry - asked 1 /Judge"
Mogan to sentehce her. for the offense
of 'which • she was convicted about a
year "ago, . arid a lawyer seconded the
request. • "She { was arrested for bojn
bardtng with- stones '. the } residence of
a business man whom she. had V pre-'
vibusly harassed in his 'store -be"cause
he refused' to makei ; srood 'an: alleged
promise to marry, her, .uttered four
teen years ago. The "Judge, pronounced
her"^- ffuilty, ; released « her ": oft • her .'own
recognizance , and .deferred sentence'
from time to ; time until she "declared
herself .-aweary of-, the i procrastinatioh.
"I -want to be sentenced," she said,.
'.'so that i I" can ■ bring ; ; civil j suit ' *-. for
breach;of promise," whlchj I ''do
while^ this, case is hanging- over my
head."' ) a8akJ6BM8^88B
was assured'bV- therbench that
HEALTH BOARD
ON THE STAND
Trial of Quinn Case, Which
Involves the Appointments
of Deputies, Concluded
OFFERS NO TESTIMONY
Abe Euef, Attorney for the
Board,. Says That He Has
]\ T o Rebuttal to Present
The trial of the Quinn case. Involv
ing the legality of .the appointment of
the deputy health office and inspect-"
ing physicians by the Board of Health,
was concluded in Judge Sloss' court
yesterday morning and. December 13
was. set as the date for the arguments.
At the conclusion of .the plaintiff's case
Mr. Ruef 'announced that he had no
testimony to offer Jn rebuttal. •
• Dr. John V. Hughes, a member, of
the. Health Board, was examined first.
Hir .said' that he relied largely upon
Dr. Ward and told of the resolutions
introduced 'for the.changes*in-the of
fices. The resolutions were' offered in
evidence. J. W. Cameron, former as
sistant secretary of the board,' contra
dicted some of Dr. Ward's testimony
of the day before., He insisted " that
upon the date of his .removal Dr. Ward
had complimented him upon .his work,
thanked him for courtesies and told
.him" that the changes were "the. result
of. the political wheel-turning." Cam
eron said that ne frequently performed
the secretary's duties when the Jatter
•was- absent frofn the -office.
Edward. F. Moran, secretary of the
ClviL Service. Commission", was recalled
to^ tell more about the classification of
=the health office. "positions. He said
that in January last there were 219
•temporary emplpyes. in th'e .depart
ment, pot including those new em
.ployes' w.ho were said t© be exempt
from civil- service. In February there
were 22 Q temporary- employes, certified
and a list of these for that : ni6nth land
each- month. up..td- November, with
their salaries and duties, was offered
in fevidence- :'• .. • . . - -
Judge Sloss suggested that, the at
torneys' in" their arguments .should go
fully. Into the question whether the
persons- involved' were- "officers", .or
"employes," arid if '"officers'' how far
it affec"ts the board in abolishing the
position's :arb.itrarjiy for -the . purpose
of .getting 1 .rid of "the Incumbents.
This is the last of the civil, service
cases that, have been -brbught'-to court
and the: decision will ha;ve an Import
ant bearing upon- the- rights of several
departments.-. . : •' . •'
Alaskan Collection .Removed.
The great c'ollect'ioii .-of "puriosities
'that was. ..given by "the Alaska.-Com
mercial- Company.: to the University of
California a few years ago on.thecon
dit'ion that it should b:e kept' on .exhibi
tion hjas been broken -up." Next to "the
assemblage -. of things- relating to
Alaska .to" be found, in the "Smithsonian
Institution -in' Washlrition . it consti
tuted, .the". 'greatest' Alaskan show in
the-, wortd.' '". : '..•. ..." : •
:.' The dem&rid for "space Jn . the '.ferry,
building by the North -Shore"- Railway
for waiting' rooms is assigned as -the
cause qi the.' dispersion of. th« ' great
Alaskan collection. .. Part ".of the-col
lection, has- beien'sent 'to. -the .unlyerslty
>t- BeVketey and : par< to .the: A'ffllia'ted
Colleges....- .■••*..' •'
the pehding sentence would in no way'
interfere with 'any proceeding, 'she
might . 'undertake ' through : the-' ' Su-.
pertor- Court,. and her". legal adviser as.
.well ashjirs'etf seamed to b'e surprised
by "the 'information.'. ' ' ,.-• * •. '
" !.'Of :< cou'rs.e, if you. insist "on being
sentenced I must "comply," said -tHe
Judge, ''bujt- i do riot desire to' send
yoii to Jail,' -and I fail id see. .why your
attorney should .w^tn't-to "have 'you im
prisoned. I .h-av'e postponed- your sen.-'
tence simiply to keep you 'frbrii -repeat
.}ng.-"the", offens'e pi .which ypu:: were
cbnvktedi -and Aiy action \vduld: have"
no -'bearing, .whatever, °- n any.pivil pro
ceedings--you- «n.ay Institute fn the
higher" pqurt." r •'".'.' • ■ '• ■ . ■
'Miss* Hendrjr .deciSed'jBhe -would* no
longer en"deav6r to .break iii'to jail,-' and
hef :lawyer .looked sbfaewhat bewll*
dered 'by the '-; turn j tfye affair' had
taken. • • * .. * . " ■•.--.
\ '. ApVEgtTiSlEaiENT& : .
>• ••• :.•• • .- • -. ' '"' •
LThtB^t In Qualify
I The Best in Flavor
f- The Purest Type ■
BILBERT MERCANTILE OO.,
£ IM-ltt Second St., San Frjuiclaoo.bal.
• . Telephoas PrlT»t'» 313. ■•
tj: HALE'S. _, ' I. r - •' BALE'S. '. • . .-. _^
Rale's open Saturday night and every Saturday; night till Christmas.
Toys ! Toys I Everywhere
That's the Way it seems :. third floor overflowing with, them,-
- .._ fourth floor, too. ;• .
Up on the fourth floor wheel goo'ds and*, doll .furniture; and
doll carriages are taking twice as* much room as] they -did. last
. year. But there is a-Christmas atmt)sphere»all- through. the s;6re;'
suggestions at every turn and doubly -interesting for they're all
lit*. To-day from the toy store comes a splendid kroupir.g of values to be'
compared arid understood better. First- 1 - . ; ■-.'.- .* .".--.
.* 16-Inch". Doll at 45c ."■ .. .";" .:
It's a tcautiful doll, made of kid. with bisque head,- eyes" that open,
and close, lace stockings and patent leather slippers. It's a doll that 45c
gives but a scant 'idea of. That's the reason- we" aTe • emphasizing it.' so"
strongly- to-day ; v . " " " .';*- • . . ;
M&arlc lanteras at $1.QO —^That . * Iron Stove, 25c — Just like big ones.
: aren't as big as some 50c ones with lots of usable C"*okirig uten-
• and yet are better than m,ost- sils — frying pan. kettle. lid
$1.50 ones, for It's In the lenses lifter.' It's. a gift the little girl
> v r % their worth lies. They're unusu- will br. tickled." to • have- • Santa
ally strong. • 12 slides. They're * Jeave In- her stocking Christmas
.. better than many $1.50 lanterns. " Eve. -- " . . ' : .
Steeplechase, 30c — Jt's a big board -. " ' . • . • .
game, with metal' horses, and . Ice • Wasron, 45c — 12 tnches long
provides lots "of. fun. and excite-- . •■" painted red; with Jrori man and
ment for winter evenings,, for - two horses" that will turn la any
big folks as well as little folks. . . direction. • . : • .-
To=Day's Winning Picture
\*<ffi" '• ■ ' r ''/^ T^'\i ' : , Drawn :-by.El-
J^^ { : ■ ....... yft gf :ft- a^e.'S. N5.3857'.
' V i - * '" ■• ffl--- ■■' mm ' .• Twenty-fifth st;-
/ VL-^^l^J^^^ ■'■'.'• • " : : " ■ .' ' Sa " Francisco. .
f -^\ ' *tc-- r ifc*-'w.'" ;V 7';.* . '-$5.00'. for each
f-V^^ ~ -^FaKJ) F^l ' \<- : ' ' °. n# ? nal • Pictures
/.S'X^^V '■ Lp"''-"'^ ° f :S ?|?* : laU3 :.
./• \ )^\2l !;\LJ^rf^r ffr"1 /^Zi^^vi^ ' TCrses .- B«t read.
• ' ' bJ vMtH •^H4IjS.1®" ' '-°. vcr * he . condi-
i ""Siil. _^,JL^ .^j « 'lir^. j "7 ■ vT^ tions : printed in
.1 ' X.7Wy;~ -^t/jf/*- • ./■> <t4^'^-*V . last Sunday's -pa-
' Give a Hale "Glove Order and.be' O . . 1 — .'.'.... ■ ... ' : '. C
sure you are right. Redeemable 'in ' ■ *-. . • ' > / • ' ' ' • ' ....
Gloves or Merchandise at .any ..oj I -. .' rOOCl; IOT /I nOUght. ..
Hate's California, stores.. . '■ Christmis ' three weeks Vfrom
" ' 9a1p-of <si'm ■ . n *? t Sunday.'. • • " • " • .
jdic ui. 91.UU .. . ' :nARLT. BUTIN-G. is iot only easiest, but
• Q lOVCS 3. t O5C '• ' C at th^ i.-rear of th« inaln
» *»>*-» »-*v . Cqox. whei-e" you -can buy stanqps ind money
Gloves- that' are better than many *%&£*$£ g^Sria -som,
$1.00 gloves; 2-clasp, .overseam, pretty one*. t P chix^e'ttoth- to-day. ' :? -
soft, pliable kid"; cut perfectly, so little sire, a new /scrap
they wilt hue the hand and be com- : \ T hy .not-A-- box of statioxert
fortable; -reds, tans, modes apd " with .the Initial pr nroncgiant on? We
sizes s l A [to 7 l A*. In black, j *" n *| %**$* *°*- " V; " . * :
sizes " 5}4 to 6,-7J<;to 7^.. . • ' O— ' ' ..... .; . ,' (
.It's- 'si before-Chrisfinas ."event that Is . "'. ' - :. "'. :' ;.-»^ •..•••'. "• -* : .-.
Just a' herald'o'f man"y other oppor- ••" : ■'-. "• -' ' :■ ■■•'.'■ .
tun i ties suggestive .of gifts fpr; ■ .fi& fiST j!3&. . ."•! *J8? '•• '■- '
Joiri our free pyrdgra&hy — em- ; ' Mr
broidery^-crochetins: classes. -Make .. *=* irimini "^^
useful Christmas' gifts right here in- ■ " . . r^"""^\ < •• my .'.
th.e store.' •" i' •;" '" ."Market Street, Near Siacthi S^F. •
WITHDRAW PROTESTS
' ' AGAINST FRANCinSE
Property-Owner^. Complain .That
Houses Are ' Dnmagcd by .Blast
•y- i, ing for Santa Fo Road. . •"
', Protests against' the granting of • 'a
franchise on SixtejenUi and . other
streets to -the* Santa. Fe Railway Cpm-t :
' pany j were withdrawn yesterday by i
Elizabeth Chrfsfy and S...M. Rqb*n
'son, who appeared .before the Super
visors' ".Street Committee. \ The • pro
testan'ts claimed damages to v various ;
amounts' owing .to . -.proposed .grade
changes ajong the right, of way cflv
ered by the franchise, but informed
the cojnml'ttee'. that '. Captain A. H.
PaVson,. vjce president- of the Santa Fe
road, h'ad. agreed to 'pay .the damages;
"There is now no Jesail- obstacle In the
.way of the 'final passage. o£ the. ordi
nance granting -the" franchise- next'
February.-" . .• •" .•.'.•
' Permits 'W»re .granted to Flora. D.
Jones to .cb.nstriict- a" spur track' on
Harrisori streeit. .between Nineteenth
■arid : Twentieth-' Streets, and- to !Hol
trook/ Merrill '&• Stetson for tone, bo
Tuwnserid ■ street, near Sixth. v j
'. Mrs.- Daly, and Mra.- Lipke appeared
before' the. committee, and •complained
thjat their houses, on 'Kentucky street,
near Eighteen.th- street, ■arid.-on Iowa.
stVeet; " betweejv Twfenty-ithrrd and
.Twenty-fourth- streets, had been dam
aged ! by • biasthig done by.-Lantry &
Sons for -the Santa; Fe road in .the.
Potrerol- , Captain Payson safd' tha
contractors.would -pay all "damages
from"■b'iastiilfr.-under _an 'agpeCment-
He'rob'jected tb "paying Mrs. Llpke:s
clafmV .as" the alleged; "damages • result
ed from the jar of passing; teams. CaP-^
tain Payson," however, agreed to Invest,
tigate the mattez' further ind.' furnish,
the data to the committee.; - ' :•
:The Glty Attorney Iwas requested, to.
waive an- apfieal in the suit Involving
the. width of Fifteenth avenue. . - v"
STREE7TS' Wltli" XOW JMIj ....
. • . - BE CLEANED 'TfS . HAND
poard of . Works • Says . Lack • of Ma
chines Will Prove Costly to'
"'... . . " . the City.
*As-a result af the refusal of Gray
.Bros. • to 'rent, their street ..sweeping
machines-, to . the city . because the
Board of Supervisors will not pay the.
bills therefor. the Board- of: Works, yes
terday : 6rdered •' the sweeping of all :
streets -by hand.. Commissioner Maes
"tretti stated at the - meeting of the
board that the. Work would cogt" just
about fou*. times as. much as by, ma;
chinery-ahd only one-half of the same
territory- coul'd .be .covered thereby".'
The gangs will be kept at work, how
ever, and a deficit in the fund is 1ook- :
ed for " long before the exph-atidn -of
the pTe'sent fiscal year and .with far
less satisfactory results 'than ."when, the
machines' were used. ..• ' :'
The board -cited A- B. CHute, Flinn
& Treacyand J.- G: Harriey to appear
next Wednesday to explain delays in
prosecution of street work on Lake
and ..Castro streets" "and Second and
Fourth avenues, allowing th«lr per
mits to expire. •'*
The protest against ihe-'building of
a sewep -in TNventy-flcst avenue was
overruled. •
• The board recommended to the Su
pervisors .that "the .official width -of
sidewalks, be reduced, from nineteen
to fifteen ; feet on Lake street, from
First avenue westerly*
CASANAVE DEPORTED.— United .States
Immlcrant Inspector D. i J.' Griffiths - starte<I
fpr Mobile.. Ala., last evening, b&vlns in cua
tcdy Jean . Caaanave. who has been - ordered
deported ' to Cuba. Casanave came from Cuba,
to : the port of New Orleans under contract • to
work for a relative. . He wu arrested In this
oltv ■ hv s IniDector Grlf flthf.
; " : ' APyXBTISEarEITTS. • ' >
39 : STOCKTON ST., KBAB MA jttCT.T.
. Telephone Main. 5322. ' '■'. 7v
Guararitei-i ' »lven - 'wltlr - alV -o«ir «oods.
■and. Driceq lower -tban -eV«r. • '■- V ''.• <• '■■
Thursday, Friday and. Saturday Sppiidtt
CREAMER! BUTTER : .' j 1 per jq:33t
• Fre^h . an* aweet- front Mai^h Countj;
FAiCT. BAKH; EGGS \ .'. rKi&MJfoi
PETACUMl COLO STQBAGE .EG6S . duz 23o
HAYtt ORANGES. ,:-..V : : > --p«r'ifa2 : 3|ic
. ' Good «lz«'-.aail •aualftj',: : •
NEVFIHWR" HAPDIES....V: i.'.-p'er fetBc
• r. ' • Flr«t of ;tblj' •ea«oi>, ( - : . .- .". •
WEAt'.T.OBATO :CATSIJP.'.;;,p8rbot I5rs
' Pe». 20c " Th«. bcst.on tho market • :
IPETITSILD".;;;:.. , : *. : ,2 jpamfor 25f
• ' -:8e*". 15b eachi, "•" -..''.
FRENCH BOHELESS S ARDI If ES.. per cau'1 5c
. .-. Kejr. -20a.. D. 'A O. irand.-- • ' ■;
GHIRARIJEtU'S 'CaaOA :; :. '. pervcan lWi
imn t isi I w 7.^V. : ijwd m
■ -.- . Res. 20c. • Genuine Uap<iirt»4." ." •• •■
ARCHER'S CORN;- STIRCH . .4 pkgs for 25c
. • •" Re». 10c vtt. iJbertx' braai*. -.-■••
IDEAt COIL - : QIL . : A , ,5-pL tan SUp
* Reg. $1'25.-. Jligh- test-fLad odorlesi. ' .
oooa- MATS-r- ' * .■.•.;-":< : .---:
: C4*t4 27xlB" 2SH1T' S3xl!> • SSisl
.- Ep«c4al 40c. 1 55c; 70c, 85c, f 1.05
Regular iJQfe,' 63c, -S3c... $1.^)0,'' $1.^5
FAMILY '. BOURBON, par faof 60s, gal S2.5Q
■ . • . Hegf. 75c:- Kal»: $3,00." - ;
■R'O'Cl AHD. RYEVA / . . .'.•- -par- Sot 50*:
Reg. 73c.' Wm-2UI1«T* aU.j Cold*. ,•-.:•
McAtUSIER'SCOTCa WHISKEI £ b.ot 90e
• " "••-.■ ...'.Beir. $i 25. -■• ••■ -• :; ' -v
'. • rpr»'.hot "Scoujhor. ahl«hball. ""-.
CtARET:. .'; . . .-.;: \i ''.-. : r 40e
- ' Rtt." 50c: Excellent value..
EASTER!! SWEET CIDER.-. '.'.par gal 40s
- " •" R'eir.. -gQc.- Mqtt'a,.y»w Torli. . ...
OH - Perfect. Fitting rtj'?
rS Eyeglassea
T At Mofierafe Cost
V 642 41ARKE.TST
■ ti/a 11?%] &k Kl GH KB HkNftS
Mellin's 'Food — ; an fefant
food without Tan equal except
M Other€ M ilk . A food that feeds,
a food that gives satisfaction, a food
that has been used for many jeats
with best results'. ; A food that makes
the babies grow strong. Send for *
free sample. *HHK£ta0*BHRS
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MA&3.