THE WEATHER.
.- ♦ ' *
Forecast made at Saa Francisco for
thirty hoars eodlns midnight. Decem
ber 17:
San Fr&nclcco and vicinity— Palt
Saturday, becoming cloudy and threat.
eois«r at tight: light northeast winds.
'/fjL. Q. McADIE.*
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 17.
NO PISTOL
DISPLAY AT
CONFERENCE
Lawson "and Colonel
Greene Meet Like
Old Friends.
Forget Tiieir Angry Words
and Amicably Discuss
Situation.
Boston Operator Issues Statement
Announcing That He Intends to
Continue Stock War.
BOSTON. Dec. 16.— Colonel William
C Greene of New York, who last week
accused Thomas W. Lawson of this
•Hy of being responsible for the re
cent break in copper shares, came to
Boston to-day and was met at the
Hotel Touraine by Lawson. ' The na
ture of the statements issued by both
Colonel Greene and Lawson, but partic
ularly by Coionel Greene, who consid
ered that Lawson was to blame for the
raid upon the stock of the Greene Con
solidated Copper Company together
.with the market developments of the
past few davs. all had combined to
euggest th*» possibility of a clash be
tween the two operators.
So far as became known, however,
nothing of the kir.d took place and
Colonel Greene returned to New York
on the 5 o'clock train this afternoon
after having been in conference with
Lawson from 3:45 a. m.
-Interest was added to the incident
through the pressure of police head
quarters inspectors.
REACH AX UNDERSTANDING.
After Colonel Greene had left, a
member of a prominent Boston brok
erage firm, who attended the confer
ence, issued a. statement which he said
had been assented to by'Colonel Greene
end Lawsna.. - . - _^*'-i,' > - .; - *
The substantial part of the" state
ment was that Lawson had called upon
Colonel Greene at the hotel, after
learning that Greene was in -Boston,
that Greene had maintained at the con
ference that the recent breaks in the
et©ck were due to the public utter
ances of Lawson; that the colonel felt
toeenly the decline in certain stocks in
•which he was interested and that Law
eon had maintained in answer to Col
onel Greene that he had done nothing
to bring: about any fall in the stocks
In which Colonel Greene was interest
eft. The statement concluded with the
Words:
"Each gentleman has a perfect un
'derEtanding of the other's position.
There is nothing further to state of
.public interest."
CALLS ON GREENE.
Colonel Greene had publicly adver
tised that he would call on Lawson,
but Lawson anticipated this by appear
ing at the Hotel Touraine early in the
forenoon. Colonel Greene had not fin
ished his breakfast, and when the Bos
ton man eent in his card the colonel
cent out wcrd that he would meet him
e/ter breakfast. The New York pro
moter emerged from the dining-room
with -a friend walking on either side. At
the same time Lawson, who had been
talking freely with a group of news
paper men, stepped forward half-way
to. meet the New Yorker. Lawson
eeemed constrained, but Colonel Greene
smiled warmly, uttered a cordial salu
tation and extending his hand, which
Lawson seized, invited the Boston op
erator to his room. Colonel Greene's
manner seemed very happy, but Law
eon was apparently perturbed.. The men
tvere in conference in Colonel Greene's
room for almost seven-' hours, all out
siders and messages of every kind be
ing excluded. Meantime the police had
arrived and virtually taken possession
of the hotel, three officers in citizens'
clothes patrolling the corridor upon
trfclch Colonel Greene's rooms were lo
cated, while Chief Inspector -Watts
end other detectives remained on guard
In the lobby. At the end of -the confer
ence La-.vson and CoJonel Greene made
a hurried exit from the hotel, the latter
being driven at once to the railroad
station.
LAWSON ISSUES STATEMENT.
Lawson issued the following to-night,
confirming the statement given out ear
lier and adding that the episode was
ended: .
• "There wap no business of any name
or nature done or attempted by either
Colonel Greene or myself, and there
was nothing more than the things I
mention herein that I am not willing
the press or the public should know.
Nothing took place in which I would
not have been willing for the press to
take part. I stated to Colonel Greene
that I had not been in any way raiding
or attempting to raid his stock, or in
any way to injure him. but that what
I "have been doing against the Standard
Oil party and 'the system* I would con
tinue to do regardless of what he or
others thought or did.
"The stories afloat that I called on
Colonel Greene by agreement or that I
was accompanied by detectives or other
protectors is all rot. I called at hi*
ho^el without his knowledge, or any
other person's knowing that I would
call.
"Nothing that ha? happened In the
entire Greene episode has in any way
altered my !>lans or affected my inten
tions. I will proceed with my work and
await the next episode."
. «
WANTS LAWSON INDICTED.
Owner of Amalsraniatcd Copj>rr Stock
Files Complaint iii Xew York.
NEW TORK. Dec 16.— An applica
tion for the indictment of Thomas W.
LawEon and for the showing of the
books of the Amalgamated Copper
Company was made at the District
Attorney's office to-day by Henry
The San Francisco Call.
BELLS TOLL
AND MUTE
GUNS BOOM
Impressive Ceremony
Attends Burial of
.Kroger.
Burghers and Britons Pay
Last Tribute of Respect
h at Graveside.
General Botha Delivers Speech Rec
ommending Unification of White
Races in South Africa.
PRETORIA, Transvaal. Dec. 16.— Two
thousand burghers attended an impres
sive religious service to-day prior to
the burial of the body of former Presi
dent Kruger. Several ministers of the
Dutch churches spoke, all eulogizing
the ex-President for his exemplary re
ligious life and as a lover of his people,
and exhorting the Boers, while remain
ing loyal to the new flag, never to for
get the principles of their late leader
of their own language. . — v
An immense crowd filed through the
death chamber throughout the morn
ing. The coffin was draped with the
Transvaal. and Orange Free State flags,
and on it were the tributes of Queen
"Wilhelmina and the Queen mother of
Holland.
The da*' was gloomy and overcast,
but an immense crowd of Britons and
Boers filled the square opposite the hall,
to which the remains were removed
after the church services. Many Boers
had trekked long distances to attend
the obsequies of their former leader.
Britons met the men of the veldt and
mingled on the friendliest of terms.
The Afrikander party was officially rep
resented by deputations from Cape Col
ony. Orange River and Natal. At the
hall SDeeches of eulogy were delivered
by Generals Louis Botha, Schalkburger
and -Christian Dewet. - General" Botha
read aMetter. from Kruger < exhorting
them to*; preserve the Boer - national
spirit. .:•;;.- ..-.. ... ►' . ' -.. . -■ -. ..
General Botha's speech strongly rec
ommended unification of the '. white"
races in South Africa, as that is the
only means by which they can -become
a great people and realize Kruger's
ideal.
The procession after the ceremony
was composed of fully 1200 persons,
while the route through which it passed
was thronged with people. Flags were
half-masted, bells tolled and under
Government orders minute guns were
fired at the military depot. Around the
grave, where Kruger was laid beside
his wife, were gathered relatives, Boer
leaders and many prominent person
ages, Including Sir Richard Solomon,
representing the British Government.
By the "King's special request a salute
of twenty-one guns was fired as the
coffin was lowered Into the grave..
ONLY EDIBLES
ARE FORWARDED
tfore Than 3000 Carloads of
Freight Billed for Tono
pali Arc Tied Up in Nevada
Special Dlsratcb to The CalL
RENO, Dec. 16. — On account of the
large amount of freight shipped to
Goldfield and Tonopah, the two large
mining camps of Nevada, during the
past few months, the Southern Pacific
Company has been unable to handle
the traffic, and at the present time
there is enough freight blockaded in
Sparks. Reno and along. the line of the
Carson and Colorado road to fill more
than 3000 narrow-gauge cars.
Division Freight and Passenger
Agent J. M. Fulton of the Southern
Pacific Company has been at Mound
House for the last two weeks assisting
In handling the traffic and has man
aged to keep a large number of trains
moving, but as the freight keeps -pil
ing up only food stuffs, hay and other
necessities for the camps are. forward
ed. The Southern Pacific Company is
now broadening the gauge of the Car
son and Colorado road and. will in a
short time be able to handle airfreight
billed for Goldfield or Tonopah.
Wellington Wack, who lives most of
the time In London. TVack is a mem
ber of the National Bar Association of
this country and the Royal , Geograph
ical Society of London.
Wack says, he owns outright 1000
shares of Amalgamated, and that ; it
was worth when he came here a. few
weeks ago $81.7?0. As a result of Law
son's acts, Wack asserts, his stocks
fell to 59 and he suffered a loss of ap
proximately $21,000.
Wack asks that a demand be made
on the Amalgamated Copper Company
for its books, to ascertain Just what its
stock is worth, and if Lawson's decla
ration proves false he wants; him in
dicted under* chapter 435 of the Code,
third subdivision, which provides that
any person who knowingly circulates a
false rumor, statement or intelligence
against a stock is punishable by a fine
of not more ..than $5000, or. J by-Impris
onment for not more than three years
or both. , JaHBHHONBB
District Attorney ; Jerome is out of
town until Monday. -In his v absence
Assistant District Attorney : Rand : re
ceived, "Wack and: his .'counsel. 1 ;' He
asked them to call on Monday "and 'tell
their story to Jerome himself./ ■
SAN* FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1904.
THINKING
OF AUTOS,
NOT LOVE
Sweden's Prince Wjll
' Not Court' Miss
Roosevelt.
However, He Says He Would
Esteem It an Honor
to Meet Her.
French ; Newspapers SpeakV of the
- Daughter of the President as
' a Future Queen.
Special Cable, to The Call and New Tork
. , Herald. Copyright, 1004. by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company. •;-,. .*■_>;
PARIS, Dec. 16.— Many members of
the Scandinavian colony in this city
seem to take seriously the dispatches
from Stockholm reporting that ar
rangements have been made by Crown
Prince Gustavus Adolphus to meet
Alice Roosevelt at the house of White
law Reid in London with the object of
taking the first step toward offering
his heart and hand. It is well known
that Gustavus has' been looking for a
bride in the courts of Europe during
the past year, but unsuccessfully.
Prince Gustavus was found* in an au
tomobile salon this morning in the act
of purchasing a new machine. . 1
"Yes," he said, agreeably. "I am
going to London, but from that to get
ting engaged is' a long way. Don't be
lieve the reports from Stockholm. I
should esteem It an honor to meet Miss
Roosevelt, but I am more interested
at present in autos than in matri
mony."
Several Paris newspapers discuss the
matter seriously - in articles headed
"Alice Roosevelt, Future Queen."
THREE LIVES
LOST IN FIRE
Blaze That Destroys Los An
geles Mill Brings Death to
Mechanics on Second Floor
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 16.— Three men
were burned to death about 6 o'clock
to-night in a fire that destroyed .the
Eureka Planing Mill at Sixth street
and Santa Fe avenue. East Los An
geles." .The dead:
MARTIN L. TODD, aged 60, assist
ant foreman. .
DUNCAN McNEILL, aged 56, car
penter.
" KEITH, carpenter.
The fire started from the explosion
of a tank of distillate, andHhe flames
spread so quickly that within a few
minutes the entire plant was ablaze.
There were about eighteen men at
work in the mill at- the time and all
escaped but the three who were
burned to death. It is not known why
the three victims did not make their
escape with the other fifteen men, but
it is supposed they were at ,work on
the second floor and were cut' off from
all means of | escape before they real
ized their danger. The bodies were re
covered after the fire had been extin
guished. They were burned beyond
recognition.
Three small cottages adjacent to the
mill were also burned. The total loss
will be about $20,000.
WILL BECOME THE BRIDE
OF THE MAX SHE XURSED
Young Woman Coming From Phila
delphia to Wed Claude Weaver
' of This City.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 16.— A ro
mance which had its beginning in St.
Luke's Hospital, last' summer will
reach its, climax when Miss Emma
Parker arrives in San Francisco to be
married. to Claude M. Weaver, whom
ehe nursed during a severe attack of
typhoid fever. Miss "Parker left here
to-day on her journey, to the Pacific
Coast. The prospective bridegroom is
connected with a conservatory of
music in San Francisco.' 'J\ <- .
While on a visit to Philadelphia last
summer he became ill, was , admitted
to St. Luke's Hospital and Miss
Parker was assigned as nurse. . A few
weeks ago Miss Parker, received a reg
istered package containing an engage
ment ring with; her. initials and those
of her former, patient : inscribed on the
Inside. With it came a note asking her
to name, the day. She selected-Christ
mas day. "
XO' Evidence of Fraud Found.
HONOLULU.- Dec. 16. ~ Sixteen
members., constituting a' majority of
the Federal Grand Jury, summoned In
special session by ' Presiding Judge
Dole of the United States District
Court to investigate charges of fraud
at the recent election, reported to-day
that they , found no evidence which
would warrant' them in inflicting any
person for^violating the Federal laws.
Government to Exhibit at Portland.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 16.— M. G. Ged
dies, custodian -of the 'United States
Government .building; at 'the. World's
Fair, stated; to-day that 65 per, cent
of - the Govemriient exhibit, v compris
ing a' portion of : every display, will be
sent "to" the i Lewis and' Clark Exposi
tion ; in Oregon. 1 The i coining; machin
ery will be shipped 'to Denver for en
larging the United" States Mint lo
cated there. • ■-.->>'
IN SUPPORT
OF THE NEW
TREATIES
Mass Meeting in New
York Calls for
Arbitration.
Asks tlie Senate to Ratji^
tne Pacts With tUe .
Foreign Nations. \
Mayor McClellan , Arcbbis hop Ireland^
Oscar Straus, Judge ; Gray ; and%| *
Others' Make Addresses. ■ -. ■
NEW YORK, Dec. 16. — A/mass
meeting," . called to urge the prompt
ratification of the arbitration treaties
recently signed by the State Depart
ment with several of the leading for
eign powers, was held to-night at Car
negie Hall under the auspices of the
New York executive conimitteeVof the
American" Conference of International
Arbitration. There was a very, large
attendance and the speakers were re
peatedly applauded. -
Mayor George B. McCley an presided
and was the first speaker. M. Linn
Bruce, - Lieutenant Governor-elect,
spoke against deciding difficulties'be
tween nations by war and was followed
by Archbishop Ireland. While the
Archbishop was speaking he was in
terrupted by a man, who cried "Give
somebody else -a chance." The'Arcn
bishop immediately sat down, i'he
audience hooted the man who .had
shouted and fthe ushers tried to. find
him, but failed. Then the • audience
applauded ; until Archbishop Ireland
resumed. * -. '":■■
Letters .from Grover, Cleveland; Carl
Schurz and John Mitchell were read.
Cleveland' wrote:*"' <;:':";k'.- : •, .: .
"It aeems";to.rne.that-an agexCAnnot
bo, called altogether, enlightened .which
sanctions ': human slaughter as \ a i legi tif
mate jand. proper;? incidens.lnithwiad
4ttstm^nt;of^uch;difflcu!t!vf,:!a«<lAh«r©,
appears' to , be* a' had confusion of^dgas
when >'• nations i-bbastilof /.the * moetv ad
vanced civilizationr'and ,;at j. the., same
time : concede \ that-theVbarbarpus kill
ing of people, l is an!approyed^raeans t oi
vindicating' and making more secure
their.' beneficent, kindly .-rule* and at
taining, their" loftiest .purposes."
Letters > from . Andrew Carnegie and
General Nels'on'A'.' Miles were also read,
after which Bishop- Henry C. Potter
was introduced and ;spoke briefly < ■'■
Oscar ■S.- Straus. >^a member of the
Hague tribunal, "was the next speaker.
He- presented- a -series -of' resolutions
which were' adopted; ,They were as
follows: '. v; '..';' ■'•'.■• ' . :.
"Resolved,; That we, the citizens of
New York in mass meeting assembled,
favor the extension by the Government
of the United States of the principle. of
international arbitration to all ques
tions- which cannot : otherwise ■ be
.brought to a pacific determination.
. "Resolved,; That since the proposed
treaties extend the; operation of arbi
tration in'accord with the moral, polit
ical and economic interests of this
country and of the world, we earnestly
request * our, representatives in the
United- States. Senate _tb exert their in
fluence in behalf of such treaties and
of their prompt consideration and ap
proval by the Senate. . ,
Judge George, Gray of. Delaware and
Rabbi Silvermah also spoke. _ ..
EXCITING RIDE
AFTER A TRAIN
Parents Follow on Engine
to Recover Children \ Lef t
by Them; in the Sleeper
Special Dispatch to The Call,
OMAHA. Dec. 16.— When the over
land limited 'pulled out of the Union
Station this' morning, v.Mr. and / Mrs.
A. E. Bloom, passengers for San Fran
cisco, were in the diner ; eating . their
breakfast V, while ■ •] their three
were in the sleeper. /Unfortunately. the
diner was left' behind at this point and
consequently .the , children | for the itime
being were ■ separated from their par
ents traveling '• alone across, the .'coun
try.'" '■;■?. ' '■ . '■•'■■:. : -.-:/' : -:\y ■: J- r.
Mr. and Mrs/ Bloom entered the din
er \ Just before '. the < train , entered :> the
Omaha "station. .,' They : were -" informed
that the :diner; would be left : there;; but
that they . would I have " 25 minutes 's. in
the station. They, left the children ? in
the sleeper ; where thev : had three sec
tions i as •' well " as all their ; belongings,
including - their : : railroad t tickets. The
train was -late: and" did not wait the
usual tlmeMn Omaha.. When* they had
finished .their, breakfast i they found the
train pulling out. ; J . '
Statlonmaster.'Hanev.' was appealed
to' and: in? a * few minutes < a switch en
gine was coupled '.to I a " coach • standing
on the side".: track ."and u Mr.\ and Mrs.
Bloom, were given ,rlde ? In "a special
train i and;; hustled 'down the ; line to
South Omaha,; where - the overuand
limtted was stopped by a -telegram.
Railroad officials say that it was only
in consideration of ; the children .that
the ; overland ■ limited • was , stopped. "■•
IRISH LEADERS 4 ASSERT
CAUSE f.IS '.; XEAR '.• TRIUMPH
""; LONDON, 'Dec. ' 16.— The i statement
that"' a , ; new « split : < Is "impending^ in|the
Irish; ParllameritaryTparty, is^ strongly
denied sby. those : in-a position ► tor know
the' situation. , Leaders of ."■■ the? party
assert: that' the "Irish -cause- is* now
Hearing 'a ; triumph: - : ■ -
DELUDES ARMY OFFICERS
BY MISREPRESENTATIONS
TIEUTEN ANT PAUL H. McDONALD, Tenth Infantry, U. S. A.,
1—/ must now. answer before court-martial for borrowing money from his
brother officers, upon the representation that he had. a legacy of $50,000
coming to him, -whereas it now appears the estate that was left consisted
of only two horses.
Borrows Money Upon a Fictitious Estate
Lieutenant Paul H. McDonald, Tenth
Infantry, te the latest gay young army
officer who " is -to be called up before
a court-martiai. &; I- fey; '• '
He said he had an estate of $50,
000 coming to him. On his prospects
he, borrowed money. . The estate,
however, only consisted of two horses.
For these misrepresentations he is
now under ..arrest at Fort Lawton,
Wash. Y . :
'.'He .is also accused of , duplicating
his pay "accounts, and - must also an
swer charges of borrowing money from
his brother officers under false pre
tenses. .'
'Lieutenant McDonald arrived at the
Presidio early last June. He was
bright, sparkling and dashing, and im
mediately made a hit with the officers
of the post with whom he came in con
tact. He was jolly and gay and soon
formed acquaintances in the | down
town set. Society also smiled upon him
and he was welcomed to many of the
homes of the- 400. - The whirl of the
crimson-lighted portion of the town
also held out inducements to the gay
young office^. • :
Here he is reported to have reveled
along with the merry ihrongr that liked
small bottles, cold birds and automo
bile rides in .■ the soft light of
dawn. -■'■■■ ■■'■.>
Now. a second lieutenant's pay is all
very well as far as it goes, but it
doesn't go far after, the officer leaves
thelimits of his post and wants to en-
* i y the gayeties of outside life. Mc-
Donald suddenly found his funds de
pleted. His creditors were pressing
him to "the limit. He could not turn
around. that he did. not find -a bill or
a collector staring him in'the face.
Suddenly he devised a scheme to raise
funds." One morning' he announced that
his father had just died and left him
an estate valued at about $50,000. On
the strength 'of- this statement he com
menced • ; to <? borrow • money * right and
leftjand; entered -into the rosy * paths of
downtoirn'ilife 1 w,Ub5renew e ,d!,yl§rox^ -,:.*,
r;^ f EveryVdajt^he'c said" he waiting
fer ithe -maiu to- bringrhlm, a^Tcmlt
tance -;f f ora '* tlie'i legacy * left -. him.;'-* In
the! meantime,'; he 1 kept * on borrowing,
from - officers, friends - and everybody
wlthinvreach. When cash -was:, not
available at the post, 1 he; would --get
money > from '• the ;bank, on- notes 1 In
dorsed by his brother officers, whqse
names - .were l responsible : for any
amount they chose to place themselves
liable for. ■ ' . : ■: Y -.
-Among. the officers who were imposed
upon in this fashion are: Lieutenant
Manuel . M. : Garrett and Lieutenant
George. C. ( Rockwell. • : , ,-..; -"■ • .
.A few. .weeks ago his ' creditors de
manded a settlement. Upon investiga
tion .they found out to their amazement
that the $50,000 estate was a myth, and
that air.the estate that had -gone to
McDonald was two horses. This an
nouncement caused a great sensation
here, as -the claims of his creditors
amounted to something like $5000.
In the meantime McDonald is under
arrest at Fort Lawton; and his broth
er omcers here are preparing to pay
the notes they indorsed for him at the
bank." >
McDonald came from the ranks of
the" Twelfth Cavalry, j He received his
commission as second lieutenant of the
Tenth Infantry, October >9. 1903. He
is 24 years 'old. : : . . .: -
ORDER CHINESE
TO LEAVE CAMP
Miners of .Goldfield Issue
an Edict That Rids Place
of a Horde of Orientals
Special Dispatch to The CalL
; RENO, Dec. 16.— The white laborers
in Goldfield yesterday Issued an order
commanding, all Japanese and Chinese
in ■ the camp ' to leave the town ■ imme
diately and not to return. The ; order
also warned all Japanese. and Chinese
working along the. lines of the Tono
pah and .the Carson and Colorado
railroads;not,to. invade the place.. .The
little brown men and the Celestials
seemed ; to v expect the order from the
white-inhabitants; of "the mining camp,
for | in' a few, hours 1 they had quietly
packed their baggage and left. .
-For the past month the Southern Pa
cific Company has been employing
many. Japanese c and Chinese -laborers
upon ? the Carson and Colorado Rail
road. Many.; of these , foreign laborers
heard fof ithe; fortunes! being made at
Goldfleld and made - their /way into the
camp.r. They : went into /the camp -in
such large numbers and , worked ; for
such low.; prices /that ; the. Swages of
white laborers, was threatened and it
was : found ; necessary : to order them ' to
leave. ' ; --.. ' • V" : "- . 'i N - .
GARDEN CITY WOMAN
r; VICTIM ; OF A FOOTPAD
Thug Snatches . Turse and JcSvelry
When Demand for Valuables
Is -Refused.
SAN JOSE, Decl 16.— Irene Naylo.
a i. young \ woman 'employed- in; one of
the packing-houses v at'the 'broad gauge
depot,' was - held", up -land ; robbed .'last
night in front* of ■ her home atl.430
North ' Third street.. , /The .robber
jumped' out" in fronts of :her arid .de
manded }. her » valuables. , Miss Navio
refusedrto-' submit quietly; to -the, rob
bery'and* screamed.', "The robber then
grabbed -her satchel. i which r contained
ap purse'; and "$1'.36.*; and "snatched o
gold.breastpinl arid 7 other,je\velry • trova
her • and : riiade* his escape.
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Caprice."
CALIFORNIA— "Sis Hopkins."
COLUMBIA— "A Chinese Honeymoon."
CENTRAL^ "Lost In Siberia."
CHUTES— Vaudeville. /
FISCHER'S^-Vaudeville.
GRAND — "In ■ Dahomey."
MAJESTIC— "XIr f Potter of -Texas."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI-^-VKin* Dodo."
- Matinees 'at ail theaters to-day.
YOUNG LIEUTENANT WHO-' \A TO' BE' BROUGHT BEFORB COURT-MARTIAI.
FOR IRREGULARITIES IN' HtS- PAT ACCOUNTS AND ALSO FOR OBTAIN
ING MONEY FROM" HIS BROTHER OFFICERS BY FALSE PRETENSES.
WOMAN'S
TEARS MOVE
MURDERER
Admits Guilt to Save
His Sister Prom
SuHering.
HILLSBORO, Ore.i- Dec. 16.— Moved
by the tearful pleadings!, of his sister.
Mrs. Nettie Frigley, ' Bert Oakman has
changed his plea of not guilty, to guil
ty, and will receive a life sentence - for
the murder of Frank A. Bennett to
morrow. The change, was made after
an affecting scene in court "this morn-
Ing. . .
The mother of -the murdered , young
man testified against Oakman yester
day.- She said that the 'first .'difficulty
between: her i son and his slayer arose
when ■ Oakman became) angry.' because
her son had broken his ' bicycle. Mrs.
Bennett and her daughter talked -with
Oakman after this' cuarrel and Oak
man then said that he would kill young
Bennett some time. . .
•^ "You know what will become of you
if you do," said Mrs. < Bennett, not-be
lieving a- word of Oakman's threat.
VI don't care," was his defiant reply,
she testified.
' Oakman's sister. is prostrated and in
her soasms > of 4 grief sees ■ her brother
on the : sallows. - > Therefore t: he - : has
changed -his -plea with the understand
ing that a life sentence wIlKbe passed
upon him. * The » murder occurred . last
July and Oakman was captured after a
sensational chase . two* counties.
I»OPE PIUS IS'SUFFERIXG .
FROM AX r ATTACK OF GOUT
" r . ROME., Dec.-. 1 6.— -Pope Pius Is
fering * f rona *' gout 7 and " lsf somewhat
lame. -
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
POPE LEO'S
BODY WILL
BE MOVED
Italian Government
to Guard the
Ceremony.
ROME. Dec. 16.— An attempt will
soon.be made to remove the body of
Pope Leo XIII from its present tomb
in St. Peter's to St. John's In the Lat
eran, its final resting place, as the
time for the ceremony is already Ions
overdue. The procession will be guard
ed by a heavily armed body of troops
with fixed bayonets to avoid rioting
and bloodshed by the revolutionary el
ement. ■".:' ;
Premier. Giolltti has taken the ques
tion, into the - Cabinet Council and will
have the translation of the body offi
cially protected all along the way. He
will ask. at the same time that a bat
talion with a flag be admitted Into both
St. . Peter's . and St. John's basilicas,
which hitherto has been bitterly op
posed by the church. y
ACCUSED OF MUKDERIXG
A MAX IX CAUFORXL\
\\\ E. Jordan, Who Lives in Alabama,
Taken Into Custody In "
West Virginia..
HINTON, W. Va.. Dec." 15. — W.'E.
Jordan, claiming Birmingham. Ala., as
his home, was arrested here to-day
and charged with murdering a man in
California- Jordan has been gather
ing miners from the New River coal
fields .to send them to Birmingham.
Ala., and was to leave to-day with
150 miner* . .. _2
SLAV AND JAPANESE
FORCES ENGAGE IN
NIGHT SKIRMISHES
Cossacfe |j8 the Wage of INanganza
. and Riff Many of the. Enemy.
Make a Demonstra
tion Before Mukden.
RUSSIAN HEADQUARTERS. MUK
DEN. Dec. lfi.— There was considerable,
desultory firing on both sides to-day.
The Japanese made an advance, but
It proved to be only a demonstration.
Nijrht s-crtics continue. ar,<- a curious
melee r^s-nlted last night from a simul
taneous advance of both Russian? and
Japa rezc. Two columns of Japanese,
takins: a'-Ivantap* of the darkness, ad
varxed on the Russian positions and
at the -a me time a Russian column
pet out f<>r th* village of Nanganza.
Th* nussfam column heard the Jap-.
enese f rinjr in the direction of their
bate and thought they had been dis
covered, but held ' Narganra - Avhile
tappers mined and then retired. The
Japanese re-entered the village, where
they were greeted with a tremendous
explosion^ which killed many of them.
In the meantime the two Japanese
columns operating in th<! direction of
the Rvtssi&ns heard the* explosion and
thought they had been outflanked,
■whereupon they retired. The Japanese
and Russians met as each side was
returning. Bott- were utterly sur
prised. A ha ml -to -hand scuffle in the
darkness endued, but as it was impos
sible to 'listinguish friend from foe
probably little damage was done. The
Russian less was only one.
On the night of December 14 fourteen
Russian scouts penetrated to the vil
lage of Fanshan, where they destroyed
b. Japanese signal tower and carried
cfT an old bell which had been used by
the jJaparese to signal the approach
nf Russian tr<v>ps.
CHINESE IX SAD PLIGHT.
Starving Asiatics Around Mukden Un
able to Secure Relief.
PEKING. Dec. 16. — Owing to the
fact that there are about 30.000 home
less Chinese in and around Mukden
as one result of the Russo-Japanese
war. rich Chinese here and at Tien
tsin have subscribed funds to provide
v.arm clothing and food for these poor
people. Out of these funds about 30,
000 skin coats have been purchased
and made ready at Tientsin for dis
patch to Mukden. The Japanese mil
itary authorities, however, fearing
that the Russians would benefit by
these gifts, refuse to allow them to
be sent to the Russian lines and
threaten to confiscate them If cap
tured. The Russians, it has been
learned, promise to refrain from tak
ing the advantage feared by the Jap
anese, but the latter decline to ac
< ept this assurance and the result
must be disastrous to. 'the Chinese,
whose villages and crops have been
destroyed and who are suffering from
i scarcity of both food and fuel. .
In Chinese circles here muchfdis
ntififaction is expressed because of in
ibllity to help their suffering- coun
: rymen. - . ' ■
CONFERS WITH KUROPATKIN.
Coaunander of the Czar's Third Army
Arrives at Chansiamutun.
MUKDEN. Dec. 16.— Upon the arri
val of Geoeral Kaulbars, commander
of -the Third Army, here to-day from
Harbin he was received by a guard of
honor, headed by a band of music, and
by Generals SakharofT and Bilderling.
He made a brief speech conveying the
Emperor's greetings. General Kaul
bars then continued his journey to
Chansiamutun, where he had a confer
ence with General Kuropatkin.
A brisk cannonade is progressing
along the center.'
The Japanese are supplying the Chi
nese troops In the neighborhood of Sin
mint'n with artillery. They have al
ready delivered eighty Krupp guns.
Koche and Sinnett to B e Arrested.
LONDON, Dec. 16. — On the appli
cation of the treasury warrants were
Issued to-day at Bow-street Police
Court for the arrest of J. Burke
Roche and Sinxiett in connection with
the transfer of the turbine yacht Car
oline to the Russians at Libau last
month. The offense with which they
are charged is not extraditable and
Messrs. Roche and Sinnett have not
shown any desire since the issue of
the summonses to place themselves
within reach of the British courts.
STOESSEL WOUNDED.
Commander at Port Arthur Hit by a
Rifle Hall.
LONDON, Dec. 17.— General Stoessel,
the Russian military commander at
Port Arthur, according to a dispatch
from Chefu to the Daily Telegraph,
has again been wounded, this time by
a rifle bullet. The correspondent adds
that the wound is not serious.
North Sea Tragedy Inquiry.
PARIS. Dec. 16.— The meeting of the
international commission to inquire in
to the North Sei incident has definite
ly been fixed for next Tuesday morning
at the Foreign Office. -
ADVERT ISKMKXTS.
1 HELLER & FRANK "
cloVh'i'e'rs
OVERCOAT^ LtTXURT
1» wirely found In our. fln*et ..
2? '^ABRIC fine. <Urk and rtch. £
■» j oxforfu or Mark <*/
i? LININGS of heavy rflk. pure £$-
5* rattn «r «5«ob1« warp •*«•**. 3t
■§ CUT AND TAIIjORED with Jjf
& dcl1b*rat«> c*f# and Kr«it riclll. fS
E« Full R«suUm »nd. fbapcly 5
H Pal^tow. ...... . \ J
g From $15.00 to $50.00. » 5
g MARKET STRE E T %
B AND GRANT AVENUE 3
Food and Ammunition
for Port Arthur.
CHEFU. ,. Dec. 16, 5 p. m,— Seven
Russians in civilian garb but with a
military training obvious, in- their
bearing arrived to-day In an open sail
boat carrying dispatches. ' They were
unwilling to talk and .went immedi
ately to the Russian consulate. '. -A
high wind enabled them to make a
quick passage from Port- Arthur.
The Russians confirm the truthful
ness of the" official Japanese reports
which told of the sinking of several
ships of the Russian fleet. They say
that the Japanese. would have been
able to accomplish this at any time
during the past two months, but that
apparently they preferred to use their
guns against the forts. They express
the belief that the destruction of the
Russian ships indicates the abandon
ment by the Japanese of the hope of
capturing the fortress.
The Japanese, the Russians say,
have lost three torpedo-boats in the
past month, the last one sinking dur
ing the night attack of December 14.
• According to thsse Russians the
fighting during which High Hill was
captured was terrific, that hill alone
costing the Japanese, casualties of 12,
000. The Japanese, they say, have
been unable to occupy the hill except
for purposes of observation and they
have taken none of the main forts.
During the past fortnight three
steamers laden with ammunition and
provisions succeeded in running the
blockade and the Russians have high
hopes that the fortress will* be able to
hold out for many months..
The Japanese, these Russians al
lege, are depressed because of their
unsuccessful sacrifice of the lives of
their men.
The sailboat bearing the Russians
left Port Arthur last night under
cover of a snowstorm and had a ter
rible time in crossing. The Russians
were nearly frozen when they reached
Chefu and were unable to leave the
boat \vithout assistance. They brought
a large number of dispatches.
A report from the commander of
the Japanese third squadron from To
kio Thursday said that early on the
morning of December 14 two flotillas
of torpedo-boats attacked the Russian
battleship Sevastopol. One of these
flotillas was unsuccessful, having been
exposed to the . Sevastopol's search
lights. The other reached the in
tended spot, but in the darkness one
of the torpedo-boats- composing the
flotilla became lost from its comrade
vessels. At the time the- comman'der's
report was filed, midnight of Decem
ber 14, this torpedo-boat, which was
commanded by" Lieutenant Xagata.
.had not returned and the -Japanese
were anxious concerning , her asafety^
This probably is the; boat , referred to
by the ' Russians, whose statement
would seem to confirm the belief that
she has gone down.: -.:-■■
High Hill, mentioned in the Chefu
dispatch, may refer to 203-Meter Hill,
which was captured by the Japanese
on November 30, and from which they
bombarded and sank ' the Russian
warship*.. Dispatches received from
Port Arthur several weeks ago men
tioned High Mountain, which was de
ccribed as being 500 feet high, facing
Pigeon Bay and slightly south of Fort
Etse. /
COLD DELAYS OPERATIONS.
Freezing of "Wells Hampers Move
. ' menis mi Both Sides.
USANCHEX, Dec. 16.— Occasional ar
tillery firing is heard east of the rail
way.
The Russians yesterday captured two
Japanese who were in a pitiable con
dition. The prisoners grumbled greatly
at the Manchurian cold and said they
were glad to be fed and warmed.
The genera^ position is very uncer
tain. Movements on both sides are
hampered by the freezing of wells and
the lack of snow, which renders it
necessary to keep near the river for
water supply and near the coal mines
for fuel.
Brigandage is increasing.
There Is considerable want and suf
fering among the natives. Reporta
from Vladivostok state that the num
ber of eick in the hospitals there is
rapidly decreasing, and that there are
few cases of serious illness.
' • ,
Will Be Tried by Court-Martial.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 16.— The blue jack
et belonging to the Russian cryiser
Askoid who murdered a .Chinaman
while disputing payment for the hire
of a linrikesha was sent on board the
Askoid to-day by the Russian Consul.
He will be tried by court-martial.
New Command; for Hamilton.
LONDON, Dec. 16.— Lieutenant Gen
eral Sir Ian Hamilton, who has been
observing military operations in the
Far East, has been appointed to the
command of the -southern military dis
trict of England and ordered to return
home from Manchuria.
Observers With Oyama Are Recalled.
BERNE.- Dec. 16.— The Federal Coun
cil has'declded to recall the Swissmili
try attaches with. Field Marshal Oya
ma's army owing "to the suspension of
hostilities in Manchuria"; <--•-.-
RETRENCHMENT BEGUN
. IN REALM OF MIKADO
Japanese Budget Committee Cuts
Down Administration Expenses
Seven Million Dollar?.
TOKIO, Dec. 16J— The Budget Com
mittee of. the House "of' Representatives
completed its labors' to-day and the
measure will be submitted to the
House to-morrow. The war budget
has not been changed, but; the ordi
nary budget estimates are*'.*redyced
57.000,000 by lowering the , land tax.
The taxes on . beer and sugar, imports
and the transit dues are increased
J2. 000, 000.
The Government has promised addi
tional retrenchment In the administra
tion, to the amount or $800,000, .leav
ing a deficit under : th,e estimates: of
about J 5.000.000. The Government is
authorized to meet this by\ transfers
of special: funds and other methods:
All the parties worked • jointly : and
harmoniously. The only friction was
over, the /proposition; to- -increase rthe"
land tax and decrease the ' administra
tive expenses.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CftLL, SATURDAY; DECEMBER 17,; 1H04.
SMOOT WEARS
MORMON GARB
Witness* States That as a
Member in Good Standing
He Must Obey I)ictate3
"INDELICATE": OATHS
Woman Asks Not to Be Com
pelled to Repeat Them
Before Board of Inquiry
WASHINGTON-. Dec. 16.— The first
•witness in the Senator Smoot inquiry
to-day was Mrs. Annie Elliott of Price,
Utah. She is an .elderly Iadv, who
went- from Denmark to Utah" In 1872,
and left 'the Mormon church in 1896.
She was asked concerning the obliga
tions taken in the temple and was re
quested to repeat as much of the cere
monies as she could remember.
In a voice shaken with emotion, Mrs.
Elliott said that the obligations were
so indelicate she could not bear to re
peat them. Chairman Burrows told
her to take her own time and not to
be. embarrassed. The witness said
the first oa'th administered to those
who participated was that if they did
not want to go any further and take
the oaths they should turn back and
go out. ; ;
By slow degrees Mrs. Elliott. repeat
ed the oaths of vengeance and the
various penalties ascribed for reveal
ing any part of the ceremonies. Dur
ing her testimony concerning the pen
alties of mutilation of the body, the
witness trembled continuously and ap
peared to proceed with difficulty. After
saying that each person taking the
endowments agrees to have his or her
throat cut. Mrs. Elliott said it would
be impossible for her to go further.
At the request of Tayler. Mrs. El
liott described the garments worn by
Mormons who have taken the endow
ments. Senator Overman asked if ev
ery Morman in good standing is com
pelled to wear the- garments and the
witness said that all such Mormons
wear the garments as underclothing.
Looking at Senator Smoot. Senator
Overman asked the witness if she were
sure every Mormon in good standing
In the committee room had the gar
ments on.
"Yes, sir, they have." The reply pro
voked laughter and the witness re
peated: "I know they all have them
on." _>■:-,%■
P>oraker asked the witness
If she had ever heard of the endow
ment house penalties being enforced
against any one. She said she had not.
Tayler asked if she expected to suf
fer by reason of. giving testimony here.
Mrs. Elliott said she expected that her
business would suffer.
CHURCH IX POLITICS.
Charles H. Jackson of Boise
Idaho, chairman of the Democratic
State Committee, testified at length
concerning the growing power of th°
Mormon church and its interference
with State affairs, which, he said,-was
made the paramount issue by Demo
crats and Independents in the last
campaign !n Idaho. He said 'that
apostles. of. the church from Utah go
Into , Idaho: and -direct' the people how
'tp vote. .
'He told of the visit, of Apostle "John
Henry-Smith for the purppse of direct
ing legislation and said {hat the in
fluence of the church' : accomplished
the passage of the sugar bounty " bill."
This measure places a State bounty of
1 cent a pound on all sugar manufac
tured with'n the State in 1903 and a
half-cent a pound on all sugar manu
factured in J&04. It is estimated that
the bounty in 1903 amounted to $76,000
and; in 1904 to $150,000. There are four
refineries in thf. State, and President
Joseph Smith of the Mormon church
is president of three of them. The
fourth factory was constructed recent
ly and is controlled by Gentiles.
IX COXTROL OF IDAHO.
Speaking of the influence of the
church en the political affairs of the
State, Jackson took as an T'ustration
the defeat of Governor. Mori .son for a
second nomination. He declared' that
Governor . Morrison's administration
had been satisfactory to his Republi
can constituents, but that he ran>ioul
of the Mormon church and therefore
was denied a second term. In this con
nection Jackson, said with emphasis:
"It is impossible for any man or any
party to stand against the Mormon
church in Idaho." -
In describing; the present condition
of the State, Jackson said six of the
twenty-one counties are known as sol
idly Mormon and that, in all. of the
southern counties the Mormons are in
control, and in that way, he said, thu
church practically is in charge of the
Legislature," political conventions and
all gatherings at which- the delegates
are elected by the people.
v,TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to' the > large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
D ISP LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will -be accepted
for that edition after 6
P.- M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after o
P.M.
GET YOUR COPY . IN
EARLY.
COCKRELL. OF MISSOURI
WILJi ACCEPT THE PLACE
Senator Informs Friends That He Has
Decided to Serve on Interstate .
Commerce Commission.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— Senator
Francis M.Cockrell of Missouri is said
to " have told friends that he had de
cided to accept "the appointment as a
member of the Interstate Commerce
Commission. ' % "
California Postal Changes.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— A post
office has been established- at: Ben Hur.
Mariposa County, and John; Kilby has
been appointed postmaster. James H.
Adams has been appointed postmaster
at- Inwood, Charles N..: Fessler .* ?at
Rltchey and Lena S. Guderlan at La
Canada, Los Angeles County. The
new. postofflces - at Hemet, Imperial,
Majara and Rudley will ; become inter
national money order -offices on Jan
uary,
Navy Orders.
' WASHINGTON, Dec. 1 6.— Acting
Carpenter J. " Feaster Jr/; Is detached
from the Philadelphia at, the navy
yard at Puget- Sound and is .ordered
to the Pennsylvania at, Cramps'. :. .
Manly beauty is more ornamental
than useful.
FIXING RATES
FOR RAILROADS
Senate Committee on Inter
state Commerce Takes Up
■the Quarles - Cooper Bill
VIEWS ARE CONFLICTING
Edward} Baccm of Milwaukee
Does -Not -Favor. Becomnieii
datioii^Iade by Eooseyelt
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16. — The
Quarles-Cobper' bill; permitting the
Interstate', Commerce Commission to
flx railroad rates, •was, the subject of
a hearing to-day by' the Senate-,Com
mittee ,on interstate- Commerce, at
which Edward B. Bacon of Milwaukee,
chairman ' of . the : executive committee
of the Interstate Commerce Law Con
vention.'held last summer at St: Louis,
was the- principal' speaker. : In re
sponse to an interrogation: from Sena
tor Tillman, Bacon said he \yas .con
fident that the bill ' represents'" the
wishes of the business ; interests: in
providing for suspending the • findings
of the commission in cases of appeal.
"Then," said Tillman, "you do not
agree with the President, who recom
mends that a : rate fixed , by the "com
mission shall go into immediate ef
fect." ' -.
Replying Vto questions by Senator
Cullom, Bacon said that,the shippers
vould prefer the suspension of rates
for sixty days pending an appeal, with
a time. limit on appeals, to giving un
limited .time and allowing the rates
to go into effect immediately. He said
in response to Senator Elkins that in
case it should be ultimately decided
tttftt the rate fixed by the commission
;wis too low, the railroads would have
ho • recourse on. account of the loss
sustained, but he agreed with Senator
Tillman- that such a condition would
be no worse on the railroads than
would a rate that is too high would
be on the shippers.
H. R. Fuller, representing the rail
road labor organizations, made an
argument j against the bill relieving
narrow-gauge roads from some of thfe
requirements of the safety appliance
law. . .
PRIVATE BILLS IN HOUSE.
Baker" of New York Calls for Beef
• - Trust Report,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— To-day's
session of ihe House was given over j
almost exclusively to the consideration
of the bills on the private calendar. A
dozen or. more were passed. The Sen
ate amendments to the urgent defi
ciency bill were agreed to and adjourn
ment, was taken until Monday.
The House adopted a resolution of
fered by Curtis of Kansas providing i
that the exercises appropriate to the
reception and acceptance from the
State of 'Kansas of the statue of the
late John J. Ingalls, erected in Statu
ary Hall of the > Capitol, be made . the
special order for Saturday, January
21, 1905.
Representative Baker -. of New York j
introduced a resolution- requesting. the
Attorney General "to report to this
.House whether, he has ascertained that
the so-called beef trust is in restraint
of trade,, and j if. so. what steps he has
taken under the provisions. of the law
to cause a. ■ forfeiture of; the, property
(in course of transportation from one
State, to another) of -those constituting
the so-called beef trust."
FOR OAKLAND HARBOR,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 16.— E. C. Ses
sions and Edwin Stearns, representing
the Oakland Board of Trade, together
with several members of the California
delegation in Congress, led by Senator
Perkins, had a session with the House
Committee on Rivers and Harbors to
day. Senator Perkins introduced the
Oaklanders and briefly stated the/needs
of their harbor. Sessions presented
photographs and maps and answered
a long line of questions asked by
Chairman Burton.
The California delegation is urging
the third plan; as proposed. by Colonel
Heuer of the Corps of Engineers, U. S.
A., and which contemplates an ex
penditure "of about $900,000. Repre
sentatives of . the Oakland Board of
Trade are gratified at the consideration
given the proposition.
BEAT AN D ROB
RICH FARMER
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
DAYTON, Wash., Dec. 16.— William
Jibbins, an aged farmer living nine
miles north of Dayton; .was robbed of
$6000 last night. Jibbins arrived in
town to-day with nine severe cuts
about the head and completely cov
ered with blood.
; -Soon after dark Thursday some one
called Jibbins. As he stepped from
the doorway of his home a; man "quick
ly grabbed him from behind and at the
same time struck him over- the head
with a hatchet. He was then bound
with a rope -and' left lying upon the
ground while the robbers searched the
house.' They secured in gold
from an old trunk. , Jibbins was thor
oughly freightened and as soon as he"
could; Tintie himself ran to the. barn
andstayed there until morning. ' ' " .
Jibbins Ms a bachelor. He owns one
of the best farms in the county. He is
considered eccentric "and is known to
be quite wealthy: He keeps gpld'hid
den about his place/ and: always car
ries several hundred dollars about with
him,, Usually in an old gunny sack.
■Eruptions
.-Dry, moist,- scaly tetter, all forms
of -eczema or. salt rheum, pimples
and", other, cutaneous eruptions _ pro-
ceed, from humors, * either inherite^ or
acquired 'through . .defective digestion
arid assimilation.
.To treat \heVe "eruptions with dry T
ihg.medicines is dangerous. ' "■*"
.The- thing- to. do is. to take
Hood's Sarsapariltd
■Which thoroughly cleanse the '-. blood;
expelling'.* all humors and . building
■ up, the whole system. They cure.^
'Accept no substitute.
,. ;■■ Testimonials , of remarkable cures mailed '■ on
; reduest.'; C. I. HOOD CO. '. Lowell. Mats.
■ ;V ■■ ; : Suchjow prices on good pianos ha v€ seldom if ever been made before. * !j
I ■ ■ . ;; But we have good reasons for the remarkable cut in prices on these pianos. |
1 We must close out all those particular styles, which the manufacturers will not make I
I again, and which will not appear in the new 1905 catalogue.
I ; Bear in mind that these pianos ore all in perfect order, of excellent grade,
j beautiful tone, and free in action, and are fully guaranteed.
1 T* 1 * low P rices we - uotc ought to interest you; but when you see and hear one of
8 these instruments you will surely be convinced.'
|j NEW BUT DISCONTINUED STYLES. USED BUT GOOD A8 NEW.
1 '■■ WAS.' MOW. &»*• *%£«?* .wSf' »3?S
B Steck . : $500 8375 Steck tTprljrlit.. $600 s.'MO ■
I Pac^rd.,.. ...........;:... . W5 0 834O >8SSP : SSffiv v ggg^ |||^ |
| Harriiurton ...?375 $-265 g'^'^^^v^-"^"-*--"-**'----^^ SSSS I
H * • ■ Coaow Grand. • $80O $450 H
| SECOND-HAND BUT IV PEB7ECT OBDEB. |j
m Marcellu» Upriarht 3»1O."» I C A Stan* mm«rtt ••« 9
H Kohler ft Campbell 8^2.*» DnrSht S-»«£X I
B Clouirh & Warm STS-- I £i^ upnsrnx .S I •►<> t
g v»uu8o b winea 8185 I Sbtnuaa * Co. Uprlflrht ...8125 ||
I We have a line of brand new upright pianos which we bought in a large quantity |
I from a celebrated factory— pianos that have been sold by some dealers for as much as |
I $300. 00; beautiful veneers, ivory keys, practice pedal, etc. We are determined to place I
| these pianos on the 'market for only $150.00 each, but at this price no stool or scarf I
I can be included. rj
V SQUARE PIANOS I
I We are still selling fairly good squares at $ l'2.00 each. Some we are obliged to |
j .ask more for of course, but we have a lot. of squares to sell at extremely low figures. q
j Piano Players, $125.00 up ; Organ, $35.00 up I
I Store Open Day and Night. ' WOl Accept Little Payments if Necessary |
1 931-933 MARKET STREET I
« SAN- FR ANPI-QPrt i\
SENATE PASSES
PHILIPPINE BILL
WASHINGTON. Dec. 16.— The Senate
to-day by a vote of 44 to 23 passed the
Philippine civil government bill. The
final vote was preceded by the presen
tation of many amendments and a
general discussion of them, as, well as
of the provisions of the bill. The dis
cussion was confined. generally, to the
merits of the measure. On some of
the amendments ; suggested by Demo
cratic Senators i several Western Re
publicans voted in the affirmative, but
Senator McCumber was the only Re
publican who voted with the Demo
crats against the final passage of the
bill.
The most notable change made during
the day was the lowering of the rate
of interest .on the railroad bonds to
be guaranteed by the Philippine Gov
ernment from'o to 4 per cent.
The bill as passed exempts from
taxation all bonds issued by the Philip
pine and Porto Rican. Governments;
authorizes municipalities in the Philip
pines to l incur a bonded indebtedness
amounting to 5 per cent of the. as
sessed valuation of their property at
5 per. cent interest; authorizes the
Philippine Government to incur a
bonded indebtedness of. $5,000,000 for
improvements at 4\k per cent interest;
authorizes the Philippine Government
toguarantee the payment of interest
on"; railroad bonds at the~rate. of .4 per
cent per annum; provides for the' ad
ministration of the immigration laws
by the Philippine authorities;
lishes a- system for the location and
patenting of mineral, coal and saline
lands; fixes the metric system for the
islands and gives the Civil Governor
the title of Governor-General.
During the day Senator Beveridge
from the. Committee on -Territories re
ported, the statehood bill. He will
make a; motion. on the- first day, that
the -Senate convenes in January that
the consideration of the bill be entered
into at once.
; Bard, gave, notice of an' amendment
confining the provisions of the 'bill. to
the^State to' be formed by the union
of ; Oklahoma and Indian Territory and
eliminating all reference to Arizona and
New < Mexico. " ' •
Senator Spooner" for the Committee
on • Rulea presented a resolution au
thorizing ■■, the r appointment ' of a: Joint
committee, consisting., of three 'mem
bers, of the Senate and three of, the
House/ to prepare for the inauguration
of • the . President on the 4th of March
next. The resolution; was agreed to.
Heyburn -and' McCumber sought te
bring up ; the • pure-foodj bill, but Lodge
moved an executive, session; and his
"motion ' on a 2 roll-call . prevailed.- Ths
Senate at 4:40 o'clock went into" execu- 1
tive'session, adjourning at 5:05 : o'clock
until ' ; Monday. :
Faces Death Without Fear.
BOISE, Idaho, Dec. < lSi-^ames
Connors, the murderer ; of Deputy
Sheriff * Sweet ■ at . Blackf qot. "was exe^,
cuted here to-day. >; Connors 'declined
spiritual comfort' and : faced death
/with a bravado neverbefore witnessed
"on a scaffold in : Idaho.
MOURN TRUST
IN PHYSICIAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 16.— JV number of
San Diegans are exercised over the dis
appearance of Dr. J. C. Peltier, who,
according to the complaint made to the
police, has worked a smooth game here.
Dr. Peltier came here supposedly for
the purpose of opening a drug business
on Logan' avenue and started opera
tions by Inducing two well-known citi
zens to give him.personal note*, which,
he claimed, he wished to use as securi
ty in purchasing a supply of drugs.
One of the men let him have two notes,
one for $100 and the other for $125. The
doctor's landlady says that she loaned
him $60 with which to purchase his
drugs. A cripple, who goes about in a
self-propelled wheel-chair, says he
paid the doctor $75 in advance for
treatment. The doctor left*, for the
north Monday, presumably to purchase
his goods, and was to return Wednes
day, but failed to do so. The departure
on Wednesday of the doctor's daughter
alarmed his creditors.
To Cure a Cold In One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money It It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove'* tlgrnaiure i* on #ach box 25c*
Mndame Melba's Protege Arrives.
NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— Elisabeth
Parkinas. a protege of Madame. Mel
ba, the prima donna,- arrived here on
the steamer Majestic to-day to flll
two engagements* in this country. She
will take Melba's place at a concert in
Boston and will 6ing with Melba.at
Kansas City.' Miss Parkinas' home is
at,Kansas City, but she has resided in
Paris for several years. The Majestic
'had a tempestuous passage, and ar
rived here nearly two days late.
REDUCTION SALE
WALL PAPER
To close out a lare* number of short lots before stock-taking,
we shall offer special inducements for the next two weeks at oar
Mission-street store. This sale will be especially attractive to those
who desire medium and high grade papers at a very low price— less
than half the regular rates. The assortment is large, embracirfg over
fifty thousand rolls, among. which are ordinary white blanks, gilts,
tapestries, fancy stripes and two-tone effects of all colors.
It will pay to purchase now for future requirements. 'It is well
to bear in mind that those who call first will find the best assort-
ments.
L. TGZER ©> SON CO.
7 6 2 MIS;MON STR E E T
FREE FREE
- WITH
SUNDAY CALL
1 , SMALL ADS.
A Box of
'££ RAMONA*
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
Or the
RAMONA DOMINOES.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars. • -
REMEMBERS HIS NEPHEWS
OX THE PACIFIC COAST
St. LouU Millionaire Leares $2300 to
Each of Three San Francisco
Relatives.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 16.— The will of th©
late Benjamin Brown Graham, presi
dent of ,the Graham Paper Company,
was filed for probate to-day. , It be
queaths to his nephews, William O.
Richardson, B. F. Richardson and
Charles Richardson, of San Francisco
$2500 each. The bulk of the estate,
valued at about $1,000,000; goes to the
testator's wife and daughter-
Kills Woman and Himself.
MINNEAPOLIS. Dec. 16.— J. B. Rich
ardson of the Soule Grain Company
this afternoon shot and killed Miss
Nellie Christianson, a 'dressmaker, -on
one of the principal streets and then
t-hot and killed himself.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
• Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding PUmw
Your druggist will refund money UPAZO OINT
MENT falls to cur* you In 8 to 14 day*. 30c*
AUBURN. Dee. 18. — Georze IMmltlvtch. *
Greek. In attempting to jump s> freight train
near Orel station this morning; fell and had
hU.left leg cut off. below the knee.. Ho was
brought to the County Hospttal. ■ . vNEW ADVISERS
FOR ALFONSO
Cabinet Formed in Madrid
to Take the Place of the
. One Which Just Resigned
AZCARRAGA AT HEAD
Premier Maura of Opinion
That His Treatment Was
• Virtually a Dismissal
MADRID, Dec 16.— King Alfonso
has approved the new Cabinet, which
is as follows: Premier and Minister of
Marine, General Azcarraga; Minister
of Finance, Senor Castellano; Minister
cf Interior, Senor Vardillo; Minister
of Foreign Affairs. Marquis Agnila de
Campo; Minister of Instruction, Senor
Lacierva; Minister of Justice, Senor
Ugurte; Minister of Agriculture. Senor
Cardenas; Minister of War, General
Villar.
It is said that Premier Arcarraga will
enly act as Minister of Marine in the
absence of Admiral Vinieyre, who has
accepted the portfolio.
Premier Azcarraga announces that
he will continue the policy of his
.predecessors. Silvela and Maura, but
his tenure of office is expected to be
brief. The new Cabinet is not consid
«red a strong one. Former Premiers
Maura, and Villaverde have promised
their support to the new Cabinet, but
their friends refused to accept port
folios in it.
Several newspapers declare that
former Premier Maura considers him
f elf ag having virtually been dismissed.
It has been known for the past month
at tho Palace that General Lono,
former Military Governor, had been
selected for Chief of Staff and the
King's advocacy of General Polavieja
for the post was equivalent to the dis
missal of Senor Maura.
TOUGH LITTLE SCHOONER
SURVIVES AX AWFUL TRIP
Vessel Reaches Seattle From Nome
After Hard Battle With Wind
and Waves.
SEATTLE, Dec. 16. — The schooner
Mary Ann, ninety-six tons. Captain
Bissell, arrived at Ballard last night
after an eventful voyage from Xome.
She left there Ortober 17, having on
board Louis Musing and a party of
five miners outfitted for two years, who
Mi^re to be landed at Cook Inlet,
Western Alaska. The little craft was
blown far out • to sea, however, and
could not make the inlet. Then she
tried to get Into Resurrection to land
her passengers. Frightful gales pre
vented this and in desperation she was
compelM to shape a course for Se
attle, landing her passengers here,
1600 miles from their destination.
Heavy Damages Awarded.
MERCED, Dec. 16. — In the case of
A. De Long vs. Miller & Lux the Jury
to-night awarded the plaintiff dam
ages in the Fum of J 10.000. The
amount sued for was $25,000. The
suit grew out of an accident that hap
pened to the plaintiff in June, 1900,
by which he was severely injured.
PRIEST ON SOCIALISM.— Alameda. Dec
1* — Rev. Alexander P. Doyle. pr*«ld*nt of
th» Apostoticai Missionary College at Wash
ington, d. '-.. and a noted Catholic divine and
author, will deliver an address on ••Socialism
and Catholicity" in La£a.yette Hall next Fri
day r.ifht ur.il^r the a.uep!ees cf California,
Council rf the Youns Men's Iastitute. The
lecture will l>» fr»e.
ADVERTISEMENTS. |
r— = — I Positirelr cured by !
AADTTDv the«e Little Pills.
uMl\ I Ll\0 Tlie J" tCso re^e™ Dls- j
■nan tress Irczx Dyspepsia, In-
BaS ITTLE Cjestloa aM Too Eeartj
Eg I \# P Q EatiE£. A perfect r?m-
K"2 I V Kin «Sy lor Dizziness. Xaosea, i
. §1 PILLSs D rc" ir K^ss. Bad Taste;
jgf jgj5 In tiie ttout&. Coated
BJjgjjgHEllI . Toapue. Pain la the «<J».
wmt^^^Bam I TORPID LIVER. Tbej
rtfiite tie Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL FILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
CARTERSl CURE S1CK ii£ - iDACmi -
C5rrTLE Genuine Musi Bear
j a I VE R Fac-Simfle Signature
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that is to let it alone. If you try
anr other way It will set the best ef.
too. It you can't let It alone you need
X>r. McKanr.n's treatment. Dr. McKaa-
• ea cures tee liquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting; tha
vj'stezn in its natural condition, where
liquor is not needed to help the machin-
ery cat the body to do its work. Dr.
McELanna eSects a complete cure in threa
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermic?, annoying confinement or bad
after eZectr. Dr. McKanna'a treatment
Je absolutely safe and cannot harm the
rreet delicate constitution. Why waste
time and money In drinking whisky
when you can be cured of the liquor
habit in three days with no chance of
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Thirk It over and call or write Dr. Mc-
Kanna for full Information- Address 14
Geary street. San Francisco. CaL Phons
3 037 Main.
visit DR. JORDAN'S ancATi
43USEUH OF ANfiTOHY?
Q Q} '•••^uiztra.^x.tuTxz.j.ziLA
X 9^ ,~ The *■*•!«»* A.»«t»Bri<»l Kacn in f ■• \
') #><5P«?*v •••"*• **•**«■••• t imj rwuricfi A
6f£3f£fi gu— « p— UlT.ly— rm*tvth»»Uint Y
IB HI !>pe«>«u«o«U€C«««. Etc. 36 jam. Q
0 H?¥i2jk CR * rf a R 5AM-DJ8EASES CF KEN A
A If^Wr free »ad «rirt!y ptirate. \
0 f J#€f H i'*» ? « 1 « rl p*ttmMi<r or br lestrr. A A
\ 8 W M **"*"* Onanc^aMotonta. T
V* a U« bassuoe. »c*n.E» r*SE. ( a.9
X A (J. »*;a»t:e b»ot for mm) \
V DB. JOCI)AA*tO,iC:i V»'!t#ty...S. r. Y
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GOKA-
* tcr and Nervine.
Tb« most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for th« Sexual Ortjui*. for both aexea.
The Mexican Remedy fcr Diseases of the
HJiAziery* and Bladder. Sells on its own merits
N'ABER ALFS & BRU.VE. Agents.
S=8 llarket «U. S. F.— <Bend for Circulars.) .
FRESH FROM SCENE OF HOSTILITIES
Men Who Have Been Taking Part in the War Drama
of the Orient Arrive on the Mongolia.
Henry B. Miller, United States Consul
General at Newchwang, was among the
distinguished passengers arriving on
the steamship Mongolia yesterday, and
during his short stay in this city he is
living at the Palace. Consul, General
Miller is home on a sick leave. He left
Newchwang on October 26, and spent a
month in Japan before continuing his
homeward journey. From here he ex
pects to go to his old home and will
then visit Washington, which he ' fig
ures reaching aUut the middle of Jan
uary.
Miller was stationed in Newchwang
about > four years as a Consul, . but
shortly after the outbreak "of tire Japa
nese-Russian war he was promoted to
the position of Consul General in recog
nition of his services performed in pro
tecting the interests of Americans and
other foreigners In that section of Man
churia. Although his headquarters was
at Newchwang, Miller's jurisdiction as
Consul General extended to Port Ar
thur, Dalny, Harbin and Mukden. Some
months ago the United States appoint
ed Consuls to Dalny. Harbin and Muk
den, but as yet the new American rep
resentatives have not been able to ta~:<i
their positions.
CONSUL GIVES PROTECTION.
At the outbreak of the Japanese-
Russian war Consul General Miller fig
ured most prominently in the evacua
tion of Xewchwang by the Russians
and the occupation of the city by the
Japanese. Through his good offices con
flict between the warring nations at
Newchwang was diplomatically avoid
ed, and through this fact he gained
favor of the two armies. Discussing
his experiences last evening he said:
"At the evacuation a great deaJ of
tact was required to prevent a clash.
Realizing that the Japanese would
surely occupy Newchwans, General
Kuropatkin ordered the Russians to
withdraw from the city, over which
they had held political control. When
they withdrew, 1, as senior Cousul, was
called upon to arrange a temporary
government for the city pending the
arrival of the Japanese. On the night
the latter arrived I entertained the re
tiring Russian Consul at a dinner and
while this function was in progress my
friend, the British consul, was like
wise entertaining the Japanese officers
and as the two dinners proceeded we
were able quietly to effect a transfer
without the least friction. Between
February S and July 26 I had charge of
a number of Japanese in Xewchwang,
about 3000 in all, and in getting them
out of the city I found the Russians
most helpful and kindly disposed
toward my plan. When the Japanese
began to arrive I performed a similar
act for the Russian residents of the
city and must say that the Japanese
acted in a most cordial manner toward
me and gave me every possible aid.
CHINESE POLICE MUTIXY.
"The onfy battle we saw was the ar
tillery dud about sixteen miles from
Xewchwang, which lasted from July
22 to July 25. We got word that the
Russians were to withdraw from
Xewchwang, and the following morn
ing they. had all left. Th"e next thing
we knew the 300 Chinese police of the
city, wearing the insignia 'Yim Kow'
(Russian police) on their coat sleeves,
had destroyed their badges of office,
openly mutinied and proceeded to loot
the town. The first public building
they attacked was the police station,
tvhich th'.y sacked from basement to
roof, and then robbed other public
buildings. Meanwhile a detachment of
rive Japanese 6couts had ridden Into
the city and stationed themselves at
the entrance of the main public build
ing. They, however, were not in com
mand of an officer and refused to take
charge, fully appreciating: that they
were not vested with authority.
"The foreigners, however, organized
a temporary government under my di
r<Krtion, . arms und ammunition were
distributed among them and we pro
ceeded to establish peace within the
city. This work was quickly effected
•with the aid of the Chinese guilds, and
finally the coolie police, after having
had their coat sleevesdecoratedwith an
other insignia. 'Jim' Kow" (Japanese
police), assumed a grave air and again
took up their peaceful duties, guard
ing the very places which they had
previously robbed of everything that
was valuable. .
"We could hear the sound of can
nonading in tho distance as the war
proceeded, and particularly during: the
battle of Kai Chow, twenty-five miles
boyond Newchwang, but saw very lit-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17. 1904.
SOME OF THE INTERESTING PEO
PLE WHO ARRIVED YESTER
DAY ON THE MONGOLIA.
tie of the belligerents and learned little
of the progress of the strife."
: AID GIVEN TO REFUGEES, h
Consul-General Miller, as president
of the International Red Cross and
Refugee Aid Society, which was sup
ported mainly by the Chinese guilds
of Shanghai, devoted much of his en
ergy to aiding Chinese in Manchuria,
out of which country thousands of
Chinese were sent during the early part
of the war. In this work Miller said
last night he was greatly assisted by
the Scotch and Irish Presbyterian mis
sions of the Orient, which loaned their
physicians and hospitals. After the
battle of Liaoyong the society cared for
300 wounded and several thousand
Chinese refugees, " At Mukden about
3000 refugees were assisted out of Man
churia.
Concerning the probable outcome of
the war Consul-General Miller declined
to make any statement, fearing that
any opinion he might volunteer would
be regarded in a political light. Re
ferring to the firm stand being made
at Port Arthur he said It was general
ly understood in Manchuria that the
Russian forces in the harbor were
amply provided with provisions, for it
was a notorious fact that the smug
gling of contraband had been going
on for many months. In fact it was
generally known that many thousands
of small Chinese junks were engaged in
carrying contraband into Port Arthur.
A great deal of this traffic, which the
Russians encouraged by offering bis
bonuses, originated for a time at
Xewchwang, but of late the Japanese
had discouraged it. The confidence ot
the Japanese in their ability to cap
ture Port Arthur by land forces had
apparently made them 'indifferent to
the fact that food was being continual
ly conveyed by way of the coast to
the besieged Russians.
SAYS KCROKI IS ALIVE.
Captain Peyton C. , March of the
general staff of the United States
army, one of the officers selected by
the department to accompany the Jap
anese army In the field for the pur
pose of taking military observations,
returned yesterday on the liner Mon
golia. Captain March brings absolute
refutation of the report that General
Kuroki was killed by a Russian shell.
"In several of the -reports' I -' have
seen," said Captain March yesterday,
"General Kuroki is said to have been
killed on October 5. All the reports
agree as to the date, so I suppose they
are all children of the. same original,
and, I am glad to say, mistake"n, ru
mor. I was 'with General Kuroki. on
that day and every day until I left the
front, November 30, when I started
for home. He is far from being dead.
Although exposed on numerous occa
sions he sustained no hurt and is one
of the healthiest men I ever met. Ku
roki is particularly keen and ener
getic. He Inspires his officers and
men with his own enthusiasm and his
death would be a serious loss."
Captain March admires the Japan
ese infantry and has brought awa
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
H O L ID AY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
D I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLYi^
with him a wholesome respect for the
little brown men.
"Any nation on earth," he declares,
"that undertook to whip Japan' would
have Its hands full."
Captain March was assigmed to Gen
eral Kuroki's army and from May 1
until November 3*0 shared the for
tunes of .that branch of the Mikado's
forces. He witnessed many engage
ments, among them the famous artil
lery duels which marked the long and
bitter battle of Liaoyang. The Jap
anese, he says, have artillery much
inferior to -that- of the Russians, but
the daring of the little brown men
more than made up for what their
guns lacked in range. „ , x ■
Captain March' has -many* friends
In San Francisco.;. His first visit here
was when he came through as colonel
of the Astor Battery. He brought
those curled darlings " safely home
while the trouble in the Philippines
was still young. He returned to the
Philippines later an(T rendered dis
tinguished service in" some of the
hardest campaigning seen in the isl
ands. America now has only two mil
itary representatives with the Japan
ese army. Colonel Crowder is with
Kuroki and Major Kuhn is at Toklo
waiting for the Japanese Government
to send him to the front.
J. Azevedo Castello Branco, Portu
gal's representative at the Chinese cap
ital, was also on the passenger list of
the Mongolia.
Major Inagaki is a member of the
staff of Marquis Oyama, the command
er in chief of the Japanese army. From
the beginning of the war he has been
attached to General Kuroki's army and
has been in two battles and many skir
mishes. Inagaki is a type of the best
quality of Japanese officers. Small of
stature, erect, alert and athletic, his
eyes snao with enthusiasm when he
speaks of the struggle in which he took
part. He speaks volubly and with ap
parent eagerness to tell all he knows,
but he says little' and answers direct
questions with a Japanese, smile. Ina
gaki has a fine record as a soldier and
is now on his way to London as mili
tary attache to the Japanese embassy
there.
A BLOCKADE RU.WEK
Thomas P. Dorris was mate of the
steamer Si Shan, of which Captain
Harry Struve, once commander of the
transport Hancock, was skipper: The
Si Shan was owned by Louis Spltzel of
Shanghai, and in October is said to
have run the blockade into Port Arthur
with 300,000 rifles and eighty-five* head
of cattle. After unloading her cargo at
Port Arthur she proceeded to New
chwang, where the Japanese seized
her. She was taken to the naval sta
tion at Sasebo, but after twenty-two
days* detention was released, the Japa
nese being unable to get sufficient evi
dence of the Port Arthur trip. Struve,
Dorris and all on board were held in
close surveillance at Sasebo. The ves
sel returned to Shanghai, and Spitzel
has begun suit against Japan for dam
ages. Dorris lives at 726 Duboce ave
nue.
Edward A. Kee, the boy of doubtful
parentage who Is held on the liner by
the Chinese Bureau, left this country
three years ago. He has a passport,
which lost its virtue as a ticket. of re
admission a year ago, 'and he will have
to prove his American birth before be
ing allowed to land, i He was ;born in
Chicago, he says, and attended school
there and in Washington, D. C. His
mother's maiden name was Healy. ■;■_.
CONSULTS HIS MIRROR.
The man he knows as his father is
Charley Kee, a full-blood Chinese em
ployed by this Government as an in
terpreter. Though Charley Kee brought
him up, paid for his education and pro
vided him with money while In,Hong
kong, whither he went to learn the
Chinese language, Edward says that
•when ; he ', consults -his mirror he has
grave-doubts as to whether Charley Is
really his father. . .
Young ; Kee's appearance would seem
to confirm his suspicions. There ' is no
apparent * trace of Mongolian ancestry,
either ; in his j features or hair, and in
speech;;; manner; and ideas there Is
enough of Young America to give force
to his comment, ."I. was , a sucker to
spring that ; Chinese . passport; at all.
Nobody would ; have been . a bit the
wiser. If I'd kept; my; mouth shut."
- Edward wants "; to reach Chicago by
Christmas. "I'll stay on board ■; to
night," he said, "and If they don't let
me land to-morrow I'll go ashore : any
way. ' If they, arrest me they'll have to
show why. ; I'm an -American, and , I'm
going home for. Christmas." "/. •
CHINESE IGNORE
COMMISSIONERS
Refuse to Answer Summons
of Police Board on the
Advice of Their Attorney
QUESTION AUTHORITY
Asiatic Keepers of Gambling
Places Declare They Cannot
Be Compelled to Testify
The right of the Board of Police Com
missioners to proceed with its investi
gation of the charges of bribery in
Chinatown was put in issue in an un
locked for manner yesterday. Its effect
was swift, and after a whispered con
sultation the members of the board de
cided that it was best not to press the
question too far without looking the
ground over thoroughly, and an ad
journment until next Wednesday even
ing, the regular meeting night of the
board, was abruptly ordered.
When j the commission met yesterday
afternoon to proceed with the hearing
of the bribery case Sergeant of Police
Jesse Cook was directed to serve sub
penas on Chin Kim You and Chim
Buck Guy, keepers of gambling places
at 820 and 820% Washington street, the
raid of which places by Commissioner
Hutton resulted in the present investi
gation. Cook found the two Chinese
without difficulty, and under authority
of the subpenas informed them that he
would forthwith remove them before
the commission to testify.
The Chinese ruled differently, how
ever. They demanded the right to tele
phone to Attorney George D.^ Collins,
their legal representative, for instruc
tions. Sergeant Cook saved them this
trouble by telephoning himself to Col
lins, informing him of the situation.
"In the first place the' Police Commis
sion has no authority to issue subpe
nas," said Collins to Cook over the tel
ephone, "and in the second place you
have no right to remove these men be
fore the commission even if the sub
penas were* authoritative. If you re
move the Chinese from their places I
will swear out a warrant for your ar
rest for false imprisonment of my cli
ents, and will also demand the arrest
of the entire commission on the same
charge. I have instructed my clients
not to testify before the commission in
this matter, and trouble will be avoided
if you convey my message to the com
mission."
Sergeant Cook called a policeman to
keep an eye on the Chinese and hur
ried to the rooms of the Police Commis
sion, where he laid the situation before
them in whispers. The commission.
Chief Wittman and Sergeant Cook
continued their whispered consultation
for some' minutes, and then Hutton
abruptly said, "The commission stands
adjourned until next Wednesday night.*'
It was apparent that the Chinese
had won their point but how the spec
tators did not know. As soon as the
meeting adjourned Commissioner How
ell called on Attorney Collins for a
further explanation of the stand he
had taken regarding the subpenas.
"It is my contention," said Collins
to Howell, "that the Police Commission
has no power to enforce recognition of
a subpena. In my opinion the .Police
Commission has no power to punish for
contempt for such disobedience, of .its
mandate; that It is a body of form
only and is without substance. I have
now brought this question to an is
"sue. . If you assume that you have such
power you -may cite me or one of my
clients for contempt and'we will carry
the auestlon to a decision.
"Granting, however, that the Police
Commission has, the power to compel
attendance at Investigation regularly
conducted, it would have no such pow
er in the presefht case, for the board is
not proceeding legally. It must first
make specific charges of bribery
against some member of the depart
ment and then disclose facts as they
may exist at the trial of the accused.
In any event I shall Instruct my clients
to continue to disobey your subpenas,
and I am confident that I will be up
held if the question goes to the courts
for decision."
Howell made no attempt to break
down the force of this argument and In
consequence much interest attaches to
the next meeting of the board, when it
will define its stand on the issue thus
raised.
MUST PRESENT
HER DEFENSE
NEW YORK, Dec. 16.— Without hear
ing argument by the prosecution, which
had rested its case. Justice Vernon M.
Davis b the criminal branch cf * the
Supreme Court to-day denied the mo
tion of "Nan" Patterson's counsel to
acquit her of the charge of murdering
Caesar Young, and adjourned the trial
until Monday at the request of the de
fense, .^xj. C'
The question of the admissibility of
evidence , concerning J. Morgan Smith
and his wife was again raised, and Jus
tice Davis decided to admit the evi
dence.
John Mellin, Young's racing partner,
•was recalled and identified several let
ters written by Young to Miss Patter
son. Only two other witnesses were
called to-day, the greater part of the
session being taken up by argument of
counsel. * :,,
. . . , . 1 r. o.ru-u-..ru-L-Lru-» <-vn^r»r*-,n<-i o.a.^na.r^x
O^-^i // B J Materials: — One quart pea beans, /rjub
V *§^P|A!Ui»i&/ half cupful molasses, one table- kS||
1 spoonful salt, half pound salt pork, ggg^
fc-~^. quarter teaspoonful dry mustard. gjgf5?>;
»HE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning:— Baked beans are equally good hot or cold, but how-
ever served they need the piquancy and zest quickly
imparted by pouring over them a few spoonfuls of
; Lea A Perrins' Sauce.
JOHN DUKCAN^ SONS, Agsnta, SEW YOUR.
MRS. CHADWICK
DENIED NURSE
Judge Issues Order That Xo
One Be Allowed to Visit
Accused Woman in Jail
STRICTLY ENFORCED
She Sends Word to Paper in
Pittsburg That She Does
Not Owe Any Banks There
CLEVELAND. Dec. 16.— Mrs. Chad
wick wil!, from now until the time of
her trial or arraignment in court, be
rigidly excluded from all visitors and
s even her son and nurse will be denied
permission to see her except on the
■written order of United States Marshal
Chandler.
This afternoon an order was received
at the jail by Sheriff Barry from Unit
ed States Judge Wing of Toledo, direct
ing Barry to deny all people the privi
lege of seeing her. Barry at once or
dered that the nurse, Freda Swan
strom. who was then in the jail with
Sirs. Chadwlck, to leave. This action
was in direct opposition t6 an order of
United States Marshal Chandler Issued
yesterday, in which he directed that
Emil Hoover, the son of Mrs. Chad
wick, and the nurse, should be admit
ted at any time to see the accused
woman.
The order of Judge Wing put an
end to the episodes at the jail and
Mrs. Chadwlck's attorneys declared
this afternoon that there would be no
further developments in the legal end
of the case until Mrs. Chad wick was
brought ir.to the court either for ar
raignment or trial.
M. F. Bramler, a wealthy contrac
tor, called on Mrs. Chadwlck just prior
to the receipt of Judge Wing's order,
with Shelden Kerruish. one of Mrs.
Chadwick's. attorneys. He was asked
if he was going to give bail for her and
said he was not. When asked if he
intended to furrish money for the ex
pense of her defense, he laughed, but
did not reply.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 16.— In a tele
gram to the Pittsburg Dispatch Mrs.
Cassie L. Chadwick denies that she H
Indebted to any Pittsburg bank. Th -
telegram says: "Kindly deny report
that I owe money to any Pittsburg
bank. I don't owe them one dollar."
H^ *
TO WAR ON
CONSUMPTION
The women of the California Club
have started a movement to urge the
coming Legislature to establish a State
sanatorium for the treatment and cure
bf consumption.- The lawmakers will
be asked to appropriate funds to build
one or more institutions similar to those
that . have successfull combated tu
berculosis In Germany. A number of
the Eastern States already have such
projects under way, and the California
Club has energetically taken hold of the
good work in this State.
- In a circular that has been issued to
the public by the club it Is set forth
that one person out of every nine In
the United States dies of tuberculosis,
that the disease is communicable, pre
ventable and in its earlier stages cura
ble. Safeguarding of the community is
urged. The economic gain to the com
munity by the prevention and cure of
the dread disease will be a strong ar
gument before the Legislature.
The following resolution of the Cali
fornia Club is incorporated in its ap
peal for support:
Whereas, it is the sense of the California
Club Hhat State and municipal laws should be
enacjed whereby tho spread of tuberculosis
In all Its forms may be prevented and where
by there shall be inaugurated a systematic
education of th« public In the care, treatment
and prevention of the disease, and whereby
State sanitoria shall be established for ths
scientific treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis;
and
Wher«as. the California Club it preparing,
under the best legal and medical advice, a bill
carrying a reasonable appropriation for the
above named purposes, to be introduced in th*
cumins Legislature of this State; therefore,
be it
Resolved, In view of these facts, that the
California Club dees hereby call "upon th^
people of this State to do all In their power
to secure Ihe passage of this bill and to rr.ak*
personal appeals to legislators for prompt and
favorable action in Its b*half. %
A dream of pleasure, tjie new two for
quarter size American, S2 "5 box 25. ; ";.,• •
RAISULI MAKES
A BOLD RAID
TANGIER, Morocco. Dec. 16.—Rai
suh. the notorious brigand chief, who
captured Ion Perdicaris, an American
citizen, and his stepson. Cromwell
Varley. a British subject, in May last,
boldly raided a caravan within the
town of Tangier to-day. The chief had
previously attacked another caravan
five miles outside of Tangier, from
which he took eleven prisoners and a
number of mules.
He then came Into Tangier and re
peated his exploit. In the latter case
he released his prisoners, as the men
he was seeking were not among them.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pacific
Special
_^ -
In Xmas Gifts
That* Are Sure
to Please Men.
jT^ [ Underwear,
Big Neckwear,
°. Faivcy Shirts,
MOCK White Shirts,
1 J Half Hose,
Pajamas,
Night Shirts,
Sweaters,
Umbrellas,
I —1 1 Suspenders,
C^Vf*at Suit* Cases
Oreai and Other
VaIhac Furnishings
v aiues 1 forMen#
See Our Large Show
Windows for Prices.
— •
ops:* xnrxramras.
1 036- 1 038 Market, St.
Junction Turk and Market*.
BARGAINS
Large Machines for Sale at Small
Prices.
WINTONS and TOLEDOS
AUTO LIVERY CO.
Automobile Experts
SALES, HIRE and REPAIRS
Phones South 11 52 and South 66
1185 MARKET STREET
FREE CHB1STMASJ)!N>:ERS
200.000 }**•- % i; --■■;-
Poet People J$f£g}>f£&J±
Salvation £SS4? '\ fflfi
Amy
s r. c*i, "
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STAT 157V\EISX
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
THURINGSA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERPURT. IS GERMANY, ON* THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1903. sad for
the year ending on that day. as road* to tb«
Insurance Commtss!on«r of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions ot sections
CIO and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by th* Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Vain* of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. %SM,T70 82
Ca3h In Company's Office 218 73
Cash in Banks 17S.79S 1*
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 243 83
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 301.4SO O»
Total Assets Sl.273.-iS0 3d
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses In erccess of Adjustment
or In suspense J33.S72 O>
Losses resist*). Including expenses 13.581 6t
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks
running; one year or less. $S52.-
r>61 93: reinsurance SO per cent.. 428,430 99
Grcss Premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$613,484 47; reinsurance pro rata 331. IIS 7%
All other liabilities 73.661 99
Total Liabilities ...S323.U3 37
IKCOME.
Net cash actually rtcetred for Fire
Premiums $1.152,SS9 53
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans aad
from all other sources ,37,827 93
Received from home ofHc« 3.012 68
Total Income .$1,203,327 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount oaid for Fire Losses
(Including $11,620 5M, losses of
previous years) $827,043 13
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 338,382 77
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 63,279 13
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 24.420 7*
All otbtr tsayments and expendi-
tures 48.322 6S
Total Expenditures $1.113.430 83
i Fire- ~
Lessen Incurred during the yaar. .$579.537 IS
Risks * Premtaras | Ftr« Risks, j Premiums
Net amount Risks
■written during the
year $tU.42T.«5 0B $1,S79.«84 34
Net amount Risks
expired during the
year 7.... 12t*«7,3*4 X L42S.894 29
N>t amount - In
fore* Dec. 31. 1903 103.tKQ.43T 53 t. 466.238 43
F. G. VOSS, United Statss Maaagsr.
Subscribed and sworn to bef ore me. this 22d
day of January. 1904.
ED^VIN F. CORET.
Commissioner for California m New Yortu
PACIFIC COAST AGENCY:"
YOSS, CONRAD & GO.
208 Sa&some St., San Francisco, Cat.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KKARjnr »T. K«tat>Ush«4t
In 1*3 1 for the treatm«it ot Private
Djumse!". I<o«t ManBood. Debilltv or
<1V«»sa* wearlnjron body and mind and
Sim Di«-»t«es. The Doctor cur»s when
others fall. Try him. t burg** lo-w.
<'Drr<cniranlrril. CallorwUMk
Dr. J. r. 6IBBOX. Sftu rrazKtKO. Cai.
34
TRADE BRISK
IN ALL LINES
Dun and Brad* treet /Weekly
Iteviews Tell of Great
Activity in Holiday Goods
CHEERFUL TQNE EXISTS
Figures Indicate That Rail-!
way Earnings for Yean
Will Sliow an Increase j
N-EW YORK, Dec 16.— Dun's weekly
review of trade to-morrow will say:
ilar-ufaciuring: activity is steadiiy in- 1
creasing, testifying to the g^irera.1 con- I
tdence in e heavy demand next year, i
the leading branches of business |
report seasonable conditions. Holiday j
goods sell jr.ore freely than staples, but •
a.11 classes of merchandise are going i
into*2arser consumption, while it is the j
exception when there Is complaint re- j
Cardias mercantile collections. The .
preporucn or Idle machinery is grouing \
eu.s_ier «uk1 the cumber of unemployed |
less, few lii»cr disputes of significant, ;
cimensions «iXistin£ outaide of Faii j
Kiver. Farra staples are i-eturning large I
iprcSts to producers, and foreign traue |
returns for .November showed a verj* |
email loss in exjiorts, considering the
atbnorriicl fignres last year.
Far irom meeting with the setback j
that narjy traders anticipated, the iron
end steel Industry has gone steadily j
lorward. Packers' hides are steady, but '
weakness has dev«r.o:ted in country]
fcides and buyers c* native steers wait i
lor concessions*. Foreign dry hides are |
■firmly held.
Faiiur^ for the week numbered 276 ]
In the United States, against 32S last j
year, and 25 in Canada, compared with j
20 a year ago. »
Eradstreet's to-rnorrow will say: Crop !
end Industrial conditions are mainly !
Javorable, and with seasonable activ- ]
ity in retail and holiday distribution in '■
r.ost sections, the year is drawing to j
Its close -with a decidedly cheerful tone ,
Xjtrvading most lines of business. The j
area in winter wheat will not equal that j
Xsiantc-d a year ago. and conditions on ;
3>-ceaiber 1 were low. but Eince the •
Government report was issued the ;
"Western drought has been fairly well j
broken by rain and snow.
Cold weather has. stimulated heavy j
dry good*, clothing and footwear. and
helped reorder business with jobbers!
Kast, West and Xorth. Exceptions to ;
I* ports of widespread activity in holi- j
day distribution come from the Pacific!
Coast and from portions of the South.
Industry as a whole is active, iron •
snd steel notably so. but the building :
tiades feel the seasonable quieting in- j
flue nee.
Railway earnings for November show j
gains in gross exceeding S per cent, foi- !
lowing an increase of 4 per cent in 1303 I
and jrndering certain the prospect that j
th^ early small decrease shown in gross
leteipts for the calendar year will be
turned into an increase.
Lumber is seasonably quiet, as are j
ether building materials, but manu
facturers report a good business in
j rospect, the only drawback being car
shortage troubles.
Wheat (including flour) exports for
the v.eek ending December 15 aggre- j
rate M44.ES0 bushels, against 1.769.363 1
last week and 2,363,055 last year. From {
July l to date the exports aggregate'
r2.€&C,479 bushels, against 80,899,944 last!
year.
FREEMASONS INSTALL
THEIR NEW OFFICIALS
The Ceremony Performed In Public
for Presidio Ixxlse^ — Master
and Wife Remembered.
The new oncers of Pre?idio Lodge
No. 35* of the Free and Accepted Masons
veie installed in public Thursday night
in Franklin Hall in the presence of a
large number of people. The cere
mony of inducting the officers into of
fice was by Varney G. Gaskill, the re
tiring master, assisted by Past Master
J. W. Anderson as master of cere
tnenfes. Those to preside over the
l<:cjre during the current Masonic year
Frank Gwsrye Watsja, worshipful master:
RfcbfTt Arthur (Trier, senior warden; Louis Ed
r • Voivin. Junior warden: Andrew Jackson
Vlnlr-g. treararer; I>njaaiSn lxirSag Heeael
tinfc. secretary; Emil Juliuc Kanngiessw, mar
shal: i-'r.-.:.k M;.--.ri Jackson, chaplain; Herman
L*>'~k*, senior deacon; Charles Burton Mitchell,
Junior <Jeacon; August Reinbold Der.ke. Etew
erd; vV;llJam Albert fch^rman. steward; A. A.
Buikin. crraa-fct; Charles Douglas Fiaher.
U'ltr.
After the installation there was, *
programme of entertainment by the
Presidio Lodge quartet. Mrs. Frank X.
Wright, L. A. Larsen, John A. Hosmer,
D. W. Lawrence; then Frank P.
Kelly, on behalf of the lodge, pre
fs«-nted to ih<? retiring master and Mrs.
Gis^kiil n beautiful silver coffee urn,
fciid then to llr. Gaskill a diamond
f t jewel in recognition of past ser
vk<-«.
At the close of the programme there
r.as dancing for an hour or more ana
the serving of a delicate collation and
light refreshment*.
FAYS LEVY WAS ILLEGAL.— Jarae« C.
!->r£xs. rho pa.!d (3077 51 taxes on realty th!«
jvcr. «-art* ifc* city to return $232 27 to him
t-Tv.n his cfrr.tmtion t»:at a portion of the levy
»■«. iite-ral. He attacks the validity of the
erflintnc* apportioning a part of the tax to
ths rur.iry bond redemption and Interest fun-it,
en tb» ground that the levy wu In excess of
th» arr.cur.t cxrrrattted. and thert was at that
t!jt:» v.0 valid Indebtedness ai> deflrr.ated In
the cnllnane*.
emolsiox.
SCOTT'S EMULSION
We don't put Scott's Emul-
sion in the class of advertised •
cure-ails; it doesn't belong
there. We hardly like to use
"the word i*cure v at all, but we
are bound to say tfcat it can be
used for a great many troubles
with great satisfaction. Its
special function is to . repair
the waste of the body when
the ordinary food .does not
nourish, apd this means that
it is useful in many cases
which are indicated by wast-
ing.
PWeT. f cad yon a sample free.
JCfl a £ iiuW:>t. 4s« Peari SUcst. I«e» York.
SuU Prize Story-— -The Madonna of the Tuies— Wpiis weet
REPAYS BENEFACTOR'S AID
BY PLUNDERING HIS TRUNK
Ingrate Displays Stoicism
Calmly Gazes at Witnesses Who
Disclose His Character.
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
With remarkable stoicism A. Martiny,
classified as "Al bum" and accused of
petty larceny, heard his character va
riously assailed before Police Judge Ca
baniss. "Thief" and "ingraie". were
among the mildest terms applied to
him, ret he evinced no more personal
interest than if they were allusions to
the Czar of Russia 'or the Mikado of
Japan.
The complaining witness. Max Schulz,
bartender of a Commercial street "wine
joint." lold'how he had showered
gratuities of cast-off clothing and food J
and ardent spirits on the defendant,
who seemed never to be going any
where else or coming from anywhere
else, but just spent his days and nights
loitering in the establishment over
which Mr. Schulz presided. And the
miserable fellow embraced the earliest
opportunity to rifle his benefactor's
trunk, abstracting therefrom and dis
posing cheaply of one coat and one
vest, both garments being 'of prevailing j
style and costly quality. But his mate
rial Ios3 grieved Mr. Schulz less than
the ingratitude manifested . in the pil
fering. Money could replenish his ward
robe, but ages could not heal his shat
tered confidence in mankind;
Then the arresting policeman averred
that the defendant's particular method
of not earning his livelihood, was beg
ging, and nobody believed he was pos
sessed of the immoral courage essential
to thievery until his guilt .of the trunk
breaking was established beyond shad
ow of doubt. While the proof enhanced
him In the esteem of his fellow vaga
bonds, it also lessened his popularity
by reflecting. on their acumen as read
ers of human character. Mr. Martiny
smiled at the paradox— the only relax
ation of feature he exhibited during the
trial. •
He had not much to say for himself.
"If them mugs had made up their
minds to cook him, he guessed he was
as good as cooked, all right; so what
was the use of wasting his breath?
They had the goods on him, and wasn't
that enough?"
Thirty days. : r ~: "
Judge Conlan promised to probe At
torney Bradford's allegation that his
client, Elkin Cohen, had been spirited
to and detained at the home of Max
Gutter, whom he had accused of swind
ling him by means of the gold brick
game. •
When the case was called for hearing
last Tuesday the complaining, witness
failed to appear, and his attorney dis
claimed knowledge of his whereabouts.
The defense ,asked for an order of dis
missal on the ground of the accuser's
non-appearance, but the Judge refused
it and ordered a continuance till Thurs
day. The same thing happened Thurs
day, the continuance being given till
yesterday and the Judge issuing a
bench warrant for Mr. Cohen's produc
tion in court. So yesterday Mr. Cohen
materialized in custody of two detec
tives, who reported they had found him
at Gutter's residence. 1556 Railroad
avenue, Alameda, where he had been
placed by the defendant three days
previously.
In response to the court's inquiry as
to why he had absented himself from
court Mr. Cohen said he was feeling
rather sick when he met Gutter, who
prevailed upon him to recuperate at his
(Gutter's) . home, but giving no hint
that his presence was demanded at the
trial.
After remarking that the circum
stance seemed rather suspicious, the
Judge placed Mr. Cohen under a 5250
bond io appear next Tuesday, when
the examination of Gutter will be re
sumed. .'.- - . _ .
Emanurl Augusta was of proportion
ate l>odily girth when a patrolman first
saw him at California street and Cen
tral avenue, but a minute, later he
presented an embonpoint that startled
the officer until he investigated and
found that the transformation- had
been effected by Emanuel thrusting
under his coat about a dozen, -wild
ducks, which he was peddling without
n licenre. Judge Mogan will sentence
him to-day.
Judge Fritz added $8200 to the munic
ipal treasury by forfeiting the bail of
eighty-two Chinese who were charged
with : gambling at Washington
street. Superior Judge Kerrigan ■. had
issued an order restraining Judge Frits
from proceeding with the examination,
and on tho strength of it the defend
nnts did not appear when the magis
trate. Ignoring th» Injunction, : called
the cases. The ball money was deposit
ed by Chin Kin You, -proprietor of the
gaming house In which the defendants
were arrested, and. his attorney's next
movt is awaited with, interest.
. By mastering the art of sleep-walk
ing, August Oriswold alleged, he might
have averted the necessity" of leaving
his native New Jersey. town. and com
ing West in qtiest. of employment. As
a policeman on night; watch,.: he ex-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY^ DECEMBER 17. 190J;
plained, it was his duty to keep his
eyes open and his feet in motion; but
so quiet was his beat and sojonely his
vigil that drowsiness o'ercame him de
spit** his- preventive endeavors, and
when he inadvertently leaned against
a tree he dropped into slumber, from
v.-hich he '.vas awakened by ; a vigilant
sergeant, who had deprived him of star
and club. His dismissal from the force
speedily followed. '- ■ ' ..
Judge Conlan hoped that Mr. Oris
wold did not come to San Francisco
with intention of joining. the constabu
lary. "Bocaus*?,"- his- Honor added,
"somnambulism is just as valuable a
police asset here as in New Jersey."
Mr. Griswold said he had no such
intention, but was seeking any. kind of
an old job when he was arrested and
charged w^th vagrancy. The- charge
v:pjs dismissed.
For stealing a blanket from a stable
owned by his former -employer, P. C.
Baker of 273 Tehama street, "Pete"'
Massie was arrested anO booked for
petty larceny, and then the police dis
covered that he had obtained $60 from
a man by falsely representing that the
cash was to be exj>ended in the pur
chase of a horse. The effort to^-on
vict him of obtaining money by false
pretense was futile, but" the petty lar
ceny charge stuck and Judge Cabaniss
gave him five months.
Harry Puryea, who arrived here two
weeks ago from Richmond, Va., spat
upon a Market-street sidewalk and was
promptly arrested for it.
"I can assuah the hon'ble co't," said
Mr. Puryea to Judge Conlan, "that no
offense was intended— no, isuh, no of
fvnse was intended. In my town of
Richmond, suh, a gentleman is peh
mitted to spit when and wheahuhe im
pulse seizes him, suh."
The "gentleman" was dismissed,
and Robert W. Kellen, also accused of
having deposited a salivary offering
upon the same footpath, faced the
bcnchl In the town of Ukiah, Cal.,
■where he has lived for years, Mr.
Kellen pleaded, there is no lav.* pro
hibitive of free and copious expectora
tion on the public thoroughfares, and
he had never heard any one complain
that the lack of such an ordinance
created a long felt want. Besides, the
Ukiah sidewalks were of m&cadam.
He. too, was told to go and offend no
more.
"Sacre! , Not guil-tay!" exclaimed
Paul Roeback, with hair pompadour
and mustache spiked, when Juxige Mo
gan asked him if he was guilty of
vagrancy. . \
"I'll acknowledge that you do not
look the alleged character," said his
Honor, surveying the defendant's stal
wart and neatly clad figure.
"Ze charactaire?" was the response,
aided by a mighty shoulder heave.
"Xo, sare; I am ze gentleman."
"Mon Dieu!" shouted a stout com
patriot, who was awaiting opportunity
to testify for the defense. "He's not
ze vag-rant." , Ze minair he ees. He
com* from ze mines an' he veesit me.
Mon Dieu. To ar-rest heem was ze
gr-r-reat mis-tak."'
"My dear friend," Paul exclaimed,
gazing rapturously at the unsummoned
witness.
Mr. Roeback was arrested on the
first block of Geary street, near a sa
loon managed by . the. gentleman who
vouched for his character. The police
man was positive that he" had seen
the defendant many times during the
last month or two loitering In that
neighborhood, as he could bring re
liable witnesses to prove. So. the case
was continued till next Monday. -
"My poor friend!" said the; stout
witness. :" j, - : -•- -:
"My dear friend!" said . M. Roeback.
Then they shook. hands. y
.'■"■;.■-. '(-■ ■ * . • . • - - : .V, v .
Attorney D. ; J. Murphy's cross-ex
amlnation of Joseph . Beatty, who wit
nessed the killing of Joseph McGowan'
by Joseph Smith on November 26,] was
the feature of "Judge Mogan's ! session.
Beatty was forced to confess that he
prevaricated to the. detectives who in
terviewed him by Informing them that
he did not possess the key, of the yard
In which the shooting occurred, and
when asked why he llefl he said he
did not think he was "obliged to tell all
he knew. The hearing will be resumed
next Monday, morning.
NEW OBSERVATION CARS.
Overland Limited Train.
Commencing with - depart8r« of /January fl
the Overland LtmlUd, via • Ogden, will be
equipped with new composite-observation 'carsV
which wlH ; take the place of . the present, com
partment and composite cars.-
The new cars will consist of two sections,
cne i being- a smoking-room for gentlemen with
sixteen chairs, buffet, three card tables, writ
ing desk, periodicals, etc. ; the second, : a parlor
for the ladies, with equal number of cosy seats,
secretary, bookcase. , large library table and ob
servation rotunda. •
These car* will have broad plate glass win
dows, will , o« carried : at end • of train ' and
thus afford exceptional opportunity for viewing:
scenery en route. They are the latest produc
tions-of th« Pullman Company's shops, pre
senting novel and pleasing - featured, to 'be - ap
preciated only by personal inspection.. ■ •
F I V E THOUSAND
FOR MRS. HALL
Damages Awarded Mother
and Seven Children for
Loss of Husband and Father
McCUE IS COMPENSATED
Fifteen Hundred Dollars Is
Given to Him for Severe
Injuries in a Collision
United States District Judge de Ha
ven handed down decisions In the cases
of Catherine Hall and her minor chil
dren against the Xorth Pacific, Coast
Railroad Company for damages
and in a suit against the same
party by James S. McCue [ for
damages caused by a collision between
the steamers San Rafael and Sausalito
on November 30, 1901. McCue Is award
ed $1500 and costs in his action against
the Sausalito.' Mrs. Hall and her seven
children receive $5000 for the loss of
Alexander Hall, her husband, in the
same accident. In the suit against the
sunken vessel San Rafael Mrs. Hall
receives $354.
The defendant denied that Hall was
a passenger "on the steamer San Ra
fael, as his body was never found and
no one who knew him saw him on
beard. , He was a resident of Sacra
jnento, and reached San Francisco in
time for him to have taken passage on
the San Rafael on her fatal trip. He
has never since been heard of. He had
left San Francisco with the avowed
purpose of going to San Rafael to visit
h!s brother-In-iaw, and as the missing
man was a kind and loving father and
of steady habits the court holds that
these facts are sufficient to justify the
conclusion that he was a passenger on
the San Rafael and was drowned. On
this point Judge de Haven says:
"There is nothing in the evidence to
suggest any other cause for his con
tinued absence from his home and fam
ily."
The court takes the view also that
there was negligence on the par-t of
the employes of the defendant on both
steamers, and pays:
"My conclusion is that the collision
was caused by the mutual fault of the
steamers in attempting to cross courses
in a dense fog. when neither could see
the other in time to avoid a collision."
In the McCue case the court says
"The llt>elant was about 72 years of
age at the date of the collision, and the
injuries received by him were pain
ful, one arm having been broken and
a portion of one ear cut off. The in
juries received are not such as seri
ously to interfere with the libelantin
carrying on his business. The evi
dence also shows that the Hbelant lost
property on his person of the value of
$400 or thereabouts." - • ,•
MAKE SEARCH FOR LEADERS
OF GANG OF SHOPLIFTERS
Have Been Operating for Months
Past in Department Stores, in
This and Other Cities.
Every effort is being made by De
tectives Ryan and Wolters to capture
a woman and two men ; _wTho f ' ! ,they.say.
were the leaders of the gang "of "shop
lifters that made headquarters at th-i
residence"- of-^Mr/: and Mrs." J.": Wag
staff, 513 Larkin street. The trio had
been operating in this city and in
Oakland, Sacramento and San Jose
for a year. Mrs. Lizzie Pierce, wife
of "Sheeny Kid,'.' the bunko steerer,
was an able assistant to the trio. She
trained Mrs. Bertha Campbell, alias
Allen, to steal and It is said used Mrs.
Wagstaff as a "stall."
The police say there is'nothing so
far to incriminate Wagstaff and L. C.
Robertson, under arrest with the
three women, but they will be held
pending developments. About 51000
worth of goods have been recovered
already. A quantity was recovered
from 401 Post street, where Mrs.
Pierce engaged a room after leaving
the Wagstaff residence a few days
prior to her arrest. Salesmen .iiel
others from department stores in tbi3
city and Oakland police head
quarters yesterday and identified sto
len articles. Mrs. Campbell's hus
band is a hardworking, honest man.
and he is surprised at the conduct of
his wife.
WIFE BRUTALLY BEATEN
. AND KICKED BY SPOUSE
Mrs. Hannah Creem Lies in Critical
Condition at MeNutt Hospital and
May Not Survive.
Mrs. Hannah Creem is 'at the Mc-
Nutt Hospital in a critical condition
and her husband, John Creem, is Jn
the City Prison waiting the result of
her^ injuries. Creem has a grocery
and saloon at 349 Harriet street, and
the family lives in a flat over the
store. . . ■ ;'K&-2~ ffi
It Is alleged that on Sunday morn
ing while Mrs. Creem was in bed
CreenJ went from the store to h?r
bedroom. He had been drinking and
was In an ugly temper. He began to
abuse his wife and ended by attacking
her with his closed fists. He beat and
kicked her so brutally that one of her
ribs was broken and she was' badly
bruised about the head, ' face and
body. ' Creem,' becoming alarmed at
her - condition, had her sent to tha
MeNutt Hospital and on Thursday the
police were notified by Drs. MeNutt
and Buckley that she was in a critical
condition and might die. It was
thought that she had been internally
Injured. Creem was . arrested by . Po
liceman W. H. Clay on Thursday af
ternoon and will be held pending the
result of his wife's injuries.
"She"' and the Kodak.
Give HER a Kodak. -You couldn't select
a better Christmas present. . Brownies,
$1 to $5;' Kodaks, $5 to $97.
KIRK, GEARY & CO., 112 Geary St. •
TO ADVERTISEES.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE I CALL
H OL ID A Y EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18. NO
D IS P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy - will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. ; . M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M. 7
GET YOUR COPY IN
■ Nearly.:-
TAKES A TRIP
TO CHINATOWN
In "Wee Sma ? Hours" Com
missioner Huttoii Again
Views. Corruption District
GBAFTERS ABE WARNED
Patrolman Higgins Asserts
No One Can Show He Took
Coin From Fallen Women
Commissioner Hutton is still engaged
in gathering evidence for his heralded
expose of the enormous police graft in
the tenderloin. During tho whole of
Thursday night he slept not, but wan
dered tirelessly to arid fro in the high
ways and byways of Chinatown and
the Barbary Coast. What crimes and
what corruption were discovered by
the lynx-eyed official are locked safely
within his brain, for not one firecracker
may snap before the grand explosion
that shall come when Hutton lays bare
the rottenness of the red light district
police detail. 5 7 ;
After Tuesday, night's discoveries of
corruption in Bacon plave the Commis
sioner took a two days' rest. Thursday
night . he was abroad again. Pacific
street heard of his approach while he
was yet four blocks away. The music
in the saloons stopped promptly at 1
o'clock, the dance hall favorites went
early to bed and visiting males, from
the rural districts were allowed to re
move their change from the bars. Chi
natown was as quiet as Oakland. Hut
ton saw Fish alley, Bartlett alley, Sul
livan alley. Hinckley alley and Broad
way completely buried in peaceful re
pose. Tn the language of the patrol
men on duty in that part of town,
"there v was nothing doing." At 7:50
o'clock yesterday morning the Police
Commissioner had concluded his inves
tigations and stood sleepily waiting for
a car at the corner of Kearny and Pa
cific streets. Yesterday afternoon he
attended the meeting of the Police
Commission to investigate the gam
bling graft In Chinatown.
MAUSTAINS SIIiEXCE.
Commissioner Howell secured
a copy of The Call, and. indicating this
paper's exclusive account of the his
toric affair, in Bacon place, said: "You
are getting to be a ragular Sherlock
Holmes, Mr. Hutton." The "special
Chief of Police for 1129 Dupont street"
remained mute as the storied sphynx
that guards an Egyptian necropolis.
His associates on the board are ■ not
honored with his confidences when the
private detective work is Involved.
Diinkhouse offered a resolution
recting Chief Wittman to arrest the
consorts - of fallen women. Howell ob
jected on the ground that it had not
been shown that the Chief had been
negligent .in this respect. It was ex
plained that the resolution was in no
way a reflection on the work of Witt
man, and it was adopted in the follow
ing terms:
"That the Chief of Police be directed
to use all efforts in the arrest and con
viction of all men (also known as
macquiereaux) who live and get rich
off the earnings of women whose oc
cupation is prostitution."
The Police Department is highly in
terested in the investigations being
conducted by Hutton. Its members
are anxious that he produce what evi
dence he has. He has become a famil
iar figure in the tenderloin, and unless
he disguises himself with green whis
kers and a- drees or something similar
he will hardly have. the opportunity to
learn much of the graft that has ex
isted until the last three days.
HIGGIXS KEEPS QUIET.
Police Officer Higgins, who is under
suspicion of having taken money from
the dissolute inmates of Bacon place,
maintains a discreet silence when Hut
ton's name Is mentioned. He continues
to deny that he ever received a dollar
from any of the' women and defies the
Police Commissioner to prove that he
did. Hutton failed to get the money
from the suspected patrolman's
pocket, thus materially weakening
what is alleged to be a clear case of
bribery. WIttman worked practically
the .same erame on Ernest Alexander,
but compelled his man to 'surrender the
marked coin.
When Hutton asked Higgins to
empty his pockets the patrolman re
plied:
. "What money I have in my pockets
1r my own and I will \ not give it up
to you. You can't get anything out
of me."l : - c -V —
It appears that Dean, who, so ably
assisted the Police Commissioner in
gathering evidence of corruption* in
the red light district, deliberately vio
lated the orders of the Chief of Police.
Section 3 of rule 33 of Police Depart
ment regulations says: "Each and
•rvery member of the department shall
report in writing each and every fact
and circumstance and all information
of^which they may become possessed
In any manner whatever which might
reflect discredit on the Police Depart
ment or any member thereof." .
There was a highly interesting oc
currence In the Pine-street alley, yet
Dean never reported the affair to his
superior officers, as was his duty, but
took Hutton's advice to "keep mum."
DEVELOPMENTS PROMISED.
After yesterday's meeting of the Po
lice Commission Hutton said: "We are
not ready to move yet, but will take
the question up later, just when I
cannot state." . .
This was in response to a request for
Information regarding the results , of
his investigations. •■■
There is no doubt that the police on
duty In Chinatown and the tenderloin
have been getting plenty of "easy
money." They have been doing it
'•since the water came up to Montgom
ery Atrect.", But the trouble is to
prove it. Wittman has caught and pun
ished several men for that'sort of work.
Huttont is : aware of the grafting,- as is
every one else. He has worked diligent
ly and has secured evidence that fallen
women; pay a stipulated amount to pa
trolmen for "protection." He has a
partial case against ; Officer Higgins.
Now. the police and the public are wait
ing for him to substantiate his claims
of corruption.
.'Crooked policemen are so well school
ed in crookedness* that'ft is almost im
possible to catch them red handed. If
Hutton' can prove the corruption that
undoubtedly exists he* will score a hit
•with ; the public. Those who pay
tribute i for ''protection" seldom testify
against the men they bribe. The bribers
get adequate returns for all money
paid :, to policemen in being allowed to
disobey \ the laws, and . therefore I have
no motives for telling what 'they know
in the- course of formal investigations.
It is expected 'that; in the grand de
nouement prepared by Hutton the fact
will appear that since Wittman has
been Chief footpads, "strong-arm" men
and bunko artists have been much less
active on the ; Barbary, Coast than ever
before in the history of the city, even
THE
CHRISTMAS
CALL
OUT TO-MORROW
Will contain the following interesting stone3
and features:
TWENTY-FOUR PACES OF APPROPRIATE
STORIES AMD PICTURES
"Last Christmas of the Confederacy."
Mrs. Burton Harrison.
"The Madonna of the Tules."
By Martha Tustin Patton (Fifty Dollar Prize
Story). I *V;
"Henny'—Jl Christmas Story.
By Anielie Rives.
"When History Repeated."
By Ina Wright Hanson. :
VTheHold>Up at Mirabel."
By Madge Morris.
"The Oil on Blodgett's Farm."
By Kathryn Jarboe.
Poster Picture— "The Old Time
Christmas Thinner."
By John V F. Woolrich.
"Three Inches of Snow."
By John Strange Winter.
**Ji x Christmas Tree. ' '
By. Fergus Hume.
"Masque of Joy."
By Charles Tenny Jackson.
"Doc Wilson's Christmas Pudding."
By A. D. McMillan.
Book Page. , -■ .
, By Robert W. Ritchie. w ' -=*-y
Theaters for the Holidays.
With portraits of actresses playing here during
the holidays. .
Music Page.
Full Page Head — Typical California
Girl.
By R. W. Borough.
"Doubly Harness"— (5th installment).
By Anthony Hope.
"Jottings of Old Lim Jucklin."
By Opie Read. *•••/■ - v>^
"On and Off the Bread Wagon."
By Charles Dryden. /
"Fables for the Foolish."
By Nicholas Nemo.
"The Knack of Dressing Cheaply."
By Madge Moore. . i>.
"First Jiid to Gas Victims."
Comic Supplement.
Puzzle Page. -
Full Page Picture— "The Mistletoe
. Announcement of the Colored Art Supplement else-
where.
A rare literary and artistic treat.
FRIGE, 5c per copj — Mail It to frnr Eastern Friends.
rOBEXOK POSTAGE lOc DOMESTIC POSTAGE 5c
For Sale by All Agents and Newsdealers.
if there Is a considerable amount of cor
ruption amorg the patrolmen who
guard the peace of the tenderloin.
GRAND JURY'S QUARTERS
TO BE OPEN EVERY DAY
Complaints Can Be Filed at Any
Time at the Rooms in the
311119 Buildinjr.
The new Grand Jury will transact
most of its business in the rooms It
has rented on the fourth floor of the
Mills building. These quarters were
engaged because almost all the mem
bers are in business in that vicinity
and the work of the inquisitorial body
will be facilitated by the proximity of
the meeting-room. Mrs. M. V. Col
lins, who has been appointed . official
stenographer, will be In charge of the
rooms from morning till evening and
persons desiring to present matters
to the Grand Jury can make their
statements to her. Furthermore, Sec
retary Bryan will be at the offices dally
from 1:30 to 3 o'clock and Foreman
Andrews from 3 to 5 o'clock every
day. They will not allow the attalrs
of the jury to interfere with their pri
vate affairs during the rest of the day.
The Jurors are already confronted
with a mountain of matters of which
investigation is sought. Nothing will
be done In the police scandal until
. A PyKRTISE3IEXTS.
'•»
FURNITURE GIFTS
Mission Lamps .$25.00 to $ 40.00
Ltdies' Desks ....: $ 8.00 to $150.00
Footstools $ 1.25 to $ 20 00
Shaving Stands. $12.50 to $ 5000
Hall Clocks $20.00 to 5800.00
Tabourettes .$ 1 25 to $ 15.00
Cellarettes .......... -....$18.00 to $ 75.00 :
and many other very attractive pieces all very reasonably priced.
W & j: SLOANE -& C(X
•FURNITURE - CARPETS - RUGS - DRAPERIES-
114r-122 POST STREET
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
RAMONA
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
Or the
RAMONA DOMINOES.
Free With Every Small Ad In
Sunday Call.
'See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars. ~ •
Tuesday at th« earliest, for ths chair
man of the police committee win b*
out of town till that date.
,. — - — ■ ♦ »
A dreem of pleasure. th« ©«•» tw» tor
quarter size Americas. S3 .» box S. *
■ • i
BREAKS IXTO RXOJtX>XI> OXS3 Ed
ward D. Golem&a waa axratvd ywurt&y
morelns by D«*ctr*« P«ter l*wta •< Us*
Southern" Pacific Csmftsy aa4 loelwd V9 ta
the City Prison. H» h*a b«*a la tb».h»V-t
of breaking Into railroad car* ta XSx» ra**»
at Seventh »tre«t aad «teaUa« btaaa^ tooU
and hardware, which h* wia to Jwut mutn,
Ke admitted breaktr.c lato a «twea ear*.HEATHER HILLS
ARE TOASTED
Members of the Caledonian
} Club Enjoy Evening of
, Scottish Song and Story
ANNUAL INSTALLATION
The Retiring Chief and First
Chieftain- Are Recipients
of Suitable Testimonials
The installation of officers of the
Caledonian Club. for the year was held
in Scottish Hall last night. The hall
■was tastefully decorated for the occa
sion and the attendance of members
was unusually large. The retiring
•chief, A. M. Macpherson. acted as in
stalling officer and ex-Chief John Reid
tu? master of ceremonies. The officers
ti.stalled were: Chief, D. D. McUae;
Brat chieftain. D. J. McFarland; sec
ond chieftain, F. F. Finlay; third
chieftain, James H. Duncan; fourth
chieftain. J. W. Cameron; physician.
Dr. J. A- J. McDonald.
After the installation of the officers
the meeting resolved itself Into a stag
pcrty, with the retiring chief as toast
master. A number of toasts were pro
posed and responded to by the xi«w
chief, D. D. McRae. James H. Duncan,
D. J. McFarland. F. F. Finlay, J. W.
dmeron. Charles Morrison, Judge Ca
fcar.iss and others. Songs were ren
dered by John McLaren, Robert
Johnston. Captain W. C. McKinnon.
Y. C. Lawson, James R. Watson, D.
Finlay and others. Bagpipe music
was supplied by Pipers Neil Lindsay,
I. S. R. Tevendale, Ed Ross, Adam
Ross, John Bain and James Bennett.
The' refreshment table was in charge
of William Mitchell and a corps of
able assistants.
The retiring chief was presented
with a handsome gold watch, chain
and locket, suitably inscribed; the re
tiring first chieftain, S. McGregor, with
a diamond pin. and Y. C. Lawson, who
is leaving for New York, with an en
grossed set of resolutions speaking of
his g-ood fellowship and commending
h!m to Scotchmen of New York and
other cities as a worthy and estimable
member of the club. The presenta
tions were made respectively by Janres
B. Johnston, Archibald Lauriston and
J. M. Duncan. The affair was con
ceded to have been one of the most
erjoyable and successful in the history
of the club.
Rlchts of Zenxstvos to Be Increased.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 16.— It is
reported to-night that the imperial
manifesto which will be issued on De
cember 19 among other things will in
crease thf rights of the Zemstvos and
suspend the state of siege in cities.
A DVERTISEMEXTS.
CALIFORNIA WOMAN'S
HOSPITAL
1 The Annual Donation Days
FOR THE
FREE WARD.
Will Be Held on
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY
and FRIDAY, December
21, 22 and 23,
At. the Following Places:
Messrs. GOLDBERG,
I BOWEN & CO.'S. 232 Sutter st.
THE D. SAMUELS LACE
HOUSE, 233 Sutter.st.
and at the
HOSPITAL, ,3118 Sacramento
Street.
An urgent appeal is made for j
help, as the need is unusually !
great. Gifts of money, gro- j
ceries, bed linen, etc.. etc., will !
be gratefully received. ;
A Santa Claus Shirt
should b«» one that looks like snow on
the frosty Caucasus, or on the Icing of a
Klondike sandwich, at Christmas. The
Xmas shirt that we will send home to
you from our laundry will grace the
Yuletlde feast or reception with a color.
finish and get up that only a new shirt,
collar or cuff can equal in its pristine
brauty.
MITED STATES LAUNDRY
1OO4 SUEZET STSEZT.
Telephone South 420.
E:^\Every Woman
■ -"^Sf . V" v > A ** btttraied a:j>l ihonkl know
.. about the wonrterfnl
J*§5S&fl'B MARVEL Whirling Spray
vt<?Vv'C'"5>>8S*&i^ *»"«W Surtton. l!»tt-.<*f-
Vyjiiir^ 'ii'f^S " ' '"in Im—mmtif.
KttMrtnRUhrk. \) ' OL
it r.r f«nnot «npp!y the V /&£> „ '■,; ~if--Zr
MABVKL. «^|>t BO Xi^f '^/^T^^
•atier. but wnd »t*mpfor V, /•^vf
fi.il particular* aod dtrrrtion* In- A / 5i
rrilLiibl* • t<> Lid.ct MAllVIXtO-.TJ B
41 Park Row , («w 1 »rk.
IX New Montgomery. E*n Fr*nd»co. Cat.
William Hatteroth iLadl*-*' O«pt.). 224 Hatter
Union Drag Co.. 4Ov Sutter and 1OO Stockton* !
o«fiwJ Brotncrs...~tb and Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy llj Ellit
Sjggj^kzM MEN iND WOMEN.
<\&%&lrrR£*y(Sf Ct* Bit Oforeaoatcrai
JSjhiftm lot 4*tv%S di»ehtfi*t.lBCaiumi.tioBi.
£i£S9 MraM M irritktiont or nl»r»tiona
kJB*£ Miutirimn. of HOC9D1 <n»BxhraD««.
y *t Pi'»— u <t*t«<r*»«. r«ic>«», tod not sitrin-
WZ»\rni EUIS CKtWi»lU». *»nt or peiionoof.
VM&. u.b>4. j&F •' ** Dt ln pUia wrayiwr.
-TT>itS»i ,4^t\ hi expr«i». prepaid, foe
' XQgQggPFV ■ CircElai- Met os n^aMt
SOLDIER OF TWO
WARS PASSES TO
HIS FINAL REST
Colonel J. B. Moore, who died day be
fore yesterday at the Veterans* Home,
Napa County, was a man 'who attained
considerable prominence on this coasJt
during the '50's.
Colonel Moore was born in New Hamp
shire eighty-one years ago and went to
the Mexican war from Boston as ser
geant of Company K, First Massachu
setts Volunteer Infantry. He came to
California after :>eace with Mexico was
brought about and took an interest in
the affairs of. this city and State. He
served his country in the Civil War.
first as captain of Company B, Third
California Infantry, and subsequently
as lieutenant colonel of that regiment.
In early times he was connected with
the Police Department of San Fran
cisco, serving under the renowned
Chief of Police. Patrick Crowley. Later
on Colonel Moore wes elected to the
State Senate of Nevada. L and was an
unsuccessful candidate on the Republi
can ticket for Lieutenant Governor of
that Stat'e. He was a companion of the
Loyal Legion and a comrade of Center
Post. Nevada, Grand Army of the Re
public. '
Owing to , failing health, he was ad
mitted to membership in the Veterans'
Home of California on December 26,
1S98, and resided there from that time
until the hour of his death. His activi
ties on the stage of life ceased ten years
ago. Among the old-timers who knew
Colonel Moore intimately when he was
prominent In public affairs are former
Chief of Police Crowley. Captain Thom
as H: Barber, Sidney J. Loop, William
Alvord and W. L. Duncan. He was a
man of high character and honorable
attainments.
San Mateo Pioneer, Dead.
SAN MATEO, Dec. 16. — Robert I.
Knapp, a wealthy citizen of Halfmoon
Bay, died suddenly at his home to-day.
He was a native of New York, 71 years
old and had resided in this county
since 1871. Deceased was a large
manufacturer of plows and owner of
the Coast Advocate, the Halfmoon Bay
water works and much land. A wife,
two sons and three daughters survive
him.
O.vsian Ashley Passes Away.
NEW YORK. Dec. 16. — Ossian Doo
little Ashley, widely known in finan
cial and railroad circles for nearly half
a' century, died at his home here to
day, aged 63 years. Ashley was a pro
lific writer on financial and railroad
topics and contributed to many news
papers and magazines.
Studied in Lincoln's Office.
DENVER. Dec. 16. — Augustus Ma
con, an attorney, 73 years of age, died
to-day of acute stomach trouble. He
was a native of Kentucky and studied
law in Abraham Lincoln's office. Prior
to comingr to Colorado in 1865 Macon
was engaged in the practice of his pro
fession at Omaha.
Former Arizona Official Dies.
NOGALES, Ariz., Dec. 16. — George
Christ, formerly Collector of this port
in ' the United States customs service
and later Surveyor General of Ari
zona, died here this morning. ■>'
Served Two Terms in Congress.
MOUNT CLEMENS, Mich., Dec. 16.
Edgar Weeks, who represented the
Seventh Michigan District in the Fifty
sixth and Fifty-seventh Congresses,
died to-day, aged 65 years.
Death Calls Piano Manufacturer.
CHICAGO. Dec. 16.— W. W. Kim
ball, the well knownV piano manufac
turer, died here to-day of heart dis
ease, -j: ;. ■»"?"- : k"
Former Congressman Dead.
CHICAGO. Dec. 16. — Former Con
-gressman D. W. Mills died to-day at
his home here.
To Beautify the Mission.
The Mission Park Association met
last night at Mission Native Sons* Hall
and discussed plans for beautifying
the neighborhood, with particular
reference to Dolores street and the
proposed site of Mission. Park. It was
decided to send a circular petition to
Dolores-street property-owners asking
them to pave that thoroughfare in or
der to facilitate the laying of a park
way. The offers of the Hebrew asso
ciations, that own the present site of
Mission Park, were discussed. The of
ficers of the Mission Park Association
are: Eustace Culllnan, president; Rev.
F. M. Larkin. vice president; Frank
Burnett, treasurer, and Miss Mary
Burke, secretary.
Gives Interesting Lecture.
Rev. Eli McClish, D. D., president
of the University of the Pacific, gave
an interesting lecture at the First
United Presbyterian Church last night
on "The Seer and His Visions." In
his disocurse, which at times was hu
morous, the Bpeaker pointed out vivid
ly the possibilities of finding beauty in
the prosaic. He pointed out as ex
amples Millet's "Angelus" and other
works of art. In a happy vein the
speaker uplifted his audience from
the ridiculous to the sublime, keep
ing their attention throughout. .This
lecture is 'the first of a series to be
given at the church.
TO BUT ItEALTT.— Sophie Jensen, guar
dUn of Ethel Rois, a minor, wu yesterday
riven permission by the court to invest $24,
500 of the drl's fund* In real estate. The
parcels to be purchased are near the corner
of Oak and Devisadero streets. The guardian
reported that her ward has (27,057 49 on de
posit in bank.
,...•:.;;.;:...._.-___ apvertise.mexts. ....'..;
[OHiTHAT BACEtACHE.]
w "" r^^fi T^F'y cflfcctive remedy Q
a dBb*S^ or *" raost common I
\'^^ 1A / a if "^ ty?** !/******?' ? M»H»ons J
■% I & \ ave been curcd °^ back h
i\ im\ I W' •!• trouble durinj the past half g
■ S(l\ I M^Jm'-'^my by ibis wonderful, H
I A / bealing, strengthening and 1
1 /^h2* g^fe^ *K««tM»tR-X0t*r*'*^fart/r» > r«««raa. S
A J / V^ -y »«?l tt* to cwUta b^Udcna, .^him ?T^ W
H f **ff T*C**t>* ftnu which tooths, mrmtg&n aad cur* -^T- M
B Stop the Ache with an 1
THE SAX FRANCISCO. CALL, SATURDAY V DECEMBER 17. 1904.
WOMAN'S THREAT
MAKES TROUBLE
■ * —
Arson Charge Follows Wed
ding and Burning of Ho
tel in the Frozen, 'North
AllBEST PROPEIETKESS
Daughter Who Wedded De
spite Parental Objection
Says Mother Is Incendiary
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
TACOMA, Dec. 16. — A sensation- was
caused throughout the Klondike dis
trict recently when the Belvedere Ho
tel on Lower Dominion was burned
immediately following the marriage of
the daughter of Mrs. Marcus,- proprie
tress of the hotel, and John. Morris.
Morris and his sweetheart charged
that Mrs. Marcus had threatened to
burn the hotel if they wedded. The
young people nevertheless went to
Dawson and were married. That even
ing the Belvedere was burned. Mrs.
Marcus was arrested and given a
hearing before Captain Routledge at
the Gold Run police "barracks. Mrs.
Marcus proved an ■ alibi, ■ showing, that
when the fire began she was at a
neighbor's, a Quarter of a mile away.
At the conclusion of the hearing lire.
Marcus was given the customary op
portunity to give her side of the story.
She told a long story of her former re
lations with herlson-in-law, which so
distressed Mrs. Morris that she was
thrown into hysterics. Mrs. Marcus
was then discharged. \
rREPAltED TO DISCUSS
WELFARE OF GOLDEX STATE
County Members of California Promo
tion Committee Assembling at •
Pasadena for Convention.
PASADENA, Dec. 16.— Twenty-five
members of the California Promotion
Committee arrived here to-day as dele
gates to the convention which will be
held to-morrow. The delegates were
entertained by the local Board of
Trade with a .drive to the ostrich farm
and about the city.
Nearly 100 delegates are expected to
tie present at the session to-morrow.
Mayor Vedder and President Herlihy
of the Board of Trade will deliver ad
dresses of welcome. A. Sbarboro of
S^n Francisco, chairman of the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee, will open
the convention. Many matters of great
importance to the State of California
will be discussed by the delegates.
Among the well known men sched
uled to speak are: Ex-President -Story
of the Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce; Assistant General' Passenger
Agent Horsburgh of the Southern Pa
cific, Secretary Brown of the Stockton
Chamber of Commerce, ex-President
Weight of the Pasadena Board of
Trade, Superintendent Engineer E.
Lippincott of the United States Geolo
gical Survey, Chief of the Publicity
Bureau Wright of San Francisco, Gen
eral Passenger Agent Byrne of the
Santa Fe and State Mineralogist Au
bury.
HOME FOR OLD SOLDIERS
MAY GO TO GOVERNMENT
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 16. — Governor
Pardee' to-day" received a letter , from
the chairman of the board of directors
of the Soldiers' Home at Yountville,
Xapa County, notifying him that the
board had passed a resolution in favor
of the passage of a bill. by the Legis
lature " transferring: the Yountville
heme to the United States Govern
ment, if the Government will accept it.
The home is a beautiful place, but
a doubt is expressed \ as to whether
the Government will want to maintain
two homes for soldiers in one State.
It already has a fine home for. soldiers
at Santa Monica.
The directors of the Yountville home
say that if it is concluded that the
State will continue to maintain the
place an appropriation of $65,000 in
stead of $55,000 will be asked for at
the coming session of the Legislature.
The directors also want the Legisla
ture to pass a law prohibiting the sale
of liquor within one mile and a half
of the home. . V \.
NORMAL SCHOOL TRUSTEES
ARRANGE FOR LECTURES
SAN JOSE, Dec. 16. — The trustees
of the State Normal School, who met
in this city last night, made arrange
ments to have Professor David S.
Snedden, head of the educational de
partment at Stanford, deliver lectures
during the spring and summer terms
at the normal. Professor Snedden will
also deliver two courses at. the school
during the winter term.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Professor N. H. Bullock,, Miss Belle
Mackenzie, head of the kindergarten
department, and Professor J. C. Ben
nett.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— The follow
ing Californians are In New York:
From San Francisco— Miss Fitzger
ald, at the Murray Hill; S. F. Groff.
at the Park Avenue; L. Saltonstall, at
the Martha Washington; W.H. Mur
ray, at the Cosmopolitan; G. Schwartz,
at the Belvedere; R. D. Hatch, at the
Hoffman, and C. A. Mitchell, 'at the
Herald - Square. From Santa Clara —
W. J."Forgate and Miss C. Forgate, at
the Grand.'
' FRAGERS : ; j PRAGERS ! If- PRAGERS ' | PRAGERS
"SOMETHING 1 DOING 1 ' -5 4lW .«" f " > e Gh ™aware Holiday
THIS MORNING - 31 -I i ll I I B 1 tH ! (Third Floor.) (Main Floor.)
—————— — __ ft aift r lHlft t .& r&V&V *&' /^r Salt « *&& Peppers — Hand- Autograph Album — Silk
from 8-30 until noon; thereafter wQlv ( somely de?iKn«>d and in en- plush backs with celluloid
urmltrie rlosinirhonr tVi.. i,=..,i 4th Floor I H T ' : - ; a i uwTnri'i a ni' ; r> tuely new shapes:. regularly cover — embossed . deslsns:
until tne closing nour the usual " n .* loor v •. -\H • AI>*5XV r »S RELIABLE 75c a pair-holiday sale price special.' r»Oc
shopping inducements will be You Br 1/i/WfT-^ F*\irgrtP cww -••••• - **»«• Postal Card Albums — From
SS' Store Will Bemain 6 wi » bt " ' * 5TS\ "-"gg, ~^&™S«£ Po^^°
. (T^ S fflJS-ffl^,^ Pleased, -J,- , , , g^. 250 :.. 8^!..^ l^^.^^Jl^Z
Exfcra Creamery But>t>er, 34c a Square
TO-DATT OZnCZ-. (Fourth Floor)
o . Thi? is our extra Creamery Butter. Every square is guaranteed. This butter will be on special sale to-day only in oar Grocery Department at
A Pocket Knife Free With coS2S'8S h :SS.- I Great Overcoat Sale for
-•'■ ■• -^ « : - fc^^ii noon and evening. MpTI f
Every Purchase of a Boy s W$§( —=——=_= l ien A^jr
o .. s* ' Mon'c ITiriA • (Main Floor.)
V Slllt Or OVerCOat 'V^JL ' * T *^** ■* * lllC Besides these great offerings In Over- '
jh'/^S.. CM« m*. coats, we will conduct a holiday sale of jC****^^***.
(Second Floor.) OIIO6S Smoking Jackets. Bath Robes and Fancy «m^^^^8|
Besides this splendid and popular gift, m^'M% ■ ive^oat—Black Thibet,. Oxford Chevt- '
the value In clothing of all kinds Is here. W^k. ° tS £md fa " cy Sc0 . tch fixtures In styl- K?**2l^^f ®S\
Yuu can make no mistake by participat- iwi^ ;^i?^''«>?iM • Jl* broad shoulders. ' snus fitting collars y-V^t MSf^3 1f& -' J
•--'■ HHTSK^t^^SCrS^^W TS&SyTaa ' and hair cloth fronts; an immense vari- .v-'y
ing m these offerings. t ' 6t> ' t0 m^ e Y ° Ur | e - lectlon Cfi f\+ J^^^&^X
Russian sionaa Velvet rw.~~ n ,+ t^ llw $M Overcoats — Twelve styles In Dress Over- tIFb^SkII
""Si" b*wn M and I retfo^T^n 7M Pd^ • JSMt coats in all the newest and most stylish M \Wm±
boys from 3 to 5 yrs.; regu- SO \M &S&^ ideas shown this year. They come to |3i|SH
lar J5 coats; special to-day.. tP^wlr Kl^^^^^^^ ' «J^^ a11 lengths, and are hand-tailored jjitSKRl
suits. fi^^^^l fMaln Floor - } 513.85 I'l'^S
This Is a very late shipment of young Sv'^Bfei-vSS Blsts'of'llsf^hoM C»veaette»^RaVn-Proof Coats, made of
men's suits that may be worn by a boy §13 r!?||p£^i S nf Vir! Kid Priestley's English Cravenette - there lL&< < £§raf3
from 13 to 19 years; they ff r n ft ,&§&|I^$j|§ VHour Calf Patent are three <»«erent patterns; one is a g-'a'^r^s
are a splendid value at $7.50; f \S III 1 * r o ? U Rn/r a lf • rich shade of brown, and two are In 
special tpV.Vtr 2gr***t|| thVv come In e!-ht gray with pretty overplaid effects. They
■B-c-^nAT-c cia -r«^o jM Wk different stvfes and ■ are cut 52 Inches long, and have shape
PEHCALE SHIBTS. &)/& a f nave Goodyear retaining fronts, so that they will not JEM
Boys' V)c Percale Shirts with col- ~r ' Hi wplt llirht an A sag; may be worn with or (Ml l\Z Cs >TJ
lar attached; special to-dsy rt^f W hVav'v ini««,- «ne without a belt; regular JHl/M3
>...... •°* ;W cS .^...^.vf&sSs J18.00 values; special at... qitf7V
New and Interesting Novelties in Our rKJU^n't n^eenc End of Season Sale
Great Toyland \>IllKlren S 1/reSSeS of Women's Wear-
Third noor.) „-,-! 12^.v Ma^ - > n S Apparel Con-
Th«» wonders of the toy world are shown here in a QUO UOTiTlCLjS * 1^~
greater variety and in more novel ideas than ever before. TT -T \1 - * — - TTT j TT*J ollllieS
Bring the children. i^L
Piano— "White enameled Piano, (Second Floor.) >O^C\ (Second Floor.)
16x12 inches; it is the well rvVX \V\ Thl9 ls an opportunity to
known Bliss make that sells The-rA ic r\nt o mn tK op *irhr» I ilWltX 5et or givm a useful Christ-
Jk. regularly at $2.75; special at.. 1 ncre- IS flOt 2L ITlOtner WHO I |!vVfH#\ mas gift at a saving of over
z^Sk" A «•* t.'ZT\ ' cc Jx ■ ' ... .iti • 1 ilJft+iir I Jne-half. This Clearance
Sjg??— U^%u_ dou Hammock— That sens reg- can aitora to miss this great Hoi- \.9C/ivri/. offers y° u man y ad -
/gff'T -ifiOjaW ularly for 35c; may be had . , ~ , - ., , , . , \ >. NjL 1 JJJ/. vantages never before heard
fllijyp T^^n^-zinc-flnr^d 'day Sale of Children s Apparel. l*£Sp Df " '
H^H ' - SSd^lSheTTn^met"?; Dre«e,-Made of cot- '^^^ ' C °^t SSSfX tffi JSS
1 \m worth 55c; may be had for.... '11 ' ton and w ° o1 ml^ed; they is a tan Covert Corset
|g=g||ZI3 -. 39c ar « the French style • Coat - s^in lined through-
E?££ 3BSP KS 1 Train of Caxs— Consisting of a /•'Nrie'l .. •_ . out. They arf» reciuc**'!
■ES^^r! loc^motiC'^7?nder -an/ three > If* & lon& Walst effeCt - I from JW t0 »«-4S
:BpES| ji\ ItlJ c . cars; nicely painted and well S^*3li Th ey have a four-inch ruf- ' =*
.oJIJJUlCu^rQj^E made; regular price 55c; spe- /^^^\ fle around the yoke and C-,.«-:~l«. I— C^—^^^lu MHt:> M .
>*g^lSrk M .LhLVcarTr»in- B iiThaV-i!al t ; >^^» over the shoulder ' ih a 1H Seasonable Millinery
engine, tender, cars, tracks ' Mktvf r'lr stra P of velvet from the | (Second Floor.) /^^^N.
and switches— complete; worth ipW In neck to the bottom of the The best Imported Miilin- ?§rl>S^i5s*
: ft> S ° C: n ° W ({0C J^i/ff yoke, trimmed with narrow ery as well as the creations iWl^Wk
*'■ «• JJ » 4(. JlMJ^ 8Uk Poke Bonnets— Made of doubly opportune and doubly mSS£&fjj>>
De.k and Blackboard Com- stockings; regular $10.00 ]^&Wk a «rded silk with a full welcome. Every womarTmay WGSMgjh * 1
blnation — This is a nice value; special at....$S.OO ijM l^\ ruffle an around the face; secure a fine winter style hat >$g!|pS c '> v.
present for a boy or girl; I: f V»j the ruffle Is edged with silk at half the money she would
cTalS'regulf^Sa^E W \| Cord^ the >' % ha -« *^ ordinarily have to pay.
special at J?U.0O without rubber tires; these /®f fi% iles < and the colors are Trimmed Hats and Pattern ft8J3Tll
Ke«tner Doll — 33^ inches In velocipedes have a strong _*gSg JSBsA red - mode and blue; sizes Tailored Hats — Worth i~ ~*triTlL;
height— has closing eyes, leather seat; prices, range M f6B»— '"-^^^^ « to 1«; reduced from 75c $3.00. Clearance Sale price.
curly, hair, shoes and Jace \.-frpm -S1.75 to 85.O0 ' • ■ to .V 5Oc $1.50
GOSSIP UNDER PALiMS - <
OF THE PALACE COURT
Report Current That General Prescott
... - Is Slated for Speaker of the
Assembly.
Under - the palms of the Palace
court, where statesmen meet and ex
change views, there is talk that Gen
eral Frank C. Prescott of Redlands is
slated by • the : "organization" * for
Speaker of the Assembly. What the
"organization" consists of is not clear
ly defined, but whatever it is, it in
clines to the aspirant from San Ber
nardino. Supporters of George T.
Rolley of Humboldt are not convinced
that General Prescott is the favorite.
The story goes that Assemblyman
Philip A. Stanton of. Los Angeles is to
be chairman of the ways and means
committee in the event of Prescott's
election to -the speakership. Yester
day Assemblymen Bates, Stanton,
Cromwell, .Walsh, -Waste and Atkin
son discussed the situation.
Frank P. Flint and George A.
Knight, candidates for the United
States Senate, are in the city.
MINNESOTA ALUMNI
FORM AN ASSOCIATION
Graduates of Eastern University
Adopt Constitution • and Will
Hold a Banquet.
About fifty graduates and • former
students of the University of Minne
sota met last evening In the law li
brary of the Crossley Building and
formed a permanent alumni associa
tion. The constitution and by-laws
submitted by a committee consisting
of Bernard C. Carroll, '93, Harry Hum
phrey, '99, atid Olson H. Eggen, '99,
were adopted. The following officers
were elected for the ensuing year:
President j • Professor George H. Clark
of Stanford University; secretary and
treasurer, Frank ' Cornish, '98, of San
Francisco.
It was decided that a banquet be
held in this city January 26, and a com
mittee r consisting of Professor .Burt
Newkirk, '97. William C. -Fitch, '00,
and: Dr. B. P/ Shepherd, '95, was, ap
pointed i to arrange for the occasion.
There are more thaji 100 graduates and
former students in San Francisco and
vicinity, and a : large _' number are ex
pected to be present at the dinner.
SIERRA OFFICIALS WTLIi
OPERATE THE NEW LINE
Oakdale and Western Road to Be
Opened for i Regular Business
: on Jlonday Xext.
As a result of an understandlngr ar
rived at: by. the Santa Fe and the Sierra
Rail way. officials, it ■ was formally" an
nounced yesterday, that the newly , con-'
stiucted Oakdale & Western, road,, con
necting * Rl verbank on the Santa - Fe
line/with Oakdale,, the terminus of the
Sierra, road, .will 1^ be operated ■ under
the direction of the. latter : company. .
The new; line : is [only six miles long,
but forms an important adjunct: to the
Santa , Fe ; system,? to which It : is gen
erally supposed '. to ; belong. It ; was an
nounced yesterday,', that. the first regu
lar.'train over- this line 1 will be run on
Monday. j ' i
3Ieesc a'; Candidate for Mayor.
:. OAKLAND, Dec. 16.— Edwin Meese,
City Councilman. :;from the : Fourth
Ward, ; has announced his candidacy
f ori the - nomination . f or ? Mayor.'J' Coun
cilman ■: Meese ; has ' served ' two /terms. 5
Heis'chairman : of the'Street Commit-^
tee and - Is '_ one •. of . the V, most :; active
members of the 'i municirjal : legislature.'
PERSONAL.
J. D. Grant of Healdsburg is at the
Lick.
Dr. H.' J. Schlayter of Palo Alto Is
at the Grand.
H. W. Swift, a Fresno lumberman, Is
at the Palace.
The Rev. eT S. Simpson of Portland
is at the Occidental.
Colonel J." H. Moncton of London is
registered at the Occidental.
G. S. Berry, a rancher of Lindsay,
and his wife are at the Lick.
■F. P. • Favel of Los Angeles regis
tered yesterday t at the Grand. .
Benjamin F. Gels, a well-known at
torney of Willows, is at the Lick. •
H. W.^O'Melveny, an attorney of Los
Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
* G. E. .Mitchell, a business man of
Auburn, and wife are staying- at the
Grand.
-Banker H. P. Goodman of Napa is
among the latest arrivals at the St.
Francis. .
W. M. Sodeberg, a well-known Nome
mining man, and his wife are!* at the
St. Francis.
Adjutant General J. B.- Lauck Is
down from Sacramento and registered
at the. Occidental.
Charles E. Morris, one of Tonopah's
prominent mining men, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
J. Frank Watson, president of the
Merchants'. National Bank of Portland,
Or., is at the Palace.
Charles F. Potter and F. J. Camp
bell of Denver were "among yesterday's
arrivals af the Palace.
W. H. "Jones, one of the publishers
of the, Santa Rosa Republican, arrived
at the Lick" yesterday. . •
Louis F. Breuner, one of Sacra
mento's leading . merchants, and his
family are s at the Palace.
J. J. Nestell, a capitalist of New
York, who spends. the winters in Cal
ifornia enjoying fishing and hunting,
is at 'the Palace.
Acting ■ General Manager - Bancroft
of the Southern Pacific Company has
gone to Ogden on, business "connected
with the Union Pacific.
» J. C. Ford, vice president and general
manager of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, is down from Seattle and
registered at the Palace,
j E. N. Briggs, 1 who is interested in trie
lumber business in Michigan and.Cali
fornia,' arrived from Saginaw yesterday
aria' is staying at the Palace.
'Miss Blanche^ Bates, who is to open
her. ; local engagement . at the Grand
Opera-house > Monday night, December
26, in Belasco's "The Darling; of the
Gods," has arrived from the East and
Is staying at 2153 Sacramento street.
Among ' the arrivals yesterday at -the
Palace ' was W. P. Fife of. South Caro
lina, who; is, widely; known, throughout
this ; country as ■ an evangelist and
philanthropist. .Throat trouble com
pelled him : to retire from \ the rostrum
several " years ago and he ' has /since
been identified with mining, among the
properties in which he is a large stock
holder being what is commonly known
as the; Afterthought group in Shasta
County. :;• " The latter. Is now : controlled
by the Great Western > Gold 'Company,
a', St.' ? Louis ? concern. , Fife Is here on
his way; to Redding to inspect his min
ing* Interests.. Although . he has retired
as an '; evangelist : he is ; still . interested
in . religious ■ work ? and . supports : twelve
missionaries "' engaged in ; foreign fields.
H? ;!is : also ; , one ■ of ten who .contribute
tothe support of the Missionary Train T
ing in *
- OAKLAND, ;• Dec! , 16.--William
Hughes,; a'"salesrnan in I the ■■'employ -of
J. : C.^Reirners, .was arrested "in- Oak
land^ last? night, .- charged ' by V his. 1 em-'
ployer^wlth" the embezzlement of j 7 00.'
Hals now in. the City Jail.
POSSIBLE RECONCILIATIONS
IN THE DIVORCE COURT
Two Couples Show Inclination to Kiss
and Make Up — Alimony Orders
and New Suits. *
"Samuel Labinburg, who is said to
have saved $40,000 during the seventy
four years of his lifetime, was ordered
by Judge Kerrigan yesterday to pay $25
a month to his wife Bertha and give
her $50 with which to reimburse the
attorney who is prosecuting her suit
for divorce. When she sued him she
alleged that he compelled her to live
on beans and stale bread and butter.
The old man was tearful in court, and
Bailiff Duffy, seetng a chance for a
reconciliation . conducted the couple to
the jury-room, where they had a heart-,
to-heart talk.
Judge Graham may cut another
notch on the- stick recording his recon
ciliations of divorce seekers. He was
partially successful yesterday with
Edward Himmel. who is suing his wife
Helen for separation on the grounds
of intemperance.
- Andrew Frank was ordered to pay
$100 counsel fees for his wife Kath
arina by Judge Hebbard yesterday.
Frank has $20,000. which Is tied up by
his wife's injunction pending the trial
of her suit for divorce for desertion.
They were married in August, and
Frank says their differences arose over
her refusal to live in Oakland.
Judge Hunt gave Edward Phillips
the choice of paying, within four days,
the alimony due his wife Ella since
August or of going to Jail.
Judge Hebbard divorced Etta S.
Berger from Gabriel Berger for neglect
and .Judge . Kerrigan divorced Theresa
Riley from John Riley for cruelty.
Suit for divorce was begun by Leo
pold Spath against Bridget Spath for
cruelty and - Intemperance, and by
Elizabeth Nevarrete against Henry M.
Nevarrete for neglect and Intemper
ance.
Hooper Estate Appraised.
An appraisement of the estate of the
late Frank P. Hooper, lumberman and
capitalist, was filed yesterday in the
Probate Court and shows property o*
4pyERTisE>iEyTs.
#^ The Newest, Most ff Jj
(IkM Exclusive and Ser-
$mfr viceable Xmas Gifts §Mfc
Illfl Now on Exhibition ||l
w Department %#■
W/ LAMPS STEINS ART GOODS ||
'3fei °^ a^ k' n d s - of all descriptions. SnSt
ffo) GLASSWARE CLOCKS v|»
M GUT GLASS CHINA
y^fip OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS. V)
|) V I22ri32. SUTTER SJ^^rd
TO 4DYEKTISEES.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
D I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after ■ 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M. .
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
an aggregate value of $596,255 91. Mr.
Hooper owned stock in many lumber
companies, his largest holdings beins;
$64,650 in the San Pedro Lumber Com
pany. $46,340 in the Southern California
Lumber Company, $44,850 in the L. W.
Blinn Lumber Company and $29,555 in
the Ross Lumber and Milling Com
pany. His interest in eleven schooners
amounts to nearly $30,000, and of the
realty owned in various counties, the
largest Item Is $27,000 for the home on
Green street, near Devisadero.
Lecture on Christian Science.
At the Alhambra Theater this evenin*
at 8:15 o'clock. Bicknell Young, C. S. B..
of Chicago, an eloquent speaker and mem
ber of the Christian Science Board of
Lectureship of the First Church of Chris:
Scientist, in Boston. Mass., will deliver
a lecture on Christian Science. Admis
sion Is free and the public is cordially in
vited. - •
Explosion In Toy. Pistol Factory.
PORTSMOUTH. Ohio. Dec 16. —
One girl was killed, two fatally in
jured and a score of others hurt by
jumping from the second and third
story windows during an explosion
which wrecked Lloyd, Adams & Simp
son's toy pistol factory fcere to-day.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
ELECTROCUTED AT HIS POST
Thirty Thousand ....Volts ; ' Instantly
Kill Ambrose B. flcCaw,
Dredger Engineer.
CURRENT LEAPS THROUpH HAWSER
OAKLAND. Dec 1«.— Standing at his
poet at tbe hoisting winch of a pile
driver, Ambrose B. McCaw, an engi
neer In the employ of the Hyde &
Harjes Dredging Company, met sud
den death this morning, being electro- I
cnted by a charge of 30,000 volts of I
ENGINEER AMBROSK E. McC\W
WHO WAS Kl-ECTROcrTED AT
HIS POST OF DLTY.
electricity from the Standard Electric
Company's wires. Th«? accident hap
pened at the foot of Tenth avenue in
East Oakland, where tha pile-driver
was being used In the construction of
a bulkhead.
The crew of the pile-driver were set
tiny piles near the shore of the Oak
land estuary, directly under the main
line of the Standard Electric Company,
which at this point passes clo-re to the
shore, the work being done under th*
direction of Foreman James McClure.
The hoiet rope had b»en detached from
the hammer and was being used to
hoist a pile from the water, prepara
tory to placing it between the guides
of the pile-driver. As the pile was
drawn from the water it swung out
from the derrick, whereupon the hoist
rope, a heavy manila hawser, was
brought in contact with the heavily
charged wires.
Instantly there was a flash, and the
heavy rope, being soaked with salt
water, which m:»de it an excellent con
ductor, transmitted the deadly current
to the drum of the winch, and through
that to the other machinery. McCaw
•was standing with his hand on the
starting lever of the hoisting winch
and he received the full strength of
the current through his body. With
out a struggle he pitched headlong to
the deck. dead.
Isaac Wilson, the foreman of the
dredger crew, was standing near the
hoisting engine when the rope struck
the wire and received a shock heavy
enongh to knock him senseless to the
deck. Half an hour's hard work was
required to resuscitate him and he was
later removed to hi? home in San Fran
ci*co. James Eubanks, the. fireman of
the pile-driver, was in the engine
room. He received enough of the cur
rent to throw him from his feet.
McCaw must have received the full
force of tho current through the handle
of the Etartinsr lever, for had any other
portion of his body come in
with the heavily charged machinery
the flesh would have been burned
Having a tight hold en the lever the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I m«4 Cticti'ti and feel like anew mm. I h»rg
h»*n * (BCrrer from djrcp^pda and «our (tomarh
Jor th« l»tt two je»r«. I have bfen taklae nx-di-
•!■• aoft other dru r«. bet rocld find no relief enly
for a «Bort tim^. J will recommend Catcarett ta.
mr fiicndt at tb« onir thine (or lndice«tton and
•cor atoaaeh and to keep tbe bowels in good con-
ClilOB. Thcr«r«Tei7ni(;et»«»t. n . -_• - • .
H ttj btuckley. it ancb Chunk. Pa.
. P:«m«ci. Pal«t»ble. Potant, Ta»t« Got* .Do Oood,
KiTur fclcien. V,' taken or Gripe. 10". Kc. 50c. Kerer
•old in bolk. Tk« rennin* tablet atamped CC.C.
ttmaar«Mo«d to core or your money back. . .
Sterlioe Remedy Co.. Cbica«o or N.V. 599
AKKUAL SALE, TEN MILUON BOXES
COLLEGE MEN
AT INSTITUTES
Gatherings of Farmers to
Be Addressed by Presi
dents pf State Schools
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2HS Center Street, Dec. 16. i
Professor A. J. Cook of the universi
ty, in whose charge the farmers' in
stitutes are held throughout the State,
has Just made the announcement that
five of these Institutes will be held in
the near future. The most important
will be the Farmers' Club Instltute_at
Santa Barbara, beginning on January
3 and coz:tinuing to Friday night, Jan
uary 6. --. .
An exhibit of Ayreshire cattle of the
Santa Barbara region is to be. made on
Wednesday afternoon, January 4,
which will be reviewed by .President
Anderson of the State Polytechnic
Kchool, and others. Ventura will be the
scene of an institute on Saturday, Jan
uary 7, and a two days' institute will
follow at Xordhoff January 9 and 10.
Rialto is to have one of the institutes
on December SO and 31, and an insti
tute i?; scheduled for Santa Paula on
January 2. An unusual feature of the
Santo Paula affair will he the inspec
tion by visitors of the famous Limo
neira lemon orchard, where lunch will
be served to guests.
Among the subjects and speakers on
the programme for the annual State
institute at Santa Barbara are the fol
lowing: "Our Agricultural College,"
President- Benjamin Ide Wheeler*
•Theory of Plant Breeding," Dr. David
Starr Jordon; "Farmers' Clubs." Pro
fessor C. B. Summer; "The Water
Problem." Professor. W. C. Menden
hall of the United States Government
Geological Survey; "The Walnut Indus
try," Jacob Xeff; "Olive Culture," R.
C. Allen; "Lemon Industry," c C
Teague: "Strawberry Culture." Dwight
Griswold: "Dairy as an Adjunct of the
Orchard," Mrs. Minnie E.' Sherman
"Xeeded Road Legislation," Dr. E W
Reid; "Needed- Reforms," Frank Kel
logg: 'The Southern California Fruit
Exchange," B. A. Woodford;. "Scale
Pests." Horticultural Commissioners
Jeffrey, Curtis and Pease; "Value of
Goats' Milk," Dr. ••J.-H." Hester; -"Hard
Pan."- J. H. Reed; "Cover Crops "
James Mills; "Fungoid -and Bacterial
Diseases." the Rev. . K. Bishop.
current did not. arc. to his hand, but
kllled-him without leaving a mark..
The dead engineer was. 49 years of
age and leaves a widow,. Mrs. lone 3Ic-
Caw, and one child. Walter MteCaw.
aged;5 years. McCaw. was a native of
Canada. He . leaves ' five brothers,
James, Archibald B., Alexander, Wil
liam and John McCaw, and two sisters.
Miss Mary and Miss Jane McCaw.
.The deceased was a member of the
Pile-DriverB* ' Union. . The funeral will
be held under the auspices of that or
ganization.
Curtiss Wins Degree.
BERKELEY. "Dec. 16. — -Ralph H.
Curtiss was givej**a formal examina
tion In • the pnllosophy building this
morning for his degree of doctor of
philosophy. He gained the title af
ter an exhaustive examination' by Pro
fessor" Campbell, director of Lick Ob
servatory, and Professors Leuschner
Stringham. Slate. Haskell and Lewis'
Curtiss has devoted himself .to as
tronomy..while working; fori his high
academic title.. His Investigations
and theses, ■ published at Mount Ham
ilton, have attracted r the attention of
scientific -men the.'country/'over, the
brilliancy, of his work" having; received
general recognition. The " regents . will
formally vote him his degree at their
next meeting.
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY; ,• -DECEMBER 17, 1904.
SAYS EVIDENCE
INSUFFICIENT
Judge Mortimer Smith De
nies Application for Arrest
of Burglarious Policemen
BARS THE CONFESSION
Special Patrolman Jacobson
Under Charges of Falsely
Accusing a Brother Officer
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 16.
Upon the ground t'hat the evidence
was insufficient Police Judge Mortimer
Smith to-day, denied the application of
Prosecuting. Attorney A. P. • Leach for
complaints charging burglary in the
cases of former Sergeant of Police C:
E. Giark. Lee E. Andrews, J. F. Stahl
and C. W. Hamerton. *
His Honor was compelled to rule out
the confessions of the men on the testi
mony of Chief of Police Hodgkins. The
Chief said the statements were ob
tained by threatening the quartet that
they would be sent to Jail unless they
told all they knew. The four were also
promised that whatever they said
should not be used against them in
criminal proceedings.
Neither Patrolman Shannon nor
Special Policeman Goodwin could testi
fy to sufficient knowledge of the cases
to warrant issuance of complaints. H.
D. Cushing, , E. J. Buswell Jr. and
James Cahill, merchants from whose
chops articles were taken, all testified'
they had missed nothing and knew
nothing about the affair. - ;
The inquiry only developed the cer
tain fact that Chief Hodgkins made no
attempt to get evidence that might be
used in a criminal proceeding. -He con
fined himself entirely to jamming
enough out. of the men themselves to
warrant him in getting them out of
the department.
1 Hamerton and Andrews appeared In
court. Stahl and Clark were, absent.
Attorney A.- V. Mendenhall appeared
for Clark and Andrews. , ..
The next step In' the interminable
scandal will be taken by the Grand
Jury, which has been instructed to
make an investigation. - „ .
Charges were filed with the Police
Commissioners to-day by Chief Hodg
kins against Special . Policeman A. T.
Jacobson, alleging that Jacobson had
made false statements against Patrol
man H.' B.' Henderson that were detri-.
mental to Henderson's character and
prejudicial to the Police Department.
The charges are based on public accu
sations said to have been made by r .Ja
cobson in averring he had; seen Hen
derson "take property from East-Oak
land residences.
The Police Commissioners directed
Chief Hodgkins to submit a report in
wilting upon the charges said to have
been made by Jacobson. \ He was also
notified 40 .order, Jacobson to file writ
ten charges against- Henderson or to
appear next Friday before the 'board.
• Police officials do not credit: Jacob
son's charges. .. Chief Hodgkins .an
nounced that Jacobson must either.sus
tain his accusations or face the Police
Board. r; •
Attorneys A. V. Mendenhall .' and
Thomas J. Thompson, on behalf of
Clark, Andrews, Hamerton and j Stahl,
made demand to-day for the Issuance
of the salary warrants that the board
has held up. The demand was not ac
ceded to, and the attorneys said they
would mandamus the board.
The charges against Patrolman J. F.
Sill made by Policeman M. Shannon
were dismissed, the evidence failing to
connect Sill with the taking of hams
from Becker's market, as alleged.
The trial of Policeman P. McKeegan
on a charge of unlawful arrest was set
for December 27. . . - . '
FORETELLS THE FATE '
OF A WIFE MURDERER
Hindoo Prince Sees Vision of Lem
Campbell's Body Carried to ■
, the Grave. '■'■'.
OAKLAND. Dec. 16.— Panima Sengh,
who claims to be a Hindoo Prince,
now in the County Jail, but profession
ally an astrologer and fortune : teTler.
has had a dream-'. and foretells, the
death of Lemuel Campbell, changed
with' the crime of killing his wife.
Sengh wrote the dream to. Jailer Harry
Clark and said: "
' "In the middle of the night I awoM
and .before me appeared the form of
Lemuel Campbell. He had the death
look in his eyes, and, although I tried
to speak to him, I could not.- Then
the bars of the cell seemed to fade
aw.ay and I saw two surgeons, bending
over him, each holding a v wrist and
counting his fluttering pulse beats.
They left . and 1 saw him taken away
for burial. Is/this only a dream ; or the
vision of a psychological moment?"
WIFE PREFERS ALIMONY
TO HUSBAND'S PROMISES
William Dunn, Unable to Effect Re
conciliation, Nearly ..Finds Himself
;. ■'..:• in Jail for Contempt. .
,. OAKLAND, Dec. 16.-r-William Dunn
of Newark was in" court this morning
on, a 'charge. 'of contempt for. failing to
pay his wife $25 a ' month. While
loth 'to part with the coin, he said
he was willing to take his wife back
and asked. her if she> didhot love him.
She replied that she did-andrhe^ said
that he, loved <her and then asked' her
if she would not live with him again.
To this she objected.
•"There were nb distress signs out, that
Dunn was not able to. pay- the alimony,
and after he failed in« his ifattempted
reconciliation the Judge reminded him
that he had "disobeyed a * court ■ order
since, last . October *and was ■ in*;danger
of. going to .Jail. '.' "Finally; : however,
Dunn got, one week in which to make
the payment. . ;.. ;
MURDER IN FIRST DEGREE /
,.- 5 ; IS VERDICT OF' JURY
Colored Soldier Who Shot Serjeant; in
3lonterey to Get a Life -J
SALINAS, Dec. 16.— Private WI1-;
11am Allen, - Second Squadron "of •■ the
Ninth Cavalry, colored, X; who killed
sergeant Tooley of : Comjjany L, 'Fif
teenth , Infantry. - In . Monterey, last Oc-'
tc ber, ; ;wa8 ■ found ; guilty \ of { murder : In
the first degree ? by, a? Jury to-day. ., His
punishment /was' fixed at life'Imprison
ment . The • murder ~ was i the outcome
or a : quarrel .in a. disreputable house
near the: Presidio;. of; Monterey. "-' ,
/iDuring.^the 1 progVes'»]of ithe .trial yes-
Juan^ Ross; q. ■ Porto Rican.t tes-"
'titled^ for : the defense.". _y So'; palpably
'false were his statements " that he was
BELOVED PRIEST
IS LAID AT REST
Last Rites for Eat Her King
Archbishops and Other Glergy'
Take Part in Solemn Services
; OAKLAND, Dec. 16.— The funeral
of/- the late Rev. Michael ' King,
the venerable and reverend pastor
of the Church of the Immaculate Con
ception, -was, held this morning from
the sacred edifice where he had minis
tered for half.>a century. Eminent dig
nitaries of the Catholic Church, priests',
nuns and hundreds of persons, many
not of the beloved clergyman's faith,
took . part in services that were -im
pressively demonstrative of the affec
tionate hold the . departed priest had
upon this, community. Delegations
from many Catholic societies 'attended.
Children of the parish schools, robed
in. gowns of white, -had a prominent
place in the great throng of mourners
that crowded the church to its fullest
capacity. )J^jf88^8^^3BEJfaai
The solemn requiem high mass was
celebrated . by Archbishop Montgomery,
while Archbishop Riordan occupied the
Sanctuary throne. The Rev. Lawrence
Serda, pastor of Sacred Heart Church,
was deacon; .the Rev! Thomas Mc-
Sweeney, pastor of St. (Francis -de
Sales, subdeacon; the Rev. J. B. Mc-
Nally, pastor of St. 'Patrick's, master
of ceremonies;- the Rev. P. E. Mulli'
gan and the . Rev. H. Frieden, assist
ants to. Archbishop Riordan. In the
sanctuary were the Rev. J. J. Prender
gast,. vicar general of the archdiocese;
jfathers of the Dominican, Jesuit,
Franciscan, Sulpician and Salesian or
ders and the Rev. ."Fathers- P.
O'Kane of Georgetown, . Qulnn of Sac
ramento,. A. P. Doyle. C. S.P.. Demp
sey, ' O'RyanV. . Kennelley, ' 'Slattery,
Rogers, Long, * Carahex, McGinty,'
Gleaeon. Cranwell, - Reams,?", Lynch,
Brady, Mulligan, Stokes, Mallon. O'Ma
honey, ." Phillips," . Leahey, b'Connell,
Cullen,. Byrne, Keily, McHugh,' Melvin,
Cantwelt; Buschotv, Grogan,' Morgan,
McKally,. Foley, Vihalis, Lally, Power.
Butler, McKinnon, Dollard, Scanlan,
Gannon, Gallagher, Lane, Cummlngs,
REASON'S FOR FLUCTUATION . *V
:', OF UNIVERSITY'S INCO3IE
Acting Secretary Henderson Points
: Out-Causes of Decrease in Rev
enue From State. '
BERKELEY, Dec. 16. — The income
of the University of California fluc
tuates greatly, according to . Acting
Secretary^ Victor Henderson of the
board of regents. ' Henderson declares
that the -fluctuation' "referred! to. is
caused by ''■ the differences in assessed
valuations throughout the State.-, The
university" gets :ihe! benefit of a 2-cent
tax. and., the ; income from "this "source
can be reduced when assessments
fluctuate. • According to> Henderson's
statement there has been in -the last
two years' a ■'difference, 'of .as much as
$35,000 In the. amounts annually re
ceived by the university.- Henderson
says: - • '•V?^-; r - ; j'^ '.-'j".*- r
Some S300.000 a of the university's
revenues or about half its annual Income for
the support ot the university s activities at
Berkeley come frcm a *ax of 2 # cenu on each
S100 of a^scs^d valuation. Ulth £•«"»* «J
-trf the wealth of- the State, - the university s
Income trom tfeto «>urce .will. «x»nd. though
the tendency ot the assessed valuation to be
come a smaller and smaller proportion or the
actual values makes the growth of Income
from the 2 cent tax extremely Irregular.
For innance. the university win this year
receive about Slft.COO - lens,- from the 2 cent
Sx than Sit year." while last year*, total was
more than SDO.tttft in excess of the tax yield
of the preceding year, the assessment lev^
having been suddenly raiwd by the State
Board of Equalization • for that year.-.
KIXIRY BY CONFESSION
IX REACH OF GALLOWS
Virtually Convicts * Himself by Admls
slon That He and Partner Were
--■'.About to Commit Burglary. ; ; . :. .
OAKLAND; Dec. 16. — David Kiniry,
charged with the murder of Policeman
Smith, will be arraigned next Friday.
In the meantime he, has talked sufn
ciently to cut off every avenue for
escape. His confession that he and
his confederate, Joe Goldstein, were
on robbery bent when they had their
encounter with Smith is said by the
authorities to have_ put him within
reach of the gallows. .
The police say that according to the
rulings made In "the -trial -of the mur
derers of Policeman Robinson in San
Francisco, under similar circum
stances. Kiniry*s confession that he
and his "palV were about to commit a
burglary Vhen ' the: policeman .-.was
killed virtually convicts him of the
crime of murder. While: he. may. not
have fired the shot he' Is equally guilty.
GOVERNMENT GIVES HENEY
~ \ APPOINTMENT IN OREGON
Makes Special ■■Prosecutor, in Land
Fraud Cases an v Assistant
District Attorney. " ■
-PORTLAND, Dec. 16.— Francis; J.
Heney, the California attorney, who
acted _as prosecutor; for the Govern
ment. in the recent land fraud ; trial.'
has been appointed Assistant District
Attorney < for,' Oregon. The appoint
ment was made to permit Heney. to ap
pear before the Federal Grand Jury
nest Monday to present : evidence to
that body looking to ; the indictment of
persons Implicated in the land frauds
unearthed in" this; State by Colonel
Greene, ; special . inspector ' for the ; In
terior Department.' . - ,
It is expected- that the Federal
Grand Jury will .return , Indictments
against . some of the most ■ prominent
men in' this State and that several tim
ber barons resident In Eastern States
will not escape^heJndlctment process.
FREE FREE
r v ; WITH
SUNDAY-CALL
SMALL' ADS. ;
•;'•'■ ■■■'■V < : 'ATBoi^of . : :
RAMON A^
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
"'V •■';■:-• --r-Or the •'•
; RAMONA DOMINOES. ■-
\ Free ■ With rEvery Small Ad \ in
■ ; .'•Av-;- Sunday ; v Call.
See Small * A'd (Page ; for? Further
-..;- Particulars. •
Kennedy.' Nugent, *, Fleming, . Sesnon,
O'Connell and CrowJey. . • . *
A - v choir.j composed of twenty Sis
ter's of -.the Convent/ of ' the Sacred
Heart sang "the Gregorian chants dur
ing the funeral. This unusual "occur
rence *was- due to; a request made by
Father King. \ It : was . acceded^, to by
the Mother Superior because the dead
priest had been instrumental in'induc
ing the Sisters to establish the convent
in Oakland many years ago. ; ;
Vicar General Prendergast. delivered
a beautiful eulogy upon the life, and
works of Father King. . -
The funeralcortegj was escorted to
St. Mary's Cemetery 1 by the parish
school . children. The pallbearers,
priests who .had served with Father
King, were the Rev. M. :P. .S.canlon.
the Rev. E. J.; Nolan; the i Rev. . J. J.
Cranwell, the Rev. J. E. Gleason, the
Rev. W. G. O'Mahoney and the Rev.
M. j: • Clifford. . Ushers at the church
were G. L. Courtney, G. J. Wallard,
D. J> Hallahan. G. J. Reynolds, J.VJ.
McKinnon, J. J. Kennedy, James Rlg
ney and J. J. Harrinsrtono ~-
Among the organizations and insti
tutions represented '. at, the . funeral
were the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society,
Branch No. 1; Catholic Knights of
America, St. Joseph's Sodality, Order
of the Blessed Virgin. Children of
Mary, Dominican Sisters, St. Joseph's
Academy, and St. Mary's College.
. : As a tribute of respect and in token
of the warm friendship that existed
between the dead priest and the late
Rev. Benjamin Akerly, first rector of
St. John's Episcopal Church, a . re
quiem celebration was conducted this
morning "by the Rev. Edward F. Gee,
rector of St. John's Church.. The rec
tor also attended the funeral services.
'The Mother Provincial and Sisters
of,. the. Holy Names of Jesus and
Mary-have invited friends and former
pupils to attend a' solemn requiem
high mass for Father King on Tues
day morning, December 20, at 9:30
o'clock, at the Sacred Heart' Convent
chapel, "..Webster - and Twenty-second
streets. ••>- ". : ."*;--.* '..r: •-- ■-':■'. • ' '■ . .-'
R. H. COUNTRYMAN LOSES .
v\', : >■ ' A POINT IN CONTEST
Demurrer to His Complaint Against
Directors of the Pacific Oyster
Company Is Sustained.
OAKLAND. Dec. 16.^ — R. H. Coun
tryman to-day lost one of the points
upon which he hoped to be declared
a' director in the "Pacific Oyster, Com
pany, by; the sustaining of a demurrer
to his complaint charging that S. U.
Darbee\ had., been illegally elected a'
director: because he. allowed some his
stock to be voted by proxy when he
S a f, Present' at the meeting. Judge
Hall held that he had a right to da
this... ■ ■■•; • ■ . : ■.•■". • .
There is trouble between the stock
holders and the directors of the com
pany and an attempt is being made by
the discontented ones to upset a re
cent election held at Haywards. Coun
tryman also alleges that the directors
are ruining the company in favor of
another. He will be allowed to try to
prove this.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
l« SE wTm? > Dec.
IB.— William Oaken, 17 years of act nip«ii*,i
fn U i lt , y toL h n 8 m °^ 8 t*!™ *«»E'h2i1 o ehitd
■ BREAKS LEG IN FALL. PROM HOHSF
riHnJ I I, W« -horse yesterday while
H'b?ok.hl.,« ra S Ch at Ml"lon-S«i Jose
ass u^^^r <^r - a^
gg2r as
■Hi
history of the Berkflw H. e h *1 lm ? ta th «
student haa been^Ed to ran «?£' : .' ' s L rl
athletic awoclatlon. mCiU a?^' in ' the
mam
JuiBhter. Frieda •M?fcl a l > RuhlliJ f??L
.''■WIVES WANT DIVORCE.— Oakland D#e
16.— Emma V. Matlffnon began^ult fo?«WwSi
against Albort Matlgnon to-day oil th« »«?,«3
of failure to provldl. They Uve at 3222 mill
•treet. Berkeley, and have four cWld^ Jan*
•ine Chri>toffenon has filed a comEt in a
divorce suit against . Rasmus • Chrtetoffenon o*
Llvermorc. chargjnr him with cruelty They
have . been married nearly a <juart«r of a cen^
tury«nd have one son. She alleys that he
has cursed and abused her..
*• MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland Dec 18
The^ following -mirmtt licenses were Issued
by the County Clerk to-day: Robert JU11 TJ£r
21. Vanrt Grace- E. Bliss, over 18. bot™o> Oak
land; John A. Jedten, 23. . and Augusta S.
AuRstrom. 27, J both of Oakland; Raymond T
Crocker.' over 21, and Daisy D. Putnam oV
bothcrSsn Krandsco; Manuel Medelros" 41
PWBanton. and Marlanna Emilia 33 Tae«»
Jara ; Pred A. Berner. 60. ■ , and Wlihelmlna
Dohrmann. 63. both of Oakland. - ne " nma
-HIGH 3 SCHOOL GRADUATION.-Al&njeda
D«c. . 16.— Diplomas were presented to twenty
four - students ■ at the • commencement ' exercises
of »the : Alameda High School held to-night Mn
Assembly Hall. Principal George C. , ThomD
fon acted as chairman of the occasion Rev-
Charles" R. Brown delivered •- the addr««s ta
the -graduate*. President . Frank Otis of the
Board of • Education conferred the sheepskins
and Norman DIEvelyn," president of the grad
uating class,:, spoke the words of welcome^-
; Wheh- his' satanic naajesty . bids you
adieu, keepan eye on him till hVturns
YUKON COUNTRY
LOSES PIONEER
"Trannvay" :Biirns, a Noted
Character in theFar North,
Passes Away in Fairbanks
LEAVES LARGE ESTATE
Death Ends Career of Cana
dian Who Helped Gold
seekers Over Chilkoot Pass
Special Dlssatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 16.— The Yukon coun
try lost one of its most famous, men
when Archie Burns, better known as
"Tramway" Burns, died, recently in
Fairbanks. He gained'fame during the
"Klondike rush of 1S97 by operating a
tramway across the summit of Chil
koot Pass, . thereby laying the founda
tion of his fortune. Nine years before
that he had entered Yukon with a
party from Juneau, ■ of which Alex
ander McDonald was one. They win
tered at Birch Creek, near Circle City.
Later. Burns joined the stampede to
Forty Mile Camp and subsequently en
gaged in freighting on the Upper Yu
kon and between Dawson and Bonanza
Cieek. He operated sawmills at Ben
nett and Lo^ Cabin and had mining in
terests in the Klondike, i
Two years ago he went to Fairbanks,
takinsr up a farm there and securing
mining interests. He was 4S years old
and a native ' of Montcalm. Quebec.
His estate, which is large, will be di
vided , bet weeu his brother William,
living In Daw sin; another brother re
siding in San Francisco and three sis
ters in Canada. United States Com
missioner Stier at Fairbanks has been
appointed administrator to protect
Burns' estate for the heirs until they
can take joint action.
COURT AVILJj DETEttMIXE
"IF PERSON' IS A 1.EPER
Afflicted Woman in Honolulu Appeals
From tbe Decision ot the Board
of Health.
HONOLULU. Dec. 10. — Local
health officlals.are much annoyed over
the action^ taken to prevent the send
ing of a woman named Kalpu to.Mol
okai as a leper. - They say it is a
clear case of leprosy and that the.,in
terference of the Federal authorities
will only tend to make the lepers at
Molokai discontented. Judge Dole
says the grossest form of injustice
might be worked if people could be
sent to the leper settlement without
the chance of a hearing or without
thorough examination by their own
physicians. -.
The Board of Health has adopted
its own rules for ascertaining whether
leprosy exists in, suspected cases and
careful examinations are made by
many .physicians .before deportation Is
ordered^ • Recently. Ihe" rules , were ex
tended to provide for .longer exam
inations and requiring the .unanimous
verdict of the examining physicians.
It is said that the legal question of
the powers of. the. Board of 'Health to
provide rules f or ; such matters has
never been settled and the present
case may make it necessary for the
Legislature to adopt definite laws.
TO TOW OIL BARGE FROM
NEW YORK TO CALIFORNIA
Vessel Leaves Eastern Port on First
Trip of the Kind Ever
Undertaken.
NEW YORK. Dec. 16. — For the
first time in marine history the task
of towing a laden barge 15,000 miles
from New York to the California coast
was begun to-day. Both the barge
and the towing steamer, the Standard
Oil Company's tank steamship Atlas,
will carry cargoes of oil. The cargo
of the Atlas will be used as fuel on the
voyage. It is expected that the trip
will occupy from seventy to eighty
days. —
The success which the Standard Oil
Company has had in towing "barges
from the Gulf of Mexico to New York
and Philadelphia led to the consider
ation of the project begun to-day. .In
event of Its success it is said that the
service will be' extended to various
European points.
JEALOUS MAN . SHOOTS
\HIS WIFE AND HIMSELF
Woman Will Be Disfigured for Life
and Husband's Death Is
Expected.
BAKERSFIELD, . Dec. 16.— Louis
Landresse, a bartender employed in
the Hunter saloon in Kern City, while
in a jealous rage at the attentions
shown his wife by a man named
Frank Z. Smith, a dtentist. drew a re
volver and after firing twice at the
woman pressed the muzzle of the
weapon against' his forehead and fired
the shot which will undoubtedly re
sult in his death: . The bullet passed
upward through the skull and entered
the brain.
One of the shots fired at Mrs. Lan
dresse took effect in a glancing wound
across the bridge of the nose and in
jured her right eye. She will recoov
er, but will be disfigured for life.
NATIONAL , GUAliDSMEN »L\Y
BE. EXAMINED NEXT* MONTH
..SACRAMENTO, Dec. 16.— Notice
Has been received by Assistant Adju
tant General Bradbury of the National
GuSTrd of California from the War "De
partment at Washington that a board
of examining officers 'Will convene at
the Presidio in San "Francisco the lat
ter part of next month for the purpose
of examining ; officers of the National
Guard, who may desire to apply for
positions as officers in such volunteer
forces as the Federal Government
may hereafter raise.
Tells Police. Tliat He Lied.
PORTLAND, Dec, 16.— Bert Tetter,
the man who said he prevented four
b&ridlts from holding up the Spokane
flyer, of the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company on Monday last, has
admitted to the police that his story
its a fabrication.
Discusses of Knowledge.
BERKELEY. Dec; 16. — Professor
C. H. Rieber of the philosophy \ de
partment of the State .University de
livered an. address to-day before th»
PhilosophicaHUnion In North Hall on
VRecent Idealism and the Problem of
Knowledge." Professor Rieber r#
cently into special prominence
cnE?*^ "iinventioh-of a logical ma!
chine, designed to solve problems \n
logic : by machinery. * )roDiems in
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA3IEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND...-
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1033.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
AXiA3txIDA.
1435 Park Street.
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE, CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION.
SUNDAY, DE£. 18, -NO
D I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M. *%>
GET YOUR X:OPY IN
EARLY.
REAJL ESTATE TRANSAGTTOXS.
Alameda County.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER It
J. S. and Clara Myers to John A!mqa!st.
lot on SE corner of Chestnut and Twenty-
Cm streets. S 40:11, E 102. N 45:3. W 102.
lot 1 and portion lot 2, block B. map AdeUa*
street property, etc., Oakland; |1& ;
Mary Alice HorswlU (yrit* at Tl J.) to
Frank R. Horswlll lot on IS line ot Chestnut
street. 141 N o'f Fourteenth. N 38 by B 132.
Oakland; $10.
A. y. Reddln* (executor eatat* »f E3!» T.
M. Redding) to Charles E. Toun», all interest
In lot on B line of Webater street. 206 N of
Fourteenth. NN) by E 150. Oakland; SSOOO.
■ James "W". Cochrane Company (corporation)
to Louisa Vlnce <wlfe of Leonard!), >? 11:5 of
lot 4 and S 30 feet from lot 5, block X map
survey Northern Extension, forming together
Piece 49:6 on B Hn o of Klrkham street, be
tween Twenty-fourth and Twenty-sixth, ex
tending E a distance of 115, Oakland; $10
J. L. and May M. Siller fwife) and I* O.
and Maria K. Siller (wife) to Theodor* S.
Pedersen. lot on NE line of East Twenty
stcond street. 155.SO NW of Twenty-fourth
avenue. NW 40 by NE 100. lot 14. block H.
Latham Terrace. East Oakland; $10. :
Thomas Augustus Sweeney to S. B. Ken
fleld. lota 2 to T, amended map. Sweeney Tract
Eerkeley. quitclaim deed: $10.
Mary A. Surryhne (widow) to Delbert A
Brown (sinjtle), lot on E line of Park street
(prior to widening to 80 feet), distant tOO N
from N line of Webb avenue. X 100 E 97 -s
S 75, E 5O. S 25, W 149:4. lots 3. 4 and por
tion lot 6. block B, Alameda Station Home
stead Tract, except strip of 10 feet taken for
widening Park. Alameda; $10
■ Delbert A. Brown (single) to A. 8. Oaylord.
same. Alaraeda: $10. ...
E. A. and Annie L. Dickey _ (wife) and W.
A. Boscow (single) to Charles H. Fish lot
23, block S. Alpine Tract, Oakland; $10
Charles E. and Martha .A. Flsa (wlft) to
Lucia Hester Fish, 40 feet on N line of
Twenty- first street, between Brush street and
San Pablo avenue, portion of lot 9 block
297. Oakland: $13C0. ..V .
Mary C. and William McDonald to - Arthur
H. McDonald, lots 3O and 32 block «B Uni
versity Park, near University. Oakland;'$10.
Alexander and Clara 3. Wilson (wtfe) to
Mary Kreuzberger. lot on SW line of Ea«t
Twenty-fourth street,. 195 -SE. of Thirteenth
avenue. SE CO by SW 150 block 111 Clin
ton. East Oakland; $10.
Virginia and George D. Morse '(husband >
to Cornelius Mahoney. lot on NAV ' corner of
Twentieth and Curtis streets N 100. by XT 30
Oakland; $10. -"- ' "- '•-■•'.
ChiUlon (or CUIllon) Beaeh ' to Elfzabeth
Beach (wife), lot on' N tine of Blake street
250 W of Fulton. W 50 by X 108 portion
lot 27. map part of plat (». Kanchos V. and
D/Peralta, Berkeley; gift.
Asa R. Wells to Laura M. Wells (wife),
lot - on N line of Blake street 229:2*4" E of
Shattuek avenue. N 108 from point of begin
ning. N" 27 by E 50 portion lot 27 block
1427. Steele Tract. Berkeley ; gift.
Oeorglana de Rohan Baronidls (widow) to
Aggie E. Corbin. lot 6 and E H «( lot 7,
block 15. Home Park Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Josephine Joerndt (Peterson), wtfe of Wil
liam, to James and Caroline D. Souffraln lot
on S line of Virginia (Folsom) street 101 ••!
E of Curtis E 33 by S 133:6 'Cttnls* Tract
Berkeley: $10.
Mary Ellen Masters (widow) to John and
Julia Service (wife), lot on W line of Oxfori
street. 48.1.40 N of Hearst avenue (College
way). S 60 by W 136.50. lot 2. Whltton Tract.
Berkeley: $10.
Mary E. and William P. Bylar (nushand)
to Dr. G. F. Faulkner, lot on N Un» of Prtnc*
street. 110 W of Fulton (Raymond) W 40
by N 100. portion lot* W. 17. 19 and 19- block
A. map of part of Woolsey Tract. Berkeley:
$10. » *
HIGH SCHOOL . PK1XCIPAI* :
SHOOTS IRATE PARENT
In a Qnarrel He Kills the Man Whose
J 5- Year-Old Son He Had
Whipped.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. Iff. — E. E.
Mangum was shot through the head
and killed to-day by Professor J. E.
Woodward at Magee. Miss., where
Woodward Is the principal of the high
school. Mangum remonstrated with
Woodward because the latter had ad
ministered a severe whipping to Man
gum's 15-year-old son. Mangum fin
ally lost his temper and shot Wood
ward through the wrist- % Woodward
was handed a pistol by a bystander
and- shot Mangum through the head.
Woodward Is under guard at his res
idence.
DENIES THAT DOWLErS
FUNDS ARE AGAIN LOW
Official of Ills . Establishment Says
Zion City Is on Good Financial
Basis.
• CHICAGO. Dec. 16. — Rumors that
John Alexander Dowie ..was faefn'g a
financial crisis and a new receivership
for Zion City were branded as false
to-night by Judge W. Barnes and
other officials of the Dowie establish
ment, who Insist that Zion City is in
a better condition financially than be
fore the receivership laat year.
Reduces Price on Crude OH.
PITTSBURG. Dec. 16.— The Stand
ard Oil Company, to-day reduced the
price on crude oil 5 cents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All sorts of people use it,
all sorts of stores sell tb»
famous English complexion
soap. Established 1 789.
: :- -?' . all over the world.
CARTERSr cURE SICK HEADACflE
. Genuine Must Bear
ffiyER Fac-Simile Signature
jgPUXS. y~ -r^~Z^SLINER MONGOLIA REACHES PORT
Pacific Mail Steamship Brings Big Cargo From the Orient
«The Pacific Mail Company's big liner
-iicngoUa, Captain Porter, arrived yes
•tcrday from the Far East with 262 pas-
BfcEgers and more than 7000 tons of car
go. It was after noon when the liner
: dropped her anchor In quarantine and
more than an hour later before the
Federal doctors finished their Inspec
tion of the passengers and granted the
vessel free pratique. Captain Porter
broiyjst his formidable charge Into port
looklcg spick and span as a newly com
rrlssioned yacht, and when he reached
the Pacific Mail wharf he demonstrated
that In proper hands a 10,003 ton steam
ship can be maaecv^red as easily as a
Whitehall boat. The Mongolia docked
on the south side of the big Mail dock.
Barges and laid-up steamers
moored outside of her berth, and when
the liner was alongside the wharf she
completely tiled the pocket into which
Ebe had been skillfully steered.
The Mongolia's cargo included 1553
!a!py of raw Bilk and a large shipment
of tea. In her holds were 61,522 sepa
rate packages of freight- She was 26
daya two hours and 15 minutes coming
from Hongkong, and 5 days 13 hours
8nd 22 minutes from Honolulu. Her;
cabin passengers were as follows:
Frcm Hosckcoc — Frani; A. Dranagan. :
Chario iL Cole. 2>au IT. Dod««. Hla» Emily I
»r. E?wj-n, Loo F\i«t. Edwin «oyc« KJmbaJl.
V.-e. Beaume^a S. Kirn hall. J>* n. Maraarl. !
Mrs. KaLhrjTi* B. McCarl. Frederick P*itt, 1
JlIte. Nina E. Plctoeit. Mrs. Florsac* B. j
VTatei». Mis» Mex-sf» Water*. Dr. Cly* R- |
"Webb. Cisla Woo, Dr. RuaaeU M. Your.g. |
Joeeph L. Tost. Cban Tuan.
ShanrbaJ — Fraiik li. Brown. Mrs. Lizzie A.
IJroT-3- John F. Brown. Misa ilarjraret E^
Ett>wt^ Kmest W. Carter. Thomas P. Dorrii.
Arthur B. Hrkes. Mrs. O:ive Booker. Mr*.
Margaret "VT. Haznflton. George W. A. Mitcli
cD. Joha Murray. Miss Kel-n M. Murray..WU
'iaja Ortwtn, Mr*. Lizzie Ortwin. Mrs. Frsd
C. Srot^ Jack A. Scctt, Ml«s Mary Louise
NasiLsaX! — Graavli;* J. Alttaaa. George S.
Dwb«, Heary B. Miller, Percy A- Pa!mer,
%£~s. Jarob Scli'.ck. j
Kobe — ilir. J>jcna R. Cole. Iraoc Docsiaa. I
Mrs. JcHa !>>cinan. Pa'j! A. r>oo3!an. Miss j
Anna M. rvjeman. DetM p. Dojctan. «>3U ;
Joha H. Moacktos. Jacen II. Morris. Mrs. :
IIaV: n. Morris. •
Tckr>hair.a— J. Azere»Io OasteUo Braaeo. Col
oael S. Ir*agnk!. Captain Oorge T. Lcuncfaome,
Ea!^h Uttnr.ara. Mrs. Dai»y E. LUtmana.
Captain Pcjtcn C. March. Thozsas H Wooi
«rd, Mrs Ch!ka Kubo.
Horrjals- F. C. Atherton. Hrt. F. C. Ath»r
ton. Joha Be-grtrTgi. <3 D. Beil. Miev M. A.
Crai^ Mrs A. W. Cn!e. A. "W. Crockett. D.
\:. Cirrrja. Mrs. D. M. Carman. Ml»« H. L.
<^zrrr.&Tt. George C. I>.;i!r.ger. H. W. Dietx.
V.rm IMeti. R. E. Ford. F. W. Grimwood. C.
K.-.tter Mrs. R. Hawxhurst, ZZt%. E. J. How
*rd. S. Ha=:a~J^^-l. J. A. Jcyce. lire J.
KalannnoaJe. M!as Katherlne Lynch. F. S.
Musse'.I. Mr?. V. $■. Munrell and infant. Mls^
M. O'Neill. Iff. 3. Pohnere. W. H. Rice, Mm.
■W. H. Rice. Misa Emllr Rice. M1«s B. M.
PtanTcra W. H. Smith. Mrs. W. II. Smith.
Mrm. W. H. Scott. MUi Eleaucr Scctt. Mi«»
Oertmde Scott. Miss Ann Labenz. R»v. E.
T. Stepson, Mrs. K. T. Rimpnan. Master
Rodger S:ir.noa. Master I>ouc'.ai Simpson,
Mies Osrfott* A. Wn'iaiss. W. H. Go'rtz.
Vrm. W. A. Goerti.
So!a«« Sails To-Day.
The nary tranpr>ort So!ace. Captain J. H.
Bull, which came down from Mere Island on
Thursday to r.n anchorage cfT F>c!soni street
wkarf. wiil nail to-day for. Honolulu. Guam
and Cavlte. She will carry officers and men
to all ttore^ station to replace vacancies. a!so
store* and mail. The Solace ha« a new execu
tive -officer. » L<eut*naftt Commander II. S.
Knapr>. and the trim white transport one*
more lnok» a« »>» did !n the. early days of
her career. Her white coat is footles* and her
trasjwork »hlr.es l:ke new iewelry.
Changes of Transport Officers.
Captain Lothrop, formerly assistant marine
•uperinien<ient of the army transport service
and 'ater coremzadrr of the Surnner, "rh'ch
vessel he ran a*hcre and nearly lost, has b»en
reinstated In the servire an.l placed in com
mand of the transport 11 •' lm»r.. Captain
Kye. who had the McClclUn. has been trans
*>rred to the Sumner. whirh was floated, re
paired and 1* now in commission again. Cap
tain Carletou. who succeeded I^Jthrop in com
is&nd cf the Suicner. has been appointed dep
uty irj-pector cf hulls at Manila. Chief omcer
Randall, formerly cf the Sheridan, has been
appointed cfcief ofScer of the Buford. - ,
Wants Jjena. to Pa.r Pilotasrc.
When the Rt>»£lan cruiser Lena went up to
Mare Island »he United States navy, si en
■ rt of courtefy to the Russian captain, de
tst!rd Goverrm-rt Pllct George. Wheeler . to
take the foreign wrrshlp from ber bay an
• horage to the navy yard. River Pilot F. II.
«>outlHrs ar.dcr ordinary .circumstances would
v-^ve be*;n engaged to do the work, j Crouth'rs
iit#« net believe that t'ncls Sam has any right
:o cst^r.d courtesies at his expense, so has
iorwd in to the Lena's commander a bill for
«1!«. th» fee hf wou'.d have recrtred had the
wcrk not be*») dcre by Wheeler.
»
S<?Trntjr Per Center Siglited.
The Brill.-h bark Stork, which vrzs ca the
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
. RAMONA
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
Or the
RAMONA DOMINOES.
P""'h Every Small Ad in
. Ad Page for Further
XAVT TRANSPORT SOLACE,
WHICH WILL SAIL TO-I>AT FOR
THE FAR EAST.
overdue Urt quoted at 70 per cent, passod
Praw'e Ptrfnt yesterday. She was bound from
Hudsors Bay for London. The Ddlth Mary Is
quoted at 70 per cent, the Brier Holme at 80
per cent and Nellie Troop at 10 per cent.
Shipping Xotcs.
The British steamer Tottenham (on Puget
Socnd) will load rails there for Chsmulpo,
Korea.
The bartc W. B. Flint returns to Honolulu
and MaJkawell with general cargo-
The French bark Id Tour d'Auverjroe (on
Puset Bound) and the French ship Vllle du
"Havre (now at this port) will proceed In bal
last to Acstralia.
ErporLs by the Umatilla.
The steamer Umatllla called yesterday for
Victoria with an assorted merchandise cargo
conmtrnel to various British" Columbian ports,
valued at f9S4!>. and Including the following:
534 pkgs fresh fruits, 19 pkgs> fresh vegeta
bles, 12.532 lbs raisin*. 553 gals 8 c« wine, 1100
lb« meals. S2 pkg« paste. M pkgs groceries and
l-nuvisK-ns, C75 lbs nuts, 242 ctls rye. S52 lbs
cheese, 40,430 lbs mail, 4 bbls baking powder.
875 lbs coffee, 15 cyls gas, 93.42$ lbs bone
b'.ack. 3 cs dry goods. S bales twine. 1 roll
leather. 6 bars ste*l, 1 cs arms and ammuni
tion. S pkxs electrical supplies. ,
The steamer also carried 42.875 lbs dried
fruit. 878 lbs beans ar.d 3 lib'.s baking pow
dtr, vaJ-jed a; (2338 «n route to Northwest
Territory.
3Iovenient« of Steamers.
.' TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. J Due.
Meteor Seattle 'Dec. 17
Arau* Coos Bay iD^c. 17
/:iiiabeth Coa-Jille River j Dec. 17
Redcndo I Portland & Astoria 'Dec. 17
Chlco j Coquiile River iDec. 17
Czarina J C003 Bay !!Dec. 17
M. S. Dcllar. ., China & Japan «...lD«c. 17
Queen j Puget Sound Ports I Dec. 17
Eureka 1 Humboldt {Dec. 17
Empire ' C001 Bay ] Dec. 18
Cocs Bay j San Pedro & Way Pts.jDec 18
Arctic j Humboldt 'Dec. 18
S.Monica 'Grays Harbor !Dec. 18
San Pedro j Humboldt .* iDec. IS
Wellington... Oyster Harbor !Dec. 18
Corosado i San Pedro fDec. 1»
Centralla 1 Grays Harbor 'Dec. 19
Corona ' Humboldt iDec. IV
State of Cai.. San Di»go & Way Pts.jDec. 19
Columbia .Portland & A storia . . . -.< Dec. 20
Po-no (Point Arena & Albion.jDec. 20
Aurella .Portland & Astoria iDec. 21
Neko I Hamburg & Way PortslDec. 21
Pomona j Humboldt IDec. 22
Breakwater..." Cor>s Bay • !Dec. 22
Santa Rosa.. 1 San Diego & Way Pts. 'Dec. 22
Point Arena.. I Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. IDec. 22
Argo '...-' Eel River Ports iDec. 22
City Pucbla...' Huget Sound Ports lD?c. 22
Bonsta Newport & Way Porte.JDec. 22
San Jone ' Stw York via Ancon..iDec. 23
North Fork..- ' HumboMt ;D;c. 23
Maripoea | Tahiti ...Dec 23
Homer Grays Harbor 'Dec. l!t
I 'J. W. F.Mer. . : I'ortland & Astoria JD-c. TS
' G. Lindauer.. ■ Grjy« Harbor 'Dec. 2T>
I »r.uhli! j Hi'inburc & Way- Ports!Dec. 25
Newburg { Grays Harbor J Dec. 26
f"ura~ao Mexican Pert* IDec. 27
AlaoiC'da... .. I Honolulu ! |De?. 27
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Det. Jl
Steamer, j Destination.- Sails. j Pier.
December 17. . j
G. Dollar... -.Grays Harbor. 4 pmjPier 20
Northland Lo« Angeles Ports. 0 am'Pier 27
Breakwater. I Coos Bay <l!rect... 5 pmlPier 8
Point Arc-na.i Point Arena ' 4 pmlPJer 2
Hor.lta Newport Si Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Menes Hamburg * Way. 10 am'Pier 19
Siberia China & Japan. 1 1 piriiPier 40
Newport. ... ! N. Y. via Ancon..jl2 mlPler 40
K. Kilbiirn..! Portland * Way...- 4 pmlPier 27
Elizabeth...' Coquiile Rivfc ....I 5 pmlPier 'SO
Vanguard.. ; HumboMt | 5 pm 1 Pier 27
Jeanie 1 Seattle & Tacon-.a.i 5 pai|PIer ID
December 18. I I
N. Fork I Humboldt . 1 9 amlPier 20
G. W. Elder j Astoria & Portlandlll am'Pier 24
Pomona j Ilumboldt jl:30p!Pier 9
S. Rof« San Di»go & Way. I 9 «m!Pier 11
S. Monica... Lc« Angelas Ports. 2 pmjPier 2
Seccmber 19. | |
Anto.: Eel River Ports... 4 pmiPter 2
Areata Coos Bay direct. ..|. 4 pmlPier 13
Coronado... Grays Harbor I 4 pmjPler 10
Czarina Coos Uay direct... 5 pmiPler K
Eureka HumboMt 112 m! Pier 13
Central!!.... ko* Angelas Ports. 10 amfPler 10
'< December SO. | |
Redondo 1 Portland & Way.. 5 pmlPier 2
December 21. .*
Corona 1 Humboldt 1:30 p pj er »
Queen ! Puget Pound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Bay... 'San Pedro & Way. .9 am Pier 11
Arctic j Humboldt !> am'Pier 2
Ean Pedro. . | Humboldt 2 pmjPier 2
; December 22. (
Porno I Pt. Arena & Albion C pm Pier 2
S. Barbara.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 ampler 11
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
December 23. |
Columbia.'.. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
Sequoia..... Wlllapa Harbor... 4 pralPler 20
December 24. ' j
City Pt king- China & Japan.... 12 tn Pier 40
Aurelia j Astoria * Portland 4 pm Pier 27
I December 26.
City Paebla. Puget Sound Port*. 11 am Pier 9
December 28. I ■ 'j»-
Mongolia... China and Japan ..} 1 pm Pier 40
FROM SEATTLE. "- ~7
Eteamer. Destination. ■. Sails.
Cottage City. . Fkagway tc TVay Ports. D«c. 17
Jefferson...... Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 19
Banta Ana... ,Eeldovla & Way Pcrts.JJan 1
San, Moon and Tide.
United States Coacfand Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance - to San ' Francisco
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; 'SATURDAY^ '■."•■DECEMBER- 17.^. 1904.
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front fMisslon-street wharf) about S5
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tl<3a Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. DECEMBER 17.
Sun rises 7:19 a.m.
Sun sets 4:33 p. m.
Moon rises 2:02 p. m.
C iTime] Time ITime ITlme
» ! Ft. I Ft. I Ft. Ft.
? IL Wj |H W |L W [H W
17 0:3S| 2.2 7:30 5.3 2:07 1.51 8:31 iio
18 1:25 2.4 8:05 6.3 2:47 08! 9:31 3.7
10 2:091 2.6 8:37 5.5 3:27 0.2110:22 4.0
20 i 2:52) 2.7 9:12 5.7 4:00—0.3 11:09 4.»
21 ! 3:371 2.7 9 :4Sf " K.S! 4 :«(— 0.6 11:52 4.4
22 ! 4:211 2.8110:25' 5.9! 5:27|— 0.8|...
NOTB— In the above exposition of the tides
' the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides 'of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tht
fourth time column gives the last tide of th«
day, except when there are but three tides, as
forr.etlmes occurs. The heights given' are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedee the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted fr.im the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of tht lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogravhic Office. U. S.' NV, Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
..FRIDAY. DEC. 16.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. «.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C BURNETT. -
.*,;. Lieutenant, U. S. N., to charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
AllRIVED.
Friday, December 16.
Stmr Vanguard, Odland, 24 -hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts, 29 ' hours from
Port Harford.
Stmr Del Ncrte. Payne, 37 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Acme, Reed, 62 hours from Ean Pedro.
Stmr Cella, Reinertsen IS hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Pomona, Ewanson, 1SV4 hours from
Eureka.
. s?t:nr Northland. Jamieson. CO hour* from
Astoria; bound couth; put in to land pas
sengers.
Ptrcr Francis H Leegett. Reiner, 22 ' hours
from Eureka; bound south; put in to land pas
senffcrs.
r*it,r Jennie Griffin, Gibson, 3 hours from
Bclinas.
Stmr Mongolia, Porter, 26 days 3 hours and
15 minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 14
(lays 20 hours and 25 minutes and Honolulu
& days 19 hours and', 52 minutes.
Stmr Argo, Dunnam, 27 hours from Eel
River.
Ship Marion Chllcott. Williams. 11 hours
from Monterey. In tow of tug Dauntless
Tug Daunties*, Shea. 11 hours from Mon
terey, with ship Marlon Chllcott In tow.
CLEARED.
Friday. December 16.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander, Victoria, etc; P*a
cific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Hun it. i. Preble, San Pedro and way
ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Stmr Nebraskan, Weeden, Tacoma and Se
attle; Williams, Dimond & Co.
Ger stmr Mene*. Kagelmacher, Hamburg and
way ports; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED. ,V.
Friday. December JR.
Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Viriatilla. Nopander, Victoria and way
ports. ' I
I Stror Acme. Reed, Eureka.
Hlmr Ueo I..60P1I5. Monroe, Seattle.
Stmr Northland. Jamleson, San Pedro.
Mmr -Newaboy, .Lee, «.*rcfcent City.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Xebras«kan. Weeden, Seattle.
Stmr Francis H Leggett. Relnere. San Pedro.
I Ptmr Aberdeen. Hanseu, Portland.
Stmr Scotia, Johnxon, Bowena Landing.
1 ' Stmr NVwburg. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Shij> S P Carleton. McLeod. Hellintthain. ■
Bktn Jchn Sr»»»h, Wick, I'crt Blakeley. <
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I.OBOS, ' Dec. 1C, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. :
ROCHE HARBOR— Arrived Dec 15 — Brig W
G Irwln. V.ence Dec 7.
■ ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Iaqua.
ht ne« Dee 13; Ger «hip Carl, from Port Los
I Anzelee. • ' •
Sailed Dec 16 — Stmr Rodondo, for Sanu Fran
dsoo; achr James A Garflcld, for San Fran
clsuo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Norwood,
tence Dec 12.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Dec 16— Schr
Taurus, from Port Ludlow.
TATOOSH— Passed in Dec 16 — Ger »tmr
Saxonia. rence IJec 12 for S»attle.
I'assed out Dec 1C — Bark John Currier, from
Port Gamble, for Adelaide; schr Eric.- from
Port Blakeley, for San Francisco. ... ■> ■ . •
VENTl'HA— Arrived Dec 10— Stmr Asuncion,
from Redondo. . ," . ;
Sailed Dec 1C — Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran
clwo. . ■
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Dee ' 16— Stmr
• State of California, hence Dec 15. -
Sailed Dec l»i — Stmr 8tate of California, for
1 San DIfco.
El" RKKA— Sailed Dec ,16 — Stmr Pasadena,
for San Franci«co.
Arrived : Dec 16 — Stmr Alliance, from ' Coot
Bay; stmr Corona, hence Dec 15; «chr Bertha
Dolbeer. trom San Diego.
Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco. < , • ■ ,
FORT. ERAGG— Arrived Dec 18— Stmr James !
S Higglns, hence Dec 15.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed . Dec 16— Btinr
Olympic, for San Francisco; stmr. Santa Mon
ica, for San Francisco; schr R W Bartlett for
Redondo. - • - . ■ .'
Arrived Dec 16 — Stmr Melville Dollar.' hence
REDONDO— Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Coronado
for Ean Pedro . , , , '
ABERDEEN— Arrived D«c 16— Stmr -Mel
vllle Dollar, hence Dec 12. ■•.-.!
CI^ALLAM— Anchored 'in : bay Dec 16 Schr
WInslow, -from Everett, * for San Francisco
schr Annie E. Small, from Port Blakeley for
San Francisco. -\. . . . r
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Dec 16— Schr
Eric for Pan Francisco; schr, Anne E Small
for Ban -Francisco. ' -. . ■. . • '
EVERETT— Sailed . Dtc 16— Schr Wiaslow
for San Francisco.
MONTERET— Sailed ' Dec 18. 0 a ' m— Ship
Marlon Chllcott, for San , Francisco, In .- tow of
tur Dauntless. .;.-, . .'
SAN PEDRO — Arrived > Dec 16 — Schr Emma
Claudina, from Seattle; stmr ; Santa 'Barbara
hence Dec 14 J stmr. Coos Bay, henca Dec 1J
Weather Report.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, r>c. ,1R— 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tern
pcratur*s are reported • for the previous daV:
Cincinnati 26-10 Philadelphia .....28-24
Boston W>-2-UWashtngton 26-22
Jacksonville -HJ-34'New Tork ..28-22
St l»uis 28-21 Pittsburc .... 30-12
Chicago "-'-t-in Honolulu 7t-(W
New Orleans ..'..48-3«
SAN FRANCISCO 52-46
Tb* following are,, th? seasonal rainfalls to
dcte, as compared with thoxe of the same date
lart reason and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours: . ..
Last This . Last
■ Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 11. BT . 16.20
Red OJluft 0.00 .11.61 10.79
Sacramento - 0.00 ' 7. »0' 4.43
Son Francisco O.on !«.00 S.tiO
Frt*na ,. O.liO 5.07 O.fiS.
Independence 0.00 0.45 0.42"
San Uil.« Obispo 0.00 4.7.1 0.50
Los Angeles ....... 0.00 ■ 1.4s -0.43
g»n; Dlftn 0-00 0-23 0.40
THE. COAST RECORD.
3 I 3 I § % I So I
•STATIONS. i 5 3 3 3 ST§ ?** m\
_i_|_I_i_L._!
Baker 30.42 38 16 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Carson .30. .'.S . r >0 18 E Pt.Cldy .00
Kureka 30.3* 56 42 NW Clear .00
Fresno 30.28 5S 40 NW Oear .00
Fiagftaff 30.38 44 16 E Clear .00
Independence .30.34 !WJ 28 S Clear .00
Los Aflgeles ...W.14 84 ftO NW Clear .CO
Mb Tamalpais.a0.30 45 30 N Clear .00
North Head ..30.00 48 42 SE Rain .02
Phoenix 30. 'J2 72 38 N Clear .00
Pocattllo 30. SB 32 14 E Clear .01)
Point Reye 3 ...«0.24 57 45 NE Pt.Cldy .CO
P.rtiand 30.24 42 34 SE Rain - .02
J'.cd Bluff ...30.34 4S 42 N Clear .00
Rojebunc 30.34 4« 3(5 SE* Cloudy .CO
Hscramento i.30.32 50 4S NW Pt.Cldy .<»
Salt Lake ...30.50 42 22 SE Clear .00
S. E. FaraHon.30.2S 54 50 "N Clear .00
San Francisco. 30. 32 52 4fi ' N Clear .00
S. L. Obispo. .30. IS 7R 52 N Clear .00
San Diego ....3O.nS 76 SO N Clear .00
Seattle . .. ••• ..30. 10 42 38 SE Cloudy .04
Spokane 30.20 44 3* 8 Cloudy .00
Walla WaJla..30.20 50 16 S Pt.Cldy .00
Winnemucta ..30. 42 42 20 E -Cloudy .00
Yuma 30.20 74 40_N_._ Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND~GENERAL
FORECAST.
The 'pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twelve hours along the Washington. coa'st.
At the mouth of the Columbia River the wind
W now blowing at the rate of 52 miles per
hour from th« southeast.
Rain Is falling from Portland northward.
No rain has fallen in California. In Southern
California afternoon temperatures of 84 de
grees nre reported.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending m!dnlsht; December I":
California, north or Tehachapl — Fair Satur
day, except increasing cloudiness and rain on
northern coast: tule fog In the valleys; light
northeast winds. ■ .
• California. *outh of Tehachapl — Fair Satur
day; light north winds. . .
Nevada — F»Ir Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
becoming cloudy and threatening at night,
llrht northeast winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
11; it north winds.
Sacramento — Fair Saturday; - light north
winds. x - ■ ■ ■ • ." ■•.:
Fresno — Fair Saturday; light north winds.
A. Q. McADIE. District Forecaster. -
via way ports; ttmr National City, from Re
dondo.
Sailed Dec 10 — Stmr Coos Bay, for San Fran
cisco," via way ports: stmr Samoa, for San
Francisco; stmr. National City, for San Fran
cisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO— Sailed D«c 13— Bark St Katherlne.
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived. Dec 18— Stmr Alame
da, hence Dec" 10. -y
EASTERN PORTS. ,
NEW TORK— Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Atlas, for
San Francisco, ; with barge In tow..,
FOREIGN PORTS.; ■;,
COLON— Arrived v Dec 15— Stmr, Alllanca.
from ' New York, not Advance as previously
reported... ' .. , ' '-*?.*. i ,'"
called Dec. li^-Stmr 'Segnranca.* for New
York. . i - " '■ ■■ -""■■ ' •
PORT' NATAL- Arrived Dec 12— Ger ship
Elfrieda. from Oregon. - . ■ . ■
LONDON-r Sailed Dec 15 — Ger stmr Luxor,
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Dec 13 — Br stmr Cop
tic, hence Xov 26.
CHAMPERICO— Sailed Dec It— Ger stmr
Neko, for San Francisco, direct.
SAN BENITO— Sailed Dec 13— Ger stair
Anubi?, for San Francisco, via Tonala, Sallna
Cruz. Acapulco and Mazatlan.
NEWCASTLE. ACS— Sailed Dec-16— Br ship
Senator, for Honolulu. , . •
PRAWLE POINT— Passed Dec 10— Presumed
Nor bark Stork, from Hudson Bay, for Lon
don,
HONGKONG— Sailed Nov 14 — Br stmr Sal
forcila, for Oregon. Nov 15 — Ger stmr Pos
chan, for Oregon. . ; '
SEMPERVIREN3 CIX'B WANTS"
ROAD TO THE BIG BASIX
Organization Effected to Ur«re Pas
""saee of Lnw and Secure the
Right of Way.
The Sempervirens Club of California
met with its committees at the home
of Mrs. Loveli White, 1616 Clay street,
Thursday afternoon. ' The meeting-was
called to \ake steps to secure the right
of way for a State road to . the Big
Basin, California State Redwood
Park. The present route of ingress to
that section is long and tortuous/ , A
short cut can be, made, giving easy
access to a valuable and beauttfu coun
try. The counties of Santa . Clara,
Santa Cruz and San Mateo are" co
operating. .. ;
Hubert R. McNoble of Stockton was
elected chairman of • the committee of
the whole, composed of thirty men
and women. \V. P. Lyon of. San Jose
was made chairman of the committee
on the bill before the Legislature, and
Andrew P. Hill, chairman of the com
mittee on right of way, composed of
nine representatives of the three coun
ties mentioned. - .
JAMES AND -BAIN;. .VICTORS
IX HANDBALL TOURNAMENT
Players in Three Classes Furnish Good
Sport In Hhc Olympic Club
Courts. »
Four fast handball games were
reeled off on the Olympic Club courts
last .'night In. the' soft -ball tournament
now in- progress. . Fred Bain' and
George James carried off the honors
in the;flrst class. <; Bain beat A. Pock
witz, 21-15 and 21-14, and James tri
umphed over Thomas Powers, '21-14,
and 21-17. The games were '. well
played and -exciting throughout. <.
•In the second class . M. A. Martin
got away: with. Guy Ransome, 21-15
and- 21-18. W. Toung beat: W. Mc-
Carthy, .21-16 and 21-18 in the third
class. Al Hampton refereed the
games and'Fred Green acted as scorer.
The next contests will take place to
morrow afternoon.
Athletic , Officials to Entertain.
The board - of govern ors of , the Pa
cific 'Athletic' Association, "the govern-,
ing body, of amateur sport on this
coast, will meet to-night- around the
banquet board. The guests of the
evening /wlHubeywiIHam Greer Harri
son," rJohn-Elliott-and- Alfred' Skaife,
president' of the .; Academic Athletic
League. Some -notable addresses are
expected on athletics on this coast.
MAKES , HIMSELF. OBNOXIOU8.— Miss
May Foulkes,, 1&25 ' Octavia street, obtained a
warrant from; Police Judge 'Cabaniss yester
day - afternoon - for L the " arrest of ' W.- Ostrotn
on a chargrs of - disturbing the peace. . Ostrom
was employed as a handy . man around the
house and it U . alleged that on . December 13
he • entered . her room and made himself ob
noxious. . It was thought that he was Insane
and . a : warrant charging him with Insanity
was procured from 1 one of the Superior Judges
at . the City ~ Hajl % on Thursday, but h« could
not -be 'found 'to serve, 1t upon him..- • -.-
PUT NO LIMIT
ON SALARIES
Baseball " Managers Are at
Liberty, to Pay Players
\\3iatever They See Fit
LONG SEASON PLANNED
Seattle Opens Here, Port
land at Los Angeles
and Tacoma at Oakland
i The magnates . of the Pacific Coast
Baseball League continued their ses
sion yesterday afternoon and evening:.
After taking up a number: of import
ant ' ; details they adjourned till 8
o'clock on Monday evening." One of
the principal points decided was the
salary limit. After a lengthy discus
sion It was agreed that no limit be
placed on the amount of money to be
paid players and that each manager
use his own judgment in this respect.
The season, will open on Thursday,
March 30 and close on Sunday, Decem
be*r%3.' San Francisco meets Seattle
in fhis city, Los /Cngeles will enter
tain Portland and Oakland is to hook
up with Tacoma on the Oakland
grounds. From present indications, it
looks 'as thougrh there will be almost
continuous ball on the diamond across
the bay, though this question has not
been definitely decided 3'et.
A' schedule committee composed of
Messrs. Harris, Ewing, Morlev, Mc-
Creedie, Evans and Agnew was ap
pointed. The committee will start to
work on the schedule immediately and
the matter will probably be fixed up in
a few days. Six schedules are to be
submitted and the most likely looking
.one will be accepted. President Bert
was instructed to purchase a suitable
pennant to be presented to the'Taco
ma team. It was also decided to di
vide the holiday receipts in each city
equally among the six clubs of the
league.
Morley -• was absent at the evening
session; but the remainder qt the mag
nates got together and talked business.
The confab was devoted mostly to the
private affairs of the league and little
business of Interest to the public was
done. It was agreed, that passes be
issued only to the press and the wives
of players. President Bert was in
structed to have a book of rules with
instructions to players and umpires
printed and properly distributed.
The magnates also voted unanimous
ly in favor of sending President : Bert
to the national convention of minor
leagues which will open at Cincinnati
on February 2.
Will Play Baseball f or'.Cbarlty.
The members of the' United Com
mercial Travelers and of the Pacific
Coast Commercial Travelers will play
baseball on the 31st inst. at Recreation
Park for the benefit of the widows'
and orphans' fund. The teams will
be decided upon to-morrow at a prac
tice game to be played at Recreation
Park at 10 a. m. The material to
draw from consists of:
United Commercial Travelers — Andy Ma
honey (captain). Sam Hall, G. Mclver, Mel
Hoffman, Oscar Boldeman, J. H. Newson. W.
Frtd Knapp, J. H. Boyle William Cohen, Alva
Posner. U.. Ueck, SelleV ' '• Blumenthal. Joe
Krag<»n, Nat Cahen.Af Meyer (manager).' i ■
Pacific , Coast Commercial Travelers — Fred
Koentng (captain). Al Brown. Artie Werthem
ler, E. A. Whlpple. H. Freidlander. F. Reeb,
Fred Bradley, \v'. EX Devan,- Tom Keoghen,
Sam Ucslir.sky, D. Egan, J. lender, J. A.. En
quest -(manager).
Umpires, Carl tKoenlng and Mike Fisher;
peanut and sc^re card committee. George Sink.
Artie Glass. Err.il Boldeman and J. Kern
heim; official announcer, William (Billy) Hob
»on.
BOYS START CONTINUOUS
TENNIS TOURNEY TO-DAY
Many Crack Wielders of the Racket
"Arc Entered in the Three
"• The boys of the Golden Gate Junior
Tennis Club will start * a continuous
tournament on the park courts to-day.
The event will be similar in all re
spects to the one in progress at the
California Club. Fifty-one' boys en
tered their names. The drawing: for
positions: in the three classes resulted
as follows:
First class— No. 1, H. Gutz; 2, R. Strachan;
S, A. Martinez; -4, L. Levlnson; 5, M. Mc-
LaughMn; 0, H.. McLane. . ••
Second class — No. 1. W. Patterson; 2, T.
Rlordan; 3, J. Strachan: 4. R. -Van VUer^ 6.
H. Morris: C. V. Butler; 7, W. Mitchell; 8. II.
Corbly: 0. C. Scnntag; 10. W.. Marcus; 11, R.
Wilder: 12. II. Lang.
Third class— No. 1. W.-Honlgsberg; 2. C
Bradburj" 3, R. Smith; 4. P. Stewart; 5, H.
Levinson; «. F. Maggs; 7. R. Brunn; 8, B.
Marsh; 9. L...Netter:. 10. H. Snsith; _11, c.
Torrey; 12, O. Morris; IS. GJ Maundrell; F4.
R. P.eial: 15, K. Dunann: 16. H. Garcia; 17.
R. Honigsb'rg: 18. G. Gunst: 10, L. Levy;
2o, K. Kaston; 21. R.^Brefel; 22, A. Goldstein;
23, L. Savior; 24, E. Clausen: 25, S. Rosen
thai; 20, EX Garcia: 27. S. Kahn; 2S, H.
Crane; 29. H. Walkup: 30. R. Ixtrenz; 31, E.
McCarthy: 32,- S. Rudee;* 33, M. A^bot.
Evening School Elevens to Meet.
V The first annual -football game, be
tween elevens-representing the Com
mercial and the Humboldt Evening
High* schools will take place at the
Presidio athletic grounds to-morrow
morning, at 10 o'clock. Edwards of
the Polytechnic -High School is coach
ing the Commercial, while Grant, also
of the same. school, is coaching Hum
boldt. This is the first game held be-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mm • Km Ijjfc |gj^ H E3 Wl Ea Mb * Ej I * ws V3
daily excursions in Pullman tourist
mff t sleeping cars without change from Los^rak
MB Angeles, Santa Barbara, Monterey, San^%
WS Francisco, Bakersfield, Fresno, Lathrop, Wfc ..
fff Stockton, Sacramento and other California hI|
II points via the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific In
|B and Chicago & North - Western Railways j| i
11^^ TO CHICAGO II
the East. Fast trains. Excellent Jry
WIl service. Dining car service a la carte. MS
of routes. Low round-trip rates.^^f
berth to Chicago only $7.00^^^.
• ' Scuthsni P&ci23 ticket tftsts fiir fjil iz&nnitzoa.
R. R. RITCHIE, Gsneral Agent Pacific Coast, .^iLuiuw
J%£jj&P~!!5ff?y\ C.AN.W.Ry.,617Marl(ttSt.,Pal»ceHotel. >^B'J^HHjj<{Hl
flH I 'lli^ S.F. BOOTH, Cen'l Agent Kass'r Da P t » rf^^J^^^ 1^^A I \
CHRISTMAS
f~~1 CAfcL|~1
Out This is a copy of
#*% mjt ' one of the famous
lO-MOlTOW paintings from the
Palace of Fine^Arts
*- •"^ y at Louisiiana
CHRISTMAS Purchase Exiposi-'
: ___ tion. This remark-
CALL able painting is the •
work of FranztCour-*
Will present its tens, who has de-
readers with the .', P ict f^ ith l _ won "
derful effect the isoft
s Art Supplement lights of usk as
entitled they illumine the
branches.and trunk. ,
/f*^^ of a fine old spread-
ra^ &!& n^ tree under.
%7^B B 8 WM which are gathered
$& the sheep quietlyj,
browsing.
' . . *— — — M
" The sun, reluctantly sinking, sirugglingly tries- to stay
The progress of twilight shadows and prolong the beautiful day.
Beneath a tree in the meadow are huddled the lambs and sheef>: j
The birds hi the branches are mute and nature is going to sleep"
The. • __ A really beantiful
r'UDICTMAC picture and worthy
1OTA5 of a frame in any
CAlA^ home.
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
tween two evening schools. The line
up follows:
Commercial. Position. Humboldt.
Michaelscn - R. B. L.....Goetiee (Cpo.)
Cornyn R. T. L. Stantford
Fellom (Cpn.) • R. G. L Pendegast
Bruce C Franklin
Feilom.... .-V G. f> Andersen
lu-ca L. T. R Redly
Vox L. E. R Miller
Clark Quarter Stern
Braunagel L. H. R Kessler
Brodeen R. H. L Lan<
Rcardon: Full Cook
GREAT GAME EXPECTED WIIEX
CRACK POLO PLAYERS MEET
Eight of the Cleverest Men on the
Coast Compete for Honors
Kv 5 ."** To-Morrow.
.SAX- MATEO, Dec. 16. — Two sides,
comprising the eight strongest polo
players on the 'coast, have arranged
for a record polo match on the Bur-
Hrigame field for Sunday afternoon.
The teams will be made up>as follows:
Reds — Charles Dunphy, Cyril R. To
b.'n, Walter S. Hobar't and John Law
sen; whites — R. M. Tobin, F. J.
Mackay. Thomas A. Driscoll and'Law
rence McCreery. The game will be
umpired by J. O. Tobin Jr, ' Driscoll
and Mackey . are coming from the
south especially to participate in this
game. Th«. sides are believed to be
as evenly niatched as possible and the
game is bound to be an exciting one.
MERCHANTS DECORATE POST STREET.
The Post Street Improvement Club has dec
orated Post street for the holidays. The club
has found It profitable in doing so a* It has
the tendency to attract - the people. The fol
lowing are officers of the club: President.
Byron Mauzy; vice president. Raphael Well;
secretary and treasurer. C. L. Hogue. The
directors are George Cooper of W. L. Sloane &
Co., J. O. Gantner of the Gantner & Mattern
Company. George R. Shreve of Shreve & Co..
Mr.- LJebes of Liebes & Co.. M, Friedman of
M. Friedman & Co. and Mr. Brilliant
"OCEAN. TRAVEL.
S Steamers of company, or
for which It ts agent, leave
Tiers 9 . and 11, San Fran-
For Ketchlkan. 'WYange!,
Juneaa. TraadwelT. Halnes.
Skaguay, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
m.. D*c. 18, 21. W. 31. Jan.
8. Change to this company's
_ ,., steamers at Seattle.
«. For , ~ Lorla ' v »f couver. Port Townsend.
Seattle. Tacomi. EVerett. South Be!l!ngham,
B«lllngham— 11 a. m.. Dec. Its. 21. 28. 31. Jan.
a. Change at Seattle to this company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. X. Ry.; at Seattle or
Tacoma to N\ P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry. ,-'-\ f -';
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :30
p. m.. Doc. IS. 24. 80. Jan. 3. Corona, 1:30
P. m., Der. 15. 2\. Zl. Jan. 2.
For Los Angles (via Port Lcs Anceles and
Redondo). San Diega and Santa. Barbara —
Santa Ecm. Simdays, 9 a. ns.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (vja San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Slmeen, Cayuco*, Port 'Harford (San
Luis Ofclspo). Ventura and Htfeneme.
Konlta. 9 a. m., Dec. 17 26 Jan. 2
Coos Bay. 9 a. m., D«c. '21. 29, Jan 6
For Ensenarta. Maxdalena. Bay. San Jo»» del
Cabo. MazatlaA. Altata. La Paz. Santa.Rosalia
Gtiaymas (Mex.). 1O a. m.. 7th of each month!
For further Information obtain folder. Right
• 9 rw^v^rl to change Bteamrra or sailing- dates
TICKET OFFICES — ♦ N'ew Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Ofics 10 Market at.
C. D. DUXAXX. G»n»ral Passenger Agent.
> _ 10 Market St., San Fmnelscn.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler st. will
call fcr and check baggage from" hotels and
residences. Telerhoes Exchange. 312.
AMERICAN UITE.
Flymonth — Cherbonnr— Southamnton
St. Paal Dec. 2l|Phl!adelphla. . . .Jan T
St. Louis Dec. 3l!«ZTd.Jan. 14,10:30 "am
•Calltnr «t Pover for London and Pntis.
ATLANTIC TBAN3P02T LIJTE.
New Tork — London Direct.
MCn'm'e, D*c.24.1O am|Me-atMi.Jan. 7 in a m
Mntnka. ' Dtr-.ni. 1 prr>'Minhaha.Jan. '14.11-39
■R-CTt STAB IiI2IE.
New York — Antwerp — London — Part*.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
Kroonland ....Dec. StjZeeland Jan. 14
Vaderland Dec. 3t I Finland Jan" 21
WHITE STAB IIJTB.
New Tork — Qtxee&stown — Llvemoot
Raitlc. Pec. 28. 1<» amp*mitonlc.Jan u ir>am
Cedrlc, Jao. 4. 4:30 am: Majestic ...'...Jan. 1<»
Boston— Qneenrto-wm— -Uvenxjol
Wlnlfredlan Jan. 4,Cj-nr!c Jan. 2S
NEW TORJC AITS BOSTON DISECT
To the Mediterranean.
Oil,raltar. F Na S l.., E 0«c o a. Ri^.« aar t a .
RTPUBLIC : Jan. 14. Feh 2S
CRETIC. Feb. 4. March IS
FROM BOSTOX.
CAXOPTC Jan. 7. Feh m
ROMANIC Jan. 2S. Marr*» U
C. t>. TATT.OR. Passenger A*ent PaeiSe Coast
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
oceanics.5.c«. =v p ;»;,?.
8. S. VEXTURA. for Hoso'lalu. Samoa, Auck-
land ami Sydney. .Thursday. Dec. 22, 2 P m
S.S. ALAMKDA. for Honolulu. Dec. 31. 11 A M*
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. 31. 11 A. 3<I
].P.SPRIimS& BEOI CO.. Altl.Ticm C2B5B lir-
Ui Irtlgit 0SC3 327 Maria sl. Pisr 7. paaa: ;:
COSPAG.f IE 6ZNESALE TB1HSATLA5TIQI73.
DIRECT LIXE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -■?
Sailing every ThursUay Instead of J$ irf}>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier
42. Xorth River, foot of Morton st '
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond cla^s to Havre. $45 and upward. CEX-
ERAL AGEXCY FOR VXITED STATES AXO
CANADA, ."!2 Broadway (Hudson building).
Xtw Tcrk. J. F. FX-'GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
AE»nt*. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For U. S. Nary Yard and Vallefo.
Strs General Frlsbie, - Montlcello and Arrow.
9:45 a.m-. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. tt p.m.. 9:30 p.
m. Leave San ' Francisco Sundays 9:45 a.m..
12:30 p.m.. <& p.m.. 8:30 p.m. X<eave Vallejo, 7
a.m.. '.' a.m., 12:C0 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m. Sun-
days. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. « p.m. Pier 2,
ft Mission st. ; phone Main 13CS. HATCH BROS.
For T7. S. Navy Tard and "VaUefo.
Stmr. H. J. CORCORAX leave* nortii «nd
Ferry bids., foot of Clay it., 10 a.m., 3:."0
p.m.: Sundays. 10 a.m., 8 p.m. Leav*
Valleio. Aden's wharf. 7:13 a.m.. 2:30 p.m. ;
Sundays, 7:15 a.m.. 5 p.m. Far* 25c each way.
PIPEH.ADEX. GOODALL CO." ■ : •
Gonorrhoea and ' Urinaxar Placfaar* ■■»
CSkaZ/\a I*. sJLjLy a W SsSk
: . • ." f .''- A CURE IX ,48 HOURS. \
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOU>" D. SPKECKELS Proprietor
ADDRE6S ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHJT McXAUCHT « HanagCT
PCBLXCAT1OX OmCE TH1HD AND MARKET STREETS. BAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY •'• DECEMBER 17. 1904
THE FRENCH INCOME TAX.
IX this country reform in taxation is under discussion in many
States besides California. In Ohio it is advancing to the front
as the leading political issue, and it should come to the front
here. When it does it should include such an obvious necessity as
the exemption from local taxation of American shipping, if Califor
nia wish San Francisco to become a leading ship owning seaport,
and ship building to be a flourishing local industry.
Tax reform is in the air in many countries. It is coming to
be understood by politicians, as it has long been understood by
economists, that the taxing power, which is the power to legally
confiscate propejty for the use of government, is the most impor
tant of public functions* The power to tax is the power to op
press. It appears in its most oppressive form in Italy, and there,
too, this reform is a burning issue. In France the life of the
Combes Ministry depends upon this issue, for France, so advanced
in many things, is far behind other countries in methods of taxa
tion. She still levies a tax on windows and outside doors, and the
result is a depressing style of rural architecture, devised to require
as few windows and doors as possible, thus depriving the people
of the physical blessing and benefit of light and air.
It is an unjust and unsanitary tax. It has a relation to the
health and strength and morals of the people, and is in a high de
gree oppressive and unjust, but the financial emergencies of the
republic, the large exemptions of productive religious establish
ments and other peculiarities have seemed to make its maintenance
necessary. Xow Premier Combes has determined to abolish this tax
on light, air and the health and comfort of the people, along with
other primitive and wasteful forms of taxation, and to substitute for
them an income tax. It is proposed to exempt incomes of $500 and
less, and to increase the rate* on incomes above that exempt mini
mum until it reaches 2 per cent on incomes of $4000 and over.
The measure has the support of President Loubet, which im
plies that it will have the support of the bourgeoisie, the middle
class, to which he belongs. If this be so it should carry, for the
middle class are the actual rulers of France. In no other country
is that class as well organized and as powerful. » Instead of being
dictated to by capital on one side and organized labor on the
other, it dictates to both, and even in combination they are unable to
escape its mastery.
This income tax applies to .foreigners domiciled in France for
business purposes, and oddly enough this is the ground upon
which the Nationalists and Conservatives in the Chamber oppose
it. If an income tax is to be adopted, it surely should apply equally
to all who enjoy the protection of the law for their property and
business- In this country all taxation is of such general applica
tion, and an American statesman would not dare propose that dom
iciled foreigners should be exempted from taxes which citizens pay.
The French proposition separates rentafs from other incomes,
and is expected to raise a revenue of $26,006,000 from incomes and
$12,000,000 from rentals of real estate. To an outsider it appears
that the chief merit of the measure is that it takes the place of
such unjust taxation as that on doors and windows, and other un
scientific and unsatisfactory levies. All of the enemies of the
Combes Ministry are rallying against it and hope to defeat it. The
socialists join in the attack on the Ministry, for the sake of doim*
anything to destroy existing government by hampering reforms
which if effected would increase the firmness of its seat. If the
Ministry be defeated an appeal to the people will follow, the result
of which will be of the greatest interest far outside of France. The
discussion of the measure is to have precedence over everything
else in the present -session, and as. in the Chamber there are econo
mists of repute and fiscal experts of high standing, it may. be ex
pected that the debate will make valuable additions to the literature
of the subject, which may be beneficially studied in this country,
where the same general issue is coming to the front.
It is interesting that the two foremost republics of the world
are at the same time occupied witth the same general subject. While
in our American States we have no taxation as unscientific and un
just as the French door and window tax, it is true that we have
taxation that fails of its object, that separates the burdens from
the benefits of government and distributes them unequally. It is
a wholesome sign of advancing intelligence that this is considered
the leading issue under free government, whose purpose is equality.
THE SUNDAY CALL'S CHRISTMAS EDITION.
TWENTY-FOUR pages of the brightest and' most spirited
Christmas fie !<<n features that could be procured East or West
v \vill to-morrow make the annual Christmas edition -of the
Sunday Call the most notable Christmas edition of a daily 'paper
that has ever appeared in San Francisco. The work of California
writers of fiction has been given precedence. "The Madonna of the
Tules" is the prize story for the week, written by Martha Tustiu
Patton of San Francisco. Incorporated within this story is a de
scription of the tule lands that would be no discredit to the pen
of any of tlfe literary artists of the day. \
"The Masque of Joy/' by Charles Tenney Jackson of Oakland,
is also by a new California writer. It is a story filled with plenty
of heart interest, artistically relieved by a., fine thread of humor. It
deals with an eventful Christmas eve at a Folsom street boarding
house. A. D. McMillan of Nevada City contributes a simon pure hu
morous yarn, "Doc Wilson's Christmas Pudding," which will be thor
oughly enjoyed by all who love a good early time California story.
"The Hold-up at Mirabel" is a clever story from the pen of Madqe
Morris, whose California stories are well known. Katheryn Jar
boe, another California writer whose work is winning recognition
in wider fields, contributes a story of the Southern California oil
fields in "The Oil on Blodgett's Farm."
From Eastern writers whose work is familiar there are several
splendid stories. "Henny: A Christmas Story," is a touching re
cital of child life by Amelie Rives; Fergus Hume iias "A Christ
mas Tree": John Strange Winter contributes "Three Inches
of Snow"; and Mrs. Burton Harrison, "The Last Christmas
of the Confederacy." All the regular features appeaj: "On and
Off the Bread Wagon.\' by Charles Dryden :' "Jottings of Old Lim
Jucklin," by Opie Read; "Double Harness," by Anthony Hope;
the book page by Robert W. Ritchie: Madge Moore's page; a page
on first aid to gas victims, and the regular, puzzle page.
There are several handsome full page drawings, notably one
by R. W. Borough. "The Typical California Girl," and one by John
F. Woolrich, "The Old-Time. Christmas Dinner."
THE PRESS OF THE NATION^
The United States mail* carry in a year 8,500,000,000 pieces of matter at
& cost of 1 150,000.001. and if the rural delivery service, which row. serves
one-seventh of our people at an expense of $22,000,000, were eliminated the
postofflce would be self-supporting. The postofflce was not established to
make money, but even without any retrenchment it would make money, prob
ably, if the cheap parcel post were introduced here as it exists In other pro
gressive countries. — Boston Transcript.
The places under the customs service which the President .has Just in
cluded in the classified service are precisely of the sort 'to which the appli
cation or extension of the merit system ought to produce good results. Noth
ing can improve the service more than the offer of some prospect of advance
ment to subordinates who are faithful and efficient.- — New York Evening
Port.
This nation owes a great debt to lawyers. But where Jefferson, Hamil
ton, Madison. Marshall, Webster, Clay and Lincoln • devoted their talents to
the welfare of the people, the lawyers of to-day are chiefly concerned in pro
moting corporate powers or violating the spirit of laws by means of tech
nicalities. — Kansas City Star. . t
Eonie Democrat* want to know the use of being good. Their, party became
cane ax<d 6&fe. and !o! it is (m measurably weaker than when insane and un
safe. — Louisville Herald. •
THE SAX FRAXCISCO OVLL; SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1904.
NEW ORLEANS WOMAN ACTS
AS A "SOCIAL ADJUSTER"
MRS. EURYDICE ALLEYX.
* * nearly, all the professions, new and old, are overcrowded,
111 there is one that is not. Only one person., as far as is known, has
VJL/ embraced it. That person is Mrs. Eurydice Alleyn of New Or
leans, who calls herself a "social 1 adjuster," *6r arbiter, says the
Chicago Inter Ocean. Mrs. Alleyn is returning home by way of Chicago
from a visit of several months in Canada and New York. • v *
"There are many people nowadays, you know, who are trying to
break Into society— 'nouveau riche' we call them' down in New Orleans,"
said Mrs. Alleyn during her stay in this city. "There are people, too,
already in, who want to keep the new ones out.' -It is my business to be
a living list of guests, a sort of animated epitome of who's who and who
isn't, so as to help them both. Many women who can. afford to keep a
social secretary prefer not to, and, in New Orleans especially, where the
peculiar social conditions admit poverty to the highest strata, provided
it is blue-blooded, there are many who would but cannot afford to. I am
consulted by both and provide lists of guests who will be congenial,
whether it is the woman who's trying to break In' or she who Is resist
ing the bourgeois invasion, and who, is to be the hostesi at the function.
And that is something every hostess cannot do for herself in these days
when it -is a hard matter to tell who has 'arrive/1' and therefore a danger
ous thing to snub without knowing exactly whom one is snubbing." „„
In addition to adjusting the status of social aspirations, Mrs. Alleyn
also designs social functions — "nothing monkeyish. Just- unique," she says.
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
ON the pointed 'torpedo turbans
that still all of their
smart style the very latest mani-'
festatlon shows all of the: trim
-' mings — and scant enough .they
are likely tb'be — posed at the back.
The smart one . illustrated shows a
! combination of moire antique 'and:' a
mirror, velvet both' in the' soft 'dahlia
• red shades. The crown and.innerjpart
i of the brim are in the silk and • the
soft,i rich velvet* is .loosely, draped into
irregular folds and 'makes a. most, be
coming frame for the face. The
shoWs novel pointed style, s shaped
diamond wise, but with" the; back
point somewhat blunted sd : that -the
hat does not project,- but sets 'close to
the head in'Jthe ■ back. Asi de from ', t he
draped velvet the only trimmingj is a
pair 'of ; wingg : that shade from a vivid
flamingo pink- into the . deep dahlia
shades of the ' silk and velvet, and "one
WAR CORRESPONDENT
OF THE FUTURE.
In devising a Eystem of war corre
spondence it is necessary to keep in
mind two essentials — first, the right of
the public to know how a* war Is con
ducted, and, second,* the right of the
military authorities to "conceal certain
preparations, movements and at times
even results, says Frederick W. Unger
In the December Booklovers' Magazine.
To reconcile these apparently conflict
ing necessities may be difficult, but it
Is essential to try to do so. The first
step Is to provide for: the registration
of correspondents. / In ■ times of peace
the War Department should receive ap
plications for correspondents* licenses,
and after fully satisfying themselves
regarding the applicants* qualifications
the examining officials should place the
names of those found worthy upon an
approved list. When occasion arises
correspondents can then be selected
from a body of men of proved ability
and assured character.
The men thus chosen should be given
the full privileges of the fro'nt and al
lowed to write as 'they choose. Their
material should be sealed and commit
ted to 'the military authorities, to be
dispatched when these officials ■ see fit.
The matter could thus be hel« until the
official in charge was satisfied that no
harm could come to campaign opera
tions from, publication, but when pub
lished the letters should be given to the
world precisely as the correspondents
wrote them. After all, It is not im
portant that the public should know
Immediately of every movement in the
field, but it is of the highest import
ance that the military authorities
should always act with the knowledge
that^all the essential facts of their
operations will reach the public sooner
or later. Civilization needs a witness—
an unprejudiced witness— at the very
front in warfare to guard against the
grave dangers of ; a militarism which
feels itself exempt from criticism. ;
THE WISE BETTOR.
The foxy man the card surveyed
To see what horses should be played.
He picked the first, and then the second.
And knew for sure when fortune .beck
oned.
He studied thoughtfully a table
Which showed the records of each stable.
And figured out a line of .dope
Which made a certainty of hope.
There was no question" of the third;
Breakdown would win: it was absurd
For all the rest to try to start;
He knew it from hjs little chart.
The fourth was Just as big a cinch;
He had it figured to an inch.
Likewise the fifth, also the last;
The winners were as good as past. •
Now he can drive the bookies wild.
Like grabbing gumdrops from a child
'Twill be when .he invades the ring
And lays a bet on each sure thing.
But when out to the track he went.
He didn't take along a cent.
— Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
OREGON— A subscriber. Oakland.
Cal. The name Oregon is Spanish and
means wild thyme.
" CHEFU— A. S., City. Chefu, China, is
distant from Port Arthur, Manchuria,
about fifty miles on an air line.
TWO CLOCKS — H. K... City. The
diameter of the Ferry building clock
is 22 feet; thdt of the Chronicle clock
day dial 16& feet and night dial 11%
feet. '^v
RAILWAY SIGNALS— Subscriber,
City. One whistle blown by a locomo
tive signifies "down brakes": two
whistles, "off brakes"; three whistles,
"back up"; continued whistles signify
"danger"; short, sharp whistles, "cat
tle alarm."
MEXICAN WAR— Vallambrosa, Cal.
The war of the United States with
Mexico commenced April 24. 1S46, and
terminated July 4, 1848. The United
States troops engaged numbered 30,934
regulars and 73,776 volunteers, making
a total of 112,230. The estimated cost
of the war to the United States was
about $100,000,000.
DISPLACEMENT— S. J., Oakland,
Cal. Displacement as applied to war
ships is the quantity of water displaced
by the vessel. The weight of the dis
placed water equals that of the vessel.
A vessel having a displacement of 8000
tons has a tonnage capacity which is
much less. While a warship's capacity
is less than its displacement, it is tha
other way with passenger vessels.
STIRRUP CUP— Enq, City. The old
English term "stirrup-cup" is said by
Brewer in his Hand Book to have orig
inated from the custom in ancient times
of. giving a rider a parting drink after
he had mounted and had his feet in
the stirrups. In the north of Eng
land it was called "the cup at the
door." The custom of the stirrup-cup
is thus referred to by Sir Walter Scott
in "Marmion":
Lord Marmion's bugles blew to hor?e;
Then came the stirrup-cup in course;
Between the Baron and his host
No point of courtesy vat lost, j
A WIDOW— Anxious, Seattle., Wash.
When a woman marries, the best writ
ers on etiquette say, that she droos her,
maiden name given as well as family,
and is then known, as for instance.
"Mrs. John Brown." If ; she becomes a
widow she drops her. late husband's
given name and resumes her own elven
name and if it is Emma, she is known
as" "Mrs. Emma Brown." The absurdity
of addressing a widow only by the
family name she assumed on -marriage
is apparent upon Its face. If you de
sired to address a letter to her and
did not know her , home \ address, but
only that she was a resident of Marvs
villei Cal., arid should address it accord
ing • to the- suggestion of yriur friend
in England, it would be "Mrs. Brown.
Marysvllle, Cal.," arid every Mrs.
Brown In that city would claim that
letter. If you, continue to address let
ters to the lady using her. given name
you will not violate any law of eti
quette.
of thesels posed, either ; L side of the
back; the tip of the wing^ resting on
the.halrX" - ' '■■'..
Time to send Towrisend's Glace Fruits
by "Express for. Christmas.' •
Townsend's, California Glace fruit* In
artistic fire-etched boxes." 7X5, Market at.
and Wakelee's Drug, Store.'. •..
. Special ■ Information , supplied dally to
business houses and publio men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau i( Allen's). 30 Call
f orals street. Telephone Alain IMS, «
THE SMART SET
BY SALLY SHARP.
Mrs. Squire Varrick Mooney has sent
out cards for an elaborate tea to be
given to-day at her home, 2010 Broad
way, from 4 to « p. m. The rooms are
particularly adapted for entertaining
and their beauty will be increased by
quantities of tlowers. In the dainty
reception room Bridesmaid roses will
be used, their pink tint harmonizing
artistically with the delicate green fur
nishings. The large living room, com
manding a superb riew of the water,
will be filled with yellow chrysanthe
mums, while American Beauties will
adorn the dining rcom. Mrs. Mooney
wiU have assisting her Mrs. George
G. Carr, Mrs. Joseph Manuel Masten;
Mrs. Thomas J. Crothers, Mrs. Morris
Newton, Mrs. Eugene B. Grace, Mrs.
Charles R. Havens, Mrs. Lyle M.
Fletcher, Mrs. Edgar Reeve Fletcher,
Mrs. L. Eugene Lee. ,Mrs. Ira Tutt,
Mrs. Thomas Morphew, Jliss Pearl Sa
bin. Miss Irene Sabin. Miss Alice May,
Miss Lucile Levy. Miss Gertrude B.
Mills, Miss Ena Langworthy, Miss
Swigert, Miss Bessie Bates/ Miss Jen
nie MacFariane and Miss. Lillie Cal
lahan.
The dance siven by Miss Elsie Clif
ford last evening was one of the pret
tiest affairs imaginable. Holiday mer
riment combined with the happiness
always inspired by such an occasion,
a/id the spirit of pleasure was doubled.
The trees, with their festoons of favors
and lijrhts, made a brilliant nucleus
about which the young people entwined
in graceful maneuvers. Among the
guests were: Miss Maude Payne, Miss
Carol Moore, Miss Elsa Draper, Miss
Irena Sabin, Miss Dorothy Draper,
Miss Ursula Stone, Miss Charlotte Wil
son, Miss Edith Paige, Miss Gertrude
Frepse, Miss O. Moore, Miss Marjorie
Patterson, Miss Olga Atherton, Miss
Bessie Bates, Miss Marjorie Josselyn,
Miss Mary Wileox, Miss Emily John
son, Miss Francis Stewart, Miss Bur
ney Owens, Miss Lillian Williams, Miss
Krna Herrman. Miss Alma Thane. Miss
Edna Da,vis. Miss Laneel, Miss Isabel
Brewer, Miss Ruth Houghton, Misa
Margaret Hyde-Smith, Miss Sibyl
Hodges, Miss Maisie Langhorne, Miss
Edythe Treanor, Miss Edythe Paige,
Miss Eliza Kline, iliss Josephine Han
nigan, Miss Carrie Mills. Miss Mar
garet Postlethwaite, Miss Jessie Mc-
Nab, Miss Alise Warner, Miss Dorothy
Dustnn, Miss Juanita. Wells, Miss Olive
Waters, Miss Eleanor Geissler, Miss
Evelyn Clifford; Lieutenant Pratt, U.
3. A. (cavalry); Lieutenant Rockwell.
U.'-S. A. {Tenth Infantry); Lieutenant
Hanna, U. S. A. (artillery corpse; Lieu
tenant Anderson, U. S. A» (arrtillery
corps): Lieutenant Cland, U. S. N.
(Ohio); Lieutenant Robinson, IL ,S. N.
(Ohio): Lieutenant Chandler, Sidney
Salisbury, Herbert Jones, Harry Hunt,
Arthur Fennimore. Dr. Herbert Moore,
Maxwell Milton. George Field, Robert
Berkeley, Frank Brown. Arthur Ren
ton, Ernst Geary, Jack Geary, Dr. Crit
tenden Van Wyck, , Edward Gunn,
Sherwood- * Coffin,- -Alfred Holmes.
George Maguire, Germaine Vincent,
Bradley Wallace, Darrell Horn. Edgar
Zook, Frank Reynolds. Frank 'Brewer.
Du.Val Moore, Edgar Van Bergen. Ar
thu? Hooper, Charlie Merrill, William
Volkmann, Daniel Volkmann. Percy
King, Joe King, Courtney Ford, James
Cameron, George Herrick. Dr. Hale,
Gloucester Willis, John Edwards, Rich
ard Girvin. Harry Gusterson, Shirley
Houghten. George Hind, Percy Pike;
Lieutenant (VHara, U. S. A. (cavalry);
James Langhorne Jr.. Frank Reynolds,
SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
HIS IDEA.
Customer — Do you guarantee these
porous plasters for a weak back?' ,
Druggist — Yes, sir, and for several
weeks to come.
A DIFFERENCE.
He— -Ruyters Kramp has written a
new novel. ...•>..
She— Historical? A
Herbert Ero'wn. Eldridge Green. Allan
Green. Arthur Green, Philip Alexander.
Raymond Ashton, Douglas Morse, Al
bert Hates, Carl Wolf, Paige Mont
eagle. Sidney V. Smith Jr., Sherri!!
SchelL Percy Hannigan, Mr. Marrack.
Cecil Marrack. Kichard " Hammond,
Leonard Hammond, William, Goldsbor
ough. Harold Plumber, Arthur Renton.
Hewitt Davenport, Reed Baker, Clar
ence Payne, Herbert Payne. Burling
Tucker. Beverly Tucker, Arthur Geiss
ler, Sidney Ford-
One of the most delightful dances
given at the Presidio this winter took
place last night at the officers* mess of
the Tenth Infantry, with the officers of
the Twenty-flrst Infantry the hosts.
Flags and quantities of fir, sweetly sug
gestive of yuletide. gladdened th»
walls, and a merry time was oa tap for
the men and maids — the matrons, too,
for there were not a few — who were
bidden from the post and tho other
cantonments about the bay.
Miss Georgina Elizabeth Eidenmuller
was hostess at a charming dinner re
cently given at the Cecil in honor of
Miss Grace Llewellyn Jones. Thosa
who partook of Miss Eidenmuller's de
lightful hospitality besides the guest
of honor were Mrs. Llewellyn Jones,
Mrs. Irving Scott. Misa Effle Brown.
Miss Adelaide Pollock, Miss E. Alden.
Miss Edna Wemple, Mr. and Mrs. Tac
itus C. Ryland, George Whitfleld Lane.
Lieutenant J. C. Burnett, U. S. N.; Ed
ward A. Davis and Royden Williamson.
.'■; m ■■•»■' •
Mrs. Charles Joaselyn and Mrs. Rus
sell J. Wilson will take charge of a
merry party of young folks to-day for
a trir> to Tamalpais. They will lunch
there, returning by evening to Rosa
Valley, where they will be entertained
over Sunday by Mrs. John Kittle. Those
who are to enjoy this lovely outing are
Miss Helen Chesebrough, Miss Gertrude
Josselyn, Miss Emily Wilson, Miss
Charlotte Wilson, Wilberfbrce Wil
liams, Wheaton Thurston, Gerald Rath
bone, Jack Kittle and Allen Kittle.
Mrs. Theodore Hay was guest of
honor yesterday at a luncheon given
by Mrs. William Alfred Rogers, who
entertained the following guests: Mrs.
John Trouz>e Merrill. Mrs. John Rogera
Clark. Mrs. William LJndsIey Spencer,
Mrs. George A. Moore, Mrs. Ralph W.
Hart, Mrs. Frank McLennan, Mrs,
Frederick Pickering and Mrs.. Thomas
Benton Dartagh. •
Mrs. Henry Clarence Breedon enter
tained at a large bridge party yester
day.. The beautiful new home needed
no ornamentation, but violets, chrys
anthemums and roses were plenteous
and 'beautifully arranged. After the
game a few guests arrived for tea and
the afternoon was delightfully spent.
' * *
A studio tea will be held to-day by
Miss Annie Frances Briggs in her new
rooms at 639 Kearny street. The loca
tion is historic, having been inhabited
by Robert Louis Stevenson at one time
and la.teT by Bruce Porter. Miss Brigga
will hold informal receptions again on
Tuesday and Wednesday of next week.
Mrs. William Benton WUshire and
Miss Jane Wilshire held an "at home"
yesterday afternoon.
Miss Cornelia Kempff will be maid of
honor at the- Driscoll- Bacon wedding,
which will take place in Santa Bar
bara in January-
FEARFUL.
Football Captain — - Hurrah! We
came out on top of the heap.
Manager — Judging from your ap
•pearance. I should say you came" out
at the bottom of the heap.
SUCH YISIOXS!
First Tramp— Does yer believe. in
dreams? . \
Second Tramp— Sure, when FmAPVEKTISEMEgrTS.
AWARDED TO
Uuud dllll bllUuUldlG
AT THE
World's Fair, St. Louis
The Leader for
124 Years
The highest award ever given in this Country.
pj£^ ? You may know the gen-
time goods by this trade-
fWtyj^jjg markion every package.
/Ii | |\ Highest
If} 1 1 1 |- A Awards in
IP* ( / /»'"'--!Jl^ Europe
TRADE MARK.
Our new illustrated Recipe Book sent free. Write to
WALTER BAKER & CO., Ltd.
Established 1780. Dorchester, Mass.
TO ADVERTISEKS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition af$er 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
STOLE FROM ROOMING-HOUSES.— A
--.--(•. thief, who crave bis name aa James
Connor*, wa* booked at the Mission police
station yesterday on two charge of burglary.
Th» man entered dwelling* presumably In
Roarcfc of a room and while being conducted
through th» houses stole purses containing
money which h« found lying on bureaus. Yef
"*-<lay he vtflted the hmne of Mrs. D. B.
Brown at 8359 Eighteenth street and stole a
rurse cont&Stiiaf BO cents, whkh was found ©a
Mm when he was searched st the station.
Lat*r h* was Identified by Mrs. T. Thurmaa
at 1913 Howard street as harlng stolen a
purse containing $20 50 from her bureau.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-for Chrisfmas A
iKkior ne^I b!a.des. peart handle. 1
bra*» Hard. «xc«'.l<nUy m*d« and oi ■
refined pattern. Splendid value I
lor th« money. My $1,501
price - *** I
I have OTHER GOOD KNIVBS I
at other prices: all are of hlrh grade
and will five b*st of service.
Prices raiite from » I.OO up.
HOLIDAY WHIM GOODS
Splendid line of shoppies bags. In
all newest style* and fashionable
lrexbers. from COe up.
Also » f-.a assortment of Card I
Cafces. Wallets. Puraee and Diaries I
for 1WJ5. at popular prices. - t
Mail orders promptly filled. I
THAT MAN PITTS I
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer. . H
ICOS MARKET ST.. opp Fifth St.. I
e. F. fi
FOR WOMEN
2QTK CEirraST STEIKGE, S2.OO.
Patented March 8. . IK*.
Th« Kesult of 20 Tears' Experience.
It Is new, simple, efficient and beneficial.
2£ouey refunded If not pleased. Send stamp
:■ r ' pamphlet. Show the pamphlet to your
(irusKlet and -tell him to ret It for you. For
"kIRKWOOD RUBBER CO.. 30S Larkln et..
Salt Franeliwo, Cal.
EDWIN JOT. Drucrist. corner Kearny and
California «t«-
MRS. VAN AUKEX'S OXTOEN INSTI-
TUTE. S13 Van Ness ave.. near • EUls.
,.,.- . .. \ . . (Cut this oat.)
IpirrrrDcl CERE SICK HEADACHE.
UAHItrvo .
EErrriE Genuine Must Bear.
g IVER Fac-Simile Signature
■ PILLS. _^ — -.
M 1 /tfcc*si?%6?ztoC
ENJOYABLE TEA
IS GIVEN BY MISS
HELEN BAILEY
An enjoyable tea was given yester
day by Miss Helen Bailey at the home
of her aunt, Mrs. John Swift. Miss
Bailey entertained a large number of
friends, among whom were Miss Lutie
Collier, Miss Sarah Collier, Miss Mattie
LJvermore, Miss Elizabeth Mills, the
Misses Elizabeth and Marlon Hunting
ton. Miss Louise Redington, Miss Elsie
Sperry, Miss Gertrude Jolllffe, the
Misses Elizabeth and Ruth Allen, Miss
Margaret Wilson, Miss Elsie Dorr and
Miss Florence Gibbons. This is the sec
ond in a series of afternoon functions
that will be given by this young hostess
during the winter.
, Miss Charlotte Wilson was the hon
ored guest at a dinner given last even
ing by Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard.
Mrs. A. B. Costigan will spend the
winter in Baltimore, returning there
with her aunt. Miss McNutt, who has
been the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Costi
gan. ..;.'.:;-
WIMi DELIVER LECTURE
ON CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
BIcknell Younjc of the Chnreh "of
Christ Will Speak at the
Alhambra Theater.
A lecture on Christian Science will
be given at the Alhambra Theater to
night by Bicknell Young, C. S. B., of
the First Church of Christ. The lec
ture will treat thoroughly and clearly
of the doctrines of Christian Science.
Though the lecture Is free, part of the
floor will be reserved until 8 o'clock.
Tickets for that section can be ob
tained at Sherman & Clay's music
store.
The lecturer will try to convince
those who oppose the doctrine of his
cult. Following Is his explanation In
brief of the manner that Christian
Scientists try to cure disease:
Those who believe that mentality plays
some Dart In disease' and its cure generally
look In the wrong direction, and say that
the cures of Christian Science are affected by
mental suggestion, hypnotism, will power,
mental science, which Is spurious and not re
lated to Christian Science, or t» some other
erroneous or material belief.- Christian
Scl«"nce.-*owever. declares that It is God who
heals diseases through Christian Science,. and
they of all people know best.
GETS JUDGMENT IN SUIT
FOR AN ENGAGEMENT RING
Frank D. Knenzly Wins Case Against
Lady Who Jilted Him for
Another Man.
Justice of the Peace Daniels yes
terday rendered a default Judgment in
favor of Frank D. Kuenzly, who sued
Mrs. Mazy E. Cunha, formerly Miss
Mazy Erb. for $140, the value of a
diamond ring. Kuenzly alleged that
he had given , the ring to Miss Erb
after they, became engaged and that
on learning that she became engaged
to Joseph Cunha he demanded hid
ring back/ but she refused, to surren
der it. . - ' -. .. „ .
Mrs. Cunha filed a demurrer to the
complaint, which was overruled and
she was given until yesterday- to an
swer. She failed to put in an appear
ance and Walter Robinson., the'plain
tiff's attorney, said she . had boasted
that she had disposed of the ring. He
threatened to bring her. to court on an
order of examination.
PLANS FOR SAFETY STATION.— City En
career Woodward yesterday completed the
plans for a safety station at Market and
Powell streets. The plans show a station
similar to the one at the corner . of Market
and ftocktos ■«— *^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1904.
LOCAL COMPANY
FIGHTING TRUST
Peytons Say Powder 3Ionop
oly'Is Scheming to Ruin
What It Cannot Control
AFFIDAVITS ,rABE BEAD
Chemical Concern Declares
Its Destructiorf Is Sought
y as a Dangerous Competitor
That the powder trust la scheming to
crush a competitor that' it cannot con
trol Is the startling cause assigned by
the Peyton Chemical for the
litigation in which it has been involved
by the E. L du Pont de Nemours Pow
der Company of New Jersey.
trust Is the owner of MOO shares
of the chemical company's stock. This
has been advertised for sale for the
payment of a delinquent assessment of
130,000. The sale was to have taken
place last Saturday, but the New Jer
sey corporation grot a temporary in
junction from Judge Kerrigan, and yes
terday was set for the Peyton company
to show cause why' the 'injunction
should not be made permanent. The
hearing was not finished. It will go on
this morning:, the Peytons urging a
hasty determination because of a debt
of $113,906 25, which must be paid on
December SI. This debt is one of th«
bases of the charge of conspiracy to
wreck the local concern. It Is owed to
the Du Fonts for money loaned, and It
cannot be paid unless the Du Pont com.
pany pays its assessment on the Pey
ton shares or permits them to be sold.
If the assessment is paid the Peyton
company promises to pay the notes; if
it is not, the chemical company Bays
it will lose $293,000 In collateral, includ
ing W. C. Peyton's 1500 shares of stock,
which will give the trust its sought-f or
control. . w
These facts and many others bearing
upon the merits of the case and the
chargpes of Intent to ruin the chemical
company are set forth in the volumin
ous affidavits of the officers and direct
ors of the concern, including those of
President W. C Peyton and Secretary
J. P. Wallace, read in court yesterday.
Peyton says that he is the owner of
stock worth $257,900, upon which he has
paid the assessment of $10 a share.
TO PREVENT PAYMENT.
He declares that the suit was brought
by the Du Pont company for the pur
pose of preventing the plaintiff from
paying its debts on December 31 in tho
hope that it can thereby obtain col
lateral of the value of $293,000 and ac
quire control of the defendant corpora
tion, wreck It and thereby avoid pom
petition which would confront the trust
If the chemical company remains In
business. Peyton says he has devoted
his money and energies to his company
until it has become the largest manu
facturer of strong adds in the United
States.
He says that on November 18 a suit
was commenced in the United States
Circuit Court - and dismissed, and the
present action in the Superior Court
was -begun the day before the sale.
This, he says, Is a part of the con
spiracy to wreck the company. He says
that the Du Pont company controls the
powder business of the United States,
and a large part of its promts Is de
rived from the sale of smokeless pow
der'to the Government. The Peyton
company, he j says. Is In a position to
enter into the smokeless powder busi
ness and reduce the income of the trust.
The affiant declares that T. C. du
Pont, president, and Pierre S. du Pont,
treasurer of the Du Pont company, re
sorted to various means to acquire con
trol of the Peyton company. They made
him a proposition, which he refused,
and then, he says, he was told that the
greater company and Its subsidiary
corporations would wreck the chemical
company. He says that they acknowl
edged that they procured the California
Powder Works to repudiate a contract
for chemicals, to the damage of the
Peyton company In the sum of $570,000.
The trust owns about half the stock in
the California Powder Company. He
says, too, that they have resorted to
vexatious litigation, the creation of dis
satisfaction among customers, scurril
ous accusations and caused an attach
ment suit to be filed on a $30,000 claim
for which no demand had been made. *'
AID FOR AX ENEMY.
Then, it is said, they attempted to
gain access to the company's (books for
R. S. Pennlmaii, vice president of the
California Powder Company, an avowed
enemy and business rival of the Peyton
company. >
/Secretary Wallace's affidavit went
Into more details in regard to the neces-
Eity of the assessment, the financial
transactions and the repudiation of the
numberless charges against the com
pany made in the case In the Circuit
Court. Among other things he said
that it was charged that the oempany's
plant was not worth $300,000, when it
was worth more than $500,000 and all of
its assets amount to $1,000,000. He
quotedfrom letters from the three Du
Ponts, one ' ratifying the present man
agement and the others congratulating
Peyton on his success.
Miss Rnef to Wed To-Morrow.
The wedding of Miss Marie Ruef
and School. Director Aaron Altman
will take place to-morrow afternoon
at 6 o'clock at the California Hotel.
There will be a 'large gathering of
their friends and after the, wedding
ceremony a supper will be served.
Miss Ruef, who is a sister of
A. Ruef, attorney and politician, was
at one time a principal in the public
schools of this city and is very well
known. Mr. Altman is an artist and
business man and has a wide circle of
acquaintances among, artists and
musicians, as well as the commercial
community.
BAD TURKEYS.— Health Officer Racran has
directed Chief Inspecting-. Physician Hassler
and Market Inspectors Brown, Regan. Jordan
and McKnro* to inspect carefully the many
carloads of turkeys that are arriving: here
dally for th« holiday trade. Many of the
turkeys are said to be unfit for consumption
and in that event they will bo condemned
and destroyed. The wholesala turkey dealers
will be visited by the inspectors and 'drastic
measures taken If they persist In celling bad
turkeys. . '
POSTUM CEREAL.
I Good Bargain |
I That 1
when one trades COFFEE!
and all the old COFFEE |
_ AILS for health oh delicious g
I POSTUM I
I 10 DAYS' TRIAL PROVES I
ONLY ONE KIND
OF AUTO NAMED
Queer Specifications That
Bead "West Coast Motor
Sort" Between the Lines
BAB OTHEB MACHINES
Fire Commissioners Find
That All Bids Must-Be
Beturned to the Firms
Whether or not' Chief Sullivan of
the Fire Department will sbon ride
in an automobile or whether he. will
have to continue , to drive' behind a
trusty department, steed is a problem.
The outlook is that several weeks,
perhaps months, -will pass before the
Commissioners provide the answer,
and in the meantime the board is
troubled. \'- ; •.•"-.•-'
When the bids for furnishing one
or more automobiles for. the use of
Chief Sullivan and his assistants were
about to be opened at yesterday's reg
ular meeting Secretary . McCarthy
raised a warning hand and -proceeded
to read a- protest from the Holle Au
tomobile Company of - this . city that
offered to show that* the specifications
drawn up by the" board and adver
tised, according to law permitted the
selling to the department, of only one
class of machine — that known . as the
autocar. In the specifications cer
tain,, technical terms are used that to
a layman are somewhat bewildering,
but the Holle company was there to
show that they accurately and in the
smallest detail described an autocar
and no other automobile manufac
tured could be offered in competition
whose general make-up is not on the
autocar order.
The Holle company's protest stated
that "th« specifications are so framed
as to practically prevent any one from
bidding except the West Coast Motor
Company, agents for the car described
in the specifications. It can be seen
that only one bid can be received, and
the purpose of the charter is de
feated.",
PROTESTS PROM AGENTS. \
Attorney Charles Low, who repre
sents the Haynes-Apperson Automo
bile Company, was present in the in
terest of that concern to make the
same protest as that.framed by B. P.
Brinegar of the Holle company. There
was -a long discussion on the motion
of Commissioner Parry that all the
bids be rejected, as he desired to be
fair with all bidders. Mr. Parry also
argued 'that it was his desire and the
desire of Chief Sullivan that the test
of ejay machine offered the j city jj be
made by the department's" engineer
and superintendent of machinery-
Chief Sullivan said that he ' knew
nothing about automobiles and did
not care to be In any way responsible
for passing judgment on one. That
should be left to the officials men
tioned by Mr. Parry.
Mr. Brinegar suggested that it
would be well for the board to wait
awhile before purchasing machines,
lor the 1905 models will soon be re
ceived. Chairman J. George Boyne of
the board and Commissioner Wreden
agreed that it would be. well to post
pone action and readvertise for ten
ders. A motion to this effect was
carried. Commissioner Barrett was
not present to vote»
- The department, it was told, is in
a peculiar position regarding auto-,
mobiles. In fact, they have to have
a "chug- wagon," as buggy horses are
scarce — so' scares that It is almost
impossible to buy the particular sort
of animals required. Chief Sullivan
and his men do not like the idea of
the horse famine and would rather
climb hills' in an auto than on shanks'
mare.; .;-. .-. -;c.
APPLICATION ALLOWED.
The application of Engineer Mitch
ell for back pay waa granted. Mitch
ell was injured by a fall from a roof
while on duty and he will • get his
money and be reinstated by Chief Sul
livan as soon as. he can be placed. The
application of George Clancy ' of
Truck No. 2 for back pay was put
over for one week, but the Commis
sioners intimated that it would be al
lowed. Clancy while running to a fire
slipped, fell and fractured his elbow.
He was Incapacitated for duty for
twenty-seven days., . ' ■ •—
M. H. Heeney of Engine 18 was
granted a .leave of absence for six
months. The application of Engineer
Thomas Conners for a transfer of po
sitions was referred to Chief Sullivan.
The communication of the Spring
Valley Water Company regarding the
laying of mains on McAllister street,
near Flllmore, was .referred . to Chief
Sullivan. The Commissioners will go
to Napa on the 22d of this month to
witness the engine tests to take place
there. The application of the Humane
Society for the use of an. unused ani
mal ambulance now at the depart
ment's corporation yard was put over
one week. ,/ >.
Bids for ten engine and .five buggy
horses were received. The ten engine
horses will be furnished for $262 and
the five buggy horses for $285.
RELATIVES WANT TO GUARD '
A BRIDE -OF FORTY-FOUR
Twenty-Six- Year-Old- ; Husband Tells
Court a Cannon Could Not Slake '
Him Leave Her. "
A bride of ten days, who has passed
her forty-fourth year, and her 28-year
old husband, : who was . a New York
volunteer. ■ In the ■- Philippines > and re
cently an expressman in this city, were
in Judge Coffey's court yesterday
morning at the hearing of an applica
tion by the woman's relatives for the
appointment of. a guardian. for her es
tate." When the petition for guardian
ship, was filed a few weeks ago by
George Golder he represented that he
was acting at, the request of the cou
sins of Margretta M. -Brady. It was
alleged that she had about ' $3000 In
bank and $2000 worth of • realty and
the money had "been obtained and dis
sipated by "designing persons who were
seeking to get the remainder of the es
tate." •;-:■:-'« .
after, the application was
made Mrs. Bradr married Finnerty at
St. Domiuick's Church. It is now
charged by- the cousins, Joseph Dur
ney. and Emma Mahler, that Finnerty
has helped spend his wife's money and
is now offering her realty for sale. Mrs.
Finnerty, who looks older than her
confessed forty-four years, said she
was a native of California and that her
former husband , was dead. Judge Cof
fey decided to postpone further hear
ing for. a week and asked ■ Finnerty if
he would run away frpm his wife be
fore the case- was tried. TTou couldn't
shoot j me : away with a cannon," said
theybung soldier. 'If it hadn't been
for, ' me- she would have died, and I
guess I will stay by her,now.' f ->
ARTICLES STOLEN "FROM 'WINDOW.—
The show* window of - J. Beaujjard's store,
2S11 Greenwich street, was broken early yes
terday ; morning. -.Policemen Fella ■ and Barker
made the discovery and notified the pro
prietor, who - found that : a ■ bridle and : three
revolvers had bean stolen. They were valued
WILL CONDEMN
RESERVOIR SITE
Supervisors Think Price Put
on Twin Peaks Land Is
r Too High and Beject Offer
PLAN FOB NEW LIBBABY
Committee Unable to Decide
on -Either of the Twa
Blocks UnderConsideration
The Supervisors' joint Finance, Fire
and Utilities Committee yesterday re
ceived an offer from the Market and
St^nyan Streets Land 'Company to sell
to the city forty-seven acres of land on
Twin Peaks as a reservoir sit* for an
auxiliary high-pressure water system
for increased fire f protection at 12000
per acre. The committee regarded
the price as too high and after reject-
Ing the offer directed the City Attor
ney to begin at once condemnation
proceedings under the law of eminent
domain for the acquisition of tho land
required for the reservoir site. "'
Before taking action the committee
asked O. D. Baldwin, president of the
company, If he could not get a lower
offer from his board of directors,
Baldwin raplied: "A less pric* cannot
be obtained and If condemnation pro
ceedings are brought they will be
fought to the bitter end."
The joint committee on Finance
and Utilities considered the selection
of a site for the new Public Library.
The call for the bond issue election
designated Western Addition block No.
67, bounded by Van Ness avenue,
Polk, Grove and, Fulton streets, as
the site, while the Public Library Trus
tees formally decided in favor of block
73, bounded by Van Ness avenue.
Franklin, Fell and Hayes, streets^
B. R. Taylor, a Library Trustee,
made a strong plea for. the selection
of block 73 as a site, declaring it pos
sessed excellent natural advantages.
He was followed by Trustees J. B.
O'Connor, who said the Trustees were
unanimous in favor of the block. J.
D. Phelan, on behalf of the San Fran
cisco Adornment Association, indorsed
the choice of the Library Trustees be
cause it would be in the civid center
of the city and would be advisable In
view of the possible extension of the
park panhandle to Market street at
some future date.
C. G. Hooker urged the purchase of
block 67, he representing some rela
tives who own a portion of the block.
Hooker produced a plan prepared by
O. H. Burnham. civic architect of the
Adornment Association, in' which' block
6C, bounded by McAllister, Fulton and
Polk streets and Van Ness avenue, was
fixed upon for the site. W. Magee
said block- 73 should be bought for
$586,000 and J. A. Jones said block
67 could be purchased for $647,000.
Supervisor Hocks' motion to select
block 73 was seconded by Connor, but
was withdrawn after the committee
decided to defer action for one week.
PACIFIC UNDERWRITERS
' TO CONVENE IN JANUARY
Addresses to Be Made by Experts Re
latins to Conditions Kxtstfag j
on the Coast.. r >. ,
The twenty-ninth annual meeting of
the Underwriters' Association ot the
Pacific "will be held at the assembly
room of the association on January
10 and 11. Announcement is made by
President J. L. Fuller that an inter
esting programme will be provided;
Leading underwriters will discuss
matters relating to insurance and the
problems that are connected therewith.
Prepared papers will be read. Recom
mendations are annually made at the
meeting of the underwriters and a
comprehensive review is made of the
conditions on this coast OfBcers are
to be elected to serve for twelve
months.
PAT.B FOR BENEFIT OF MA RIB KIP
ORPHANAGE. — There will be a sals of In
dian baskets and fancy articles for Christmat
gifts at the Hotel San Marco, on Taylor
street near Post, Monday afternoon and even
ing, for th» benefit of the Maria Kip Orphan
ace. s
poAy's pills.
ARE Y0U_8ATISFIED ?
I Hot, Wlat Better Proof Can
Sao FranciSGO Resiflents
.jtir Far 9 v
This, is the. statement of a San
Francisco ~ citizen.'
■:; The 'testimony, of a neighbor.
You can readily investigate it.
The proof should convince you.
"C.-H. Swain, mining engineer, of
3947 Clay street, says: "It is three
or four years. since I first noticed
pain in ; ray back antl other marked
symptoms of kidney, complaint. I
thought, the . first attack would pass
away as mysteriously as it came, and
it- probably did, but only to be' suc-
ceeded by another of longer dura-
tion and more acute. By and by- the
attacks were more persistent and the
pain more pronounced, until finally it
was a difficult matter to me to attend
tot my daily duties. When suffering
from one of these attacks, almost by
accident I^happened to read an ad.
about Doan's Kidney Pills and I usad
three boxes. They certainly acted
with me as the advertisement stated.
From the beneficial results received I
have a very high estimate of Doan's
Kidney Pills." ■
; For sale by all dealers. Price 50c
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.,
sole agents- for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute. ,
A SENSIBLE MOTHER
Proud of her children's teeth, consults a
dentist and learns that the beauty of perma-
nent teeth depends on the care taken of the
first set.
SQZODQNT
Liquid and Powder
should be used. The Liquid to psnetrate into
the little crevices and purify them; the
Powder to polish the outer surface and pre-
vent tho accumulation of tartar.
a nnnuai » «<twT\ r***YltT** rr * Bins. .'
- ■ ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
I ' Largest* Stock, of I
\\ Si Km rm «sr*m frr*W 5 £f SsW "■• ™ •
a In no other stock in California have you selection g
H from as many pianos as are found in our store, and y
H there are upward of a dozen different makes. fi
. • / «p»«»||»»JbbWs%»t \
I •* — I
We couldn't possibly gire all of the prices here, but
you'll do yourself a positive injustice to buy until you
have at least visited onr store. Elegantly designed
styles, brand-new pianos, at $200, $225, to $250, $275,
$300 and up. Used pianos, many of the good old makes,
$135, $145, to $150, $175 and upward. Square pianos
Any piano selected cow may be 'exchanged for any new
and higher grade piano, and at regular prices, too, if selection
made now docs not prove entirely satisfactory. Nothing could
be fairer than this. Not one penny extra added to onr prices
if yon buy on time. II
KOHLER ®, CHASE I
ESTABLISHED 185O 1
(The Largest Maiic Honse on the Coast.) II
Cor. Post* and Kearny Streets jj
LOOK AT THE NAMES 1
HERRMANN THE GREAT
Assisted by Maria Herrmann: ▼«xnon;
Ford Sister*; Dillon Brothers, and Or-
pneun Motion Pictures. Snowinr "The
Ex-Coavlct."
I-aat Times of Miss Mary Staw and
Company; Howard'* Comedy Soars and
Ponies: Marvelous Prank and iittla
Bob. and Phyllis Allen. '
Reralar Matlne«s Every "Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— iQc, 85o and 60c
** CALIFORNIA %
fj MATINEE TO-DAY |
3 AUL XE7CT WEEK. If
B ROSE MELVILLE I
U In Bar Famous Original CrtaUem §3
I SIS I
I HOPKINS I
H Christmas "Week— "8HORB ACHES." I
OPERAf iYHU HOUSE
TO^V^TPTTT• the superb
-IN lli lil gu&isr""
KING
SEATS ALWAYS 6JELLIXO.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAT.
A T »T1 A T AD B«lasc» A Mays*
ALCAZAR Krgrpss;
___ General Jtanag-jr.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-DAT AND SUN.
"A big success." — Examiner.
"A delightful play."— Post.
••It is most enjoyable."— Call.
Howard P. Taylor's Delightful Comedy,
CAPRICE
Minnie Maddern Flske's First Success,
Ev'fl 25c to COc. Mats. Sat. and Sun.. 25c to BOe
Next Monday — Sol Smith's Russell's Comedy.
PEACEFUL VALLEY
JOHN CRAIQ AS HOSEA HOWE.
Christmas Week— Sxtra Mat.. Mon.. Dee. 28.
LOST RiyER
Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
Last- Two Nights.
Tremendous Production of the Best Scenic Show
on Russian Life and Cruelty
LOST IN SIBERIA
! The Beautltul Palace! The Snow-bound Death
Line! The Fearful Prison and Wonderful Es-
cape! Strategy. Cunning, Intrigue, Comedy
Charmingly " Intermingled.
, POPULAR PRICES — Evenings lOo to BOo
Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
jirext Monday — "TWO LITTLS WAXPS."
ifiacii! j|& Baciii!
New .Ml*' Jockey
California F$ Clob
OAKLAND TBACZ.
Commercing SATURDAT. November 13.
Racing every week day. rain or shine. I
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
CBOCXEB SELLING STAKES. S2000
Added, to Be Ban Saturday. Deo. 17. -
For special trains stopping at the track take
8. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and '™-
medtately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. . !_
ii- ■-.-,■- T"- : ",
Palace dontfailto
luiavw gce the beauti f U i
1 COURT Lounging
anfl room, the EMPIRE
UI1W Parlor, the 4
r J PALM ROOM, the
iiranfl louis xvpar.
ui uuu LOR^ and the 1Ji
' H J.^1-. DIES* WRITING
i Motels room.
_ ; . .AMXJSEMEXT3. J
«sP>« i 'w^*^Bsa2fiEnZSZ«B»w
TONT UJBELSKI, General acaaaa-er.
Is It • wonder that wa ar» tarnla* peopU
* w ajr at «t«tt performanea?
Tea really remarkabl* acts.
Eqnal to »ny la America or Europ*
PEOPLE'S
OPULAR
RICES
lOe and 2Oe— Jfo Hlxhcr.
Children to any part of th« theater lOeu
Pertormaace every afternoon at 2?Sa E*erV
™*to* « T:30 and 9. Continuous Sa^SJ.
and Sunday matinee, from 2 to ft aa<J 7tolU :
Btartllng-. ne^* European morlnr pictnrea,
sf*f)l IIHDIA m ntwKcoi
UUsLUmHIA IDffiRQ THEA-.ffi,
MATISTTB TO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TlilEX
Th* Merry. Tuneful Musical Comedy.
A CHINESEJONEYMOON
TO-MORROW (SUN.) NI6HT
JCCJ^W St EELAHOEB PSZSZUTT
THOS. Q. SEABROOKE
la ths Spectacular Musical Fare* N'ortitr.
THE BILLIONAIRE .
IOO COMTANT— SEAT3 READT.
GRAND £32
MATETBES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW
TO-NIGHT AND NEXT WEEK
WILLIAMS
!? E^ IN DAHOMEY
LAST FEKFOKMAXCB NT3CT SATC1U
DAY NIGHT. DEC. 24.
ggS BLANCHE BATES
H. "W. BISHOP. LenM and Manager.
TONIGHT *[&& TO-IMICHT
23c and 5O©— Matlne* To-day— 23c and BOe
OLIVER MOROSCO OFFERS
HOWARD GOULD. J. H. GILMOTJR
And the Exceptional Majestic Co. la
Mr. Potter of Texas
NEXT— "JDX BLUD6O."
Christmas TTe«k — "a CONTENTED
WOMAN X
In Preparation — "TN OLD HEIDELBBniO.'*
Evg. Prices. 25o to 75c. Mats.. 23o to 80a
A Splendid Riow Every Afternoon and
Evenlne in th» Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO* SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
TUB REIGNING SENSATION OF CONET
ISLAND and th* WORLD'S FAIR.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
Electric Fountain Display To-Xttff&t. <
Besinnlns To-morrow Afternoon.
PRINCESS FAN TAN.
ADMISSION 10c ! CHILDREN Bn
mSCEULtAXEOUS AMUSESIEyTS.
ALHAMBRA
TO-DAY it 3 d'cloca.
Mon.. Dec. 1». at S:15 P. M. ?
Wed.. Dec M. at 8:15 P. M.
Oakland. Dec 33. liat.
Paderewski
RESERVED SEATS EELLTNO
SHERMAN. CLAY * CO. '8
$2.50. $2.00. $1.50. $1.00.
Stelnway Piano Used.
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Bicknell Young. C. S. B. t of Chicago, mem-
ber of the Christian Science Beard of Lecture-
ship of the First Church of Christ, Scientist.
In Boston. Mass.. will lecture on Christian
| Science in the Alhambra Theater. Saturday
ercnins. t^ecctnb*r 17. at S:15 o'clock. Admis-
sion Is free and ' the public Is cordially lnrltM.
THE WEEKLY CALL
©l cer Year.
910
HANDBALL ATTRACTS MANY ATHLETES TO THE VARIOUS COURTS THROUGHOUT THE CITY
ALBION ROVERS
PLAY VAMPIRES
Great Game of Association
Football Is Programmed
for Idora Park Sunday
HOBNETS VS. PICKWICKS
Occidental Eleven to Line
Up on Alameda Cricket
Ground Against Eagles
Three matches will be played to-mor
row fcr the championship. of the Cali
fornia Association Football League for
the season of 1904-1905, one at Idora
Park, Oakland, one at Freeman's Park, j
Golden Gate, and the third on the j
cricket ground, Alameda.
The Occidentals are matched against
the Eagles, the ball to be kicked off at
2:30 p. m. at Alameda, with C. W. Irish j
as referee. At 2:30 the Albion Rovers
■will meet the Vampires at Freeman's
Park, Hugh Williamson being the
referee. On the grounds at Idora Park,
Oakland, the Hornets will line up at i
2:30 p. m. against the Pickwicks, Nor
man Logan being the referee.
As the Hornets should win easily
from the Pickwicks and the Occiden-,
tals are pretty certain to prove supe
rior to the Eagles, the closest and most
Interesting game will be that between
the Albion Hovers and the Vampires.
Last Sunday the Oakland Hornets and
the Vampires provided the only tie .
match that has been played during the
present season. The Albion Rovers,
playing with only ten men after the
fir«t few minutes, scored 6 goals to 2
against the Pickwicks. The Occidental-
Kagle teams r.ill line up in the follow
ing order:
Occidental*. Position.*. Ragl*s. '
RuslHca Goalkeeper Walkup
it'Mi- Right back Bennett
Tirrn*»y Left back T. Schuite
Andersen Kight halfback. .Dirks <capt.)
Allen Center halfback Lanes st?r
Milne Left halfback .Kis*r
Outeide right W. Schulte
Oracle Inside right L.r<r
T. S. Lydon Center forward Churcnill
J. Ttyior Inside left J. Croll
Hodge Outside left Harrcwer
There was some doubt whether Glar
ner would be able to take his place on
the halfback lino last Sunday for the
Vampires, as during the week previous
he had his left ribs in a plaster cast,
but he played the game, wearing a
fctrong bandage. He will certainly take
part in to-morrow's match. * The Vam
pires and Albion Rovers will occupy
th<? following positions:
Vampires. ' Positions. Albion Rovers.
Rolfe Goalkeeper McPherson
■\Vaeb»r Ripht back John
Prtrrst-n Left back Jennings
Harwood Right halfback . ...Drummond
Turner Center halfback F!ayn*
<;iarner IW. halfback And*r«on
L<?*s .. . . . .Outside • right BiaTley
I>. Lecoutieur. ..Inside right Whyte
liamfden Center forward Ainsworth
\V. Robertson. ..Inside left McAnhur
1Vi'.dlr.s Outside left Shand
The Oakland Hornets, after a bad
start, have gathered a team that* con
tains some of the strongest individual
players in the league, and that will be
an important factor in the contest for
the championship. Their first victory
was won when they defeated the Occi
dentals, who had not lost a match, on
the 4th inst. at Idora Park. Last Sun
day the Vampires could not score
against them. The teams will occupy
the following positions to-morrow:
Pickwicks. Position?. Oakland Hornets.
W. T. Bowcock . Ooalkeeper Barrett
McKee Right back Gtllchn st i
A. H. Bowcock . . Lef t back Murphy !
Wattrrs Right halfback H. Bird
BowcJen -Center halfback Duncan :
McClelland J>fi halfback R. Taylor '
Robertson Outside right T. Disher
Warren Inside right R. Disher
Banks Center forward McKenzie '
Inganni Inside left J. Smith
Moon Outside left ElmMie
The Independents keep their place at
the head of the championship table of
the league, having scored five victories
out of six matches, whereas the Albion
Rovers, though they have the same
number of points, have played seven
matches. The standing of the clubs
for the championship is shown in the
table :
California Association Football League.
1&04-1905:
STANDING OF CLUBS DECEMBER 17. 1004.
■ • I Matches. \ Gcals. I —
1 I, £
•9 Ss r c •si > 2.
CLUBS. I" § | | % \ ."
Independent* .. C 5 j| oj 33 f 10 I«
Albion Rovers 7 5 2 1 0' 25; 9 10
Occidentals 4 3| 1 0 13 4 «1
Vampire* S 2 2} 1 7 10 S
Oakland Hornets 4 1 2 1 3 10 3
Pickwicks C 1 8 O 4 30 2
Eagles 4 Oj 4 O| 4 16 v
Though no regularly scheduled
matches will be played on Christ
inas day. practice games against
the Pirates* eleven and the team of the
Seamen's Institute will be played on
the 26th inst. The Occidental eleven
will play a match of association foot
ball against the Parnells, champions of
the Gaelic game, on Monday, the 26th
inst.
GOLFERS MEET IX MATCH
ON HAPPY VALLEY DINKS
Representative Teams of Menlo Park
and San Rafael Clubs Play
This Afternoon.
An invitation golf match over
eighteen holes will be played to-day
between teams of nine men represent
ing the Menlo Park Golf Club and the
San Rafael Golf Club on the course
of the latter in Happy Valley. The
players will go over to San Rafael on
the 11 a. m. broad-gauge boat and" will
lunch at the San Rafael Golf Club
hcuse. Play will begin at 1:30 p. m.,
each match counting one point for the
team by whose representative it is
won.
The nine representatives of the
Menlo Park Golf Club are Eyre, Gir
vin. Oyster, Spencer. Nichols, Redding,
Selby. Moore and GIrvin Jr.
The San Rafael Golf Club will be
represented by. Ldlley,, Davis, Crooks,
Heazelton, Hellman. Casey, Sutro, Cur
tis and Pinckard.
On Tennis Courts.
There are some promising young
players at the California Club at pres
ent. George Janes, Herbert Long: and
Carl Gardner have come to the front
rapidly and will be prominent in fu
ture championship events. Of the
younger ■ players Melville Long and
Harold Gabrielare the most promis
ing.
The wet- weather has interfered
with the continuous tournament and
but few matches have been played.
Ceorge Cutter is at the top of the
third class. He drew fourth place and
feas beaten the three men who drew
Above him. He has challenged Dr.
Tounger, who is at the foof of the
•econd class.
GUNMEN ENJOY
GREAT SPORT
Find Ideal Weather Condi
tions on the Marshes and
Return With Big Strings
MANY HAVE THE LIMIT
Good Shooting Is Expected
Again This Week, as Ducks
Are Plentiful Everywhere
Ideal weather conditions for duck
shooting prevailed last Sunday, with
the result that the legions of sports
men on the marshes had the best day's
sport of the season. There .was a light
rain falling and a good wind -blowing,
which kept the birds on the move, and
they worked well for the guns. The
same conditions prevailed throughout
the district shot over by the sports
men from this .city, with the result
that all returned, heavily laden with
game. As the weather conditions re
main favorable the owners of preserves
expect to duplicate the strings of can
vasbacks, mallard, teal and sprig which
fell to their guns last week.
If the favorable weather continues
the gunmen anticipate great sport dur
ing the Christmas and New Year holi
days.
Up at the Miramonte Club, preserve
at Burdells, near Petaluma, limit bags
were the rule. Among the members in
the blinds were J. Homer Fritch, Mr.
Mac-Arthur and R. C. Rosenberg'.
The Alameda Gun Club men. includ
ing Harry Haight, Norton, Bolander
and others, all had the limit.
Down Alvarado way nearly every
man on the marsh had fifty ducks to
bring home.
Four members of the Multnomah
Club secured a Joint bag of 150 birds,
principally mallard, at their Collins
ville preserve. '
Joe Ross of Antioch killed fifty gad
well. This is a big, palatable gray
duck, which is not seen here in large
numbers.
J. Wilson Bannatyne shot at Giant
some days since and brought down
twenty "cans."
Otto Feudner and Edwin Forster shot
on a preserve near Suisun last Sunday.
The former secured fifty ducks, of
which thirty were "cans." Mr. Forster
was not so successful, his total being
seventeen. .
On Tomales Bar the "cans" seemed
the only birds moving. C. Schmidt and
a friend killed 100 of these, which were
the only ones that came their way.
E. Gamble killed the limit on Peta
luma Creek, his string consisting of
sprig and teal.
Clarence Xauman, Ed Drake. Billy
V PhtomS^v^h^WS^J? 1^ olympi c club who are taking part is- the tournament now in
Wattle's and Charles Laing averaged
forty birds to the guri on the U. M. C.
preserve at Collinsville. Mr. Nauman
was also out on Wednesday with Mr.
Hull . of Seattle^ and > each had good
eport. Mr. Hull was stationed on the
best pond and had a great shoot". His
string was chiefly made up of "cans.v
C.^Hoffman killed forty-two bluebills
and cans out of a floating blind near
San Pablo last Sunday. -.-.>,
Billy Hynes, Julius Bruns and Jack
Karney secured a" mixed bag of sixty
five mallard, • "cans," - teal . and sprig
near Suisuh. .
.■•;■ ■ - . ■ ■■..-. • - - - ■• ■ : ■ •■ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY,: .DECEMBER 17, 1904.
CROSS-COUNTRY
RACE PROPOSED
Vampire Football Players
Challenge Olympics for- a
Four - Mile Competition
COVET PEEPETUAL CUP
Their Runners Are Already
in Training for the Con
test Over the Fields
A team made up of five' members of
the Vampire Association Football Club
has challenged the Olympic Athletic
Club for the perpetual four-mile cross
country cup won by the Olympics two
years ago.
The Vampire team consists of W. W.
Robertson, D. M. Lees, A.. A. Glarner,
Knight Pearson and J. Nolan. W. W.
Robertson was cross-country cham
pion of "West Scotland. A. A. Glarner
is a Frenchman by birth, but was edu
cated in England, and is well known
as a runner there and in France. At
a recent meeting of the Gaelic League
at Ingleside he won all the four run
ning races at distances from 100 yards
to the half-mile. D. M. Lees is a fast
runner and shows excellent form.
The Vampire team is already prac
ticing for the contest,^which, it is ex
pected, will take place on Washing
ton's birthday. :
TWO STAKES ARE CARDED
AT UNION COURSING PARK
Class Event Attracts Eirfit. of. the
Fleetest Coursers Now in
Training.
Two stakes will be decided to-mor
row at Union Coursing Park and some,
exciting competition is expected. The
likely winners look to be:
Class Stake — Belle Free, Richard Anton,
McVey, The Referee.
Reserve Stake — Miss 'Lucille, Quicksand,
Lib-rator, Medea, Bob R., Doc Burns. Bel
fast, Ourazzo, General Dewet, Belle Marie,
Anna Ryne, McHenry,- Idaho Hoy, Rush Away.
Mount Rose. Runaway Actress, Mickey Free,
Jlgamaroo. Aeolus, 1 ' Stingaree, Renegade
Apache, Racing Auto. Little Mercy, lone H1U.
Frank Dwyer, C. A. Miller and J.
Noonan each killed the limit on spoon
ies at Alvarado last Sunday.- Fred Es
terbrook was also among the successful
ones. there, getting the. limit, the most
of his string being teal. "
Ed Schultz and Henry: Jensen killed
thirty ."cans" arid eight teal on San
Pablo Bay. v
OLYMPIC CLUB MEMBERS
IN TOURNAMENT PLAY.
Coast':.Champi6inishjip;;-.1j^Aririanged
Probably the most popular indoor
game at - the .present time is handball.
In every athletic institution, in this city
and vicinity the Irish game Is,ln full
swing and hundreds of players- are de
veloping, their eyes and their, muscles
chasing the elusive ball. ; At- the Olym
pic Club: fully "1000 •members" are
devotees of the . game. ■ There are four
handball courts, and these are general
ly ' crowded. ! Three of • the courts
a re . used ; exclusively It for s : the .'; soft
ball,' while "the fourth is for "the. hard
ball only. The latter cost* $4000 and
is, conceded to be the finest .in the
world. . •
■ At the present time a soft-ball tour
nament is in progress at the Olympic
Club. Unfortunately the seating capa
city Is too small to accommodate the
members who are anxious to see thp
experts in competition. In the first
class are such experts as Henry Russ,
Louis Levy, Fred Baine, Monroe
Green, Tom Powers, Adolph Pockwitz
and Bogan. These men are able to
.play fast and control the ball, "killing"
at, will. . The second class has such
good men as G. S. Kroger, a rising
•young player; Guy Ransome, Clarence
Clough. Fred Sherry, Hugo Poheim and
a score of others. Lester Hammer
smfth, -Frank Hooper, Walter Young,
William McCarthy and at least twenty
others are in the. third class. The tour
nament is likely to last at least three
weeks. The victor in the first class will
be awarded a handsome medal and
will also be given an opportunity to
play the club's champion, Al Hampton,
for a handsome silver cup. Fred Baine
is picked to win the first class, with
Monroe • Green runner-up. Both men
play exceptionally "l strong games and
are rivals for soft-ball honors. , ,
The games played so far in the tour
nament have been highly exciting. The
rivalry is keen and the athletes are
puttirg forth their best efforts to get
inside the money. . The committee in
charge is an energetic one and the In
terest, will not be allowed to flag.
Games are scheduled three nights a
week anrl on Sunday afternoons. Henry
Cory, the coming ; champion hard-ball
player, is referee. Al Hampton and
Louis Levy alternate as scorers.
The men who play hard-ball are
looking, forward to'the tournament to
begin in January -for the championship
of the coast. . Four members will be
selected by the Olympic, St. Ignatius,
Sacramento, Stockton and ,. Occidental
handball clubs. The games will be
played in the various courts of the city
and. vicinity. The games will.be singles
anc} the club winning the largest num-
x ber .. of games ; in > the ; series . will be
. awarded a j handsome " silver cup. The
[Olympic Club will be represented by
Al Hampton," Henry Cory, . George
Jsimes and Louis Levy.: These men are
considered the best hard-ball players
in the city. . They: have been playing
the \ game for many years and will
fittingly represent the winged -"O."
The - Occidental' Club will send ; Joe
Condon, Judge Haynes, Skelly and John
Mahoney into 'the- court. These men
are experts An their line, and will, give
the ". Olympics a hard tussle for first
honors. All 'the men mentioned will' go
into training, and ■ the /devotees of the
Irish game' will see some splendid con
tcsts.^^tSaggfegaiMl&dBSBftiBflBPB
■'The - skeleton . alone, of. an average
whale weighs twenty-five tons.
ELECTION TIME
AT BOAT CLUBS
Dolphin and Ariel Bowing
Men Choose New Officers
to Manage Their Affairs
MASQUERADE TO-NIGHT
Amateurs on Coast to Be
Classified by the Pacific
Association of Oarsmen
The annual or semi-annual elections
of officers of .the various rowing cluba
on the bay of San Francisco take place
at this season. The members of the
Ariel Rowing Club held their annual
meeting and election of officers early
in the week, the former directors being
almost without exception re-elected.
There was a large attendance and the
results of the election caused general
satisfaction, as the members feel that
the club's interests have been well
served. The officers for the coming
year are: John J. von Staden, presi
dent; James M. O'Connell, vice presi
dent; Johnson Hardy, treasurer; Eu
gene Flanders, financial secretary;
Charles McAuliffe, recording secretary;
Charles Wilson, captain; Frank Loth,
lieutenant captain; N. A. Denvir, WiU
liam Hund, Joseph Lewis, Herman
Opeldt and Edward Stack, directors;
Edward . J. Lynch, delegate to the Pa
cific. Association of the Amateur Ath
letic Union, with Eugene Flanders and
James Wilson as alternates.
The new boathouse of the club, near
the Arctic Oil Works, is nearly com
plete inside, the locker rooms and sola
rium being improvements that are ap
preciated highly. The club is in a
sound financial condition and has ac
quired several new boats recently. The
new officers will be installed at a din
ner to be held next month. "ladies'
day" will take place early next year at
the boathouse.
| The semi-annual ' meeting and "elec
tion of officers of the Dolphin Swim
ming and Boating Club was held dur
ing the present week and resulted In
the "election of the following to serve
during the coming half year: T. J.
Kennedy, president; J. J. Cronln, vice
president; August Bertrand, recording
secretary; Frank Staib, financial secre
tary; Adam Schuppert, treasurer;
Charles Barthold, sergeant at arms;
Val Kehrlein, captain; C. M. Farrell,
lieutenant captain; William Remens
perger, Henry Pernau and C. C. Ken
niff, members of the board of directors;
William Harris and S. Vicinl, members
of the executive committee; 'A. P.
Rothkopf, A. W. Pape and W. O. Patch,
delegates to the pacific Association of
the 'Amateur Athletic Union; H. Mc-
Kevitt, T. R. DiKon and W. ; Harris,
delegates; to the Pacific Association of
Amateur Oarsmen.
V'A meeting of the Pacific Association
of Amateur Oarsmen was held during
the week at the Columbia Bowling Al
leys. /The constitution and by-laws as
drafted by the committee appointed for
,that purpose were read, section by sec
tion, and adopted. They follow the con
stitution and, by-laws of the National
Association of Amateur Oarsmen, with
some changes to adapt them to the con
ditions present here. Committees are at
work on the classification of oarsmen
and the preparation of rules to govern
regattas. The next meeting of the'as
sociation will be held on Tuesday even-
Ing, January 3, 1905.
EXPERTS DRAW
FOR PARTNERS
Tennis Officials Plaj Novel
Conditions for Christmas
Day Event on the Courts
PLAYEES. OF PKOMISE
California Club Youngsters
Are Coming to the Front
With Marked Sapidity
There will be no tennis tournaments
of importance until Christmas day.
when a scratch doubles event will be
held on the California Club courts.
This is the first scratch event sched
uled for the club courts in many
months. It is scratch in name only.
Partners will be drawn by lot and
there is little chance of the best play
ers drawing together. An event of
this kind will be novel and interest
ing, as the element of luck cuts a
prominent figure.
There has been an epidemic of
handicap tournaments In the last year
and the better players have not been
shown the consideration due them. It
is a great strain to give large handi
caps and an occasional scratch event
would not be amiss.
Twenty-three players have already
affixed their names to the entry list,
which should total forty players be
fore the drawing takes place. The
following have entered:
C. J. Smith. Albert Kenyon. Ray SpltvaUo,
Sherwood Adams, Grant Smith, W. G.
Know, ton, Paul Jones. H. Sprint. SamuM
Hopkins. Harry Rolfe. Herbert Jone», C.
Ames, E. P. Robbing. R. B. Dareett. B. F.
Nourse, Alden Ames. Bradley Wallace. Dr.
Lov«(jrove. Herbert Lonjr. Melville Lons. A.
E. B^yfuss, Augustus Taylor and Spencer
Grant.
On New Year's day the annual class
singles tournament will be played.
This is one of the club's most-Import
ant events during the year and one
the players are looking forward to
with great interest. Class tourna
ments have always been popular and
it would be a good plan to hold one
every three or four months, Ju$t who
is the best man in each class Is a
question that each and every player
would like to have decided.
It will be a difficult task for the
committee to classify the players. In
the continuous tournament the- . play
ers have been put into classes, but it
Is not intended for a correct'classifi
cation. It is doubtful if there are
more than two really first class men
in the club, but the chances are many
who belong properly in the second
class will play in the first. Many of
the players are evenly matched and it
would be a difficult matter to pick the
club's best man. Dr. Chesney.is con
sidered by many to be the cleverest
player, but he would have • no easy
time beating men like Allen. Janes,
Collier, Hill. Gardner and Long.
Merle Johnson leaves for New York
to-day. Will Allen will remove to the
same city early In January. This will
take two good men from the first
class and will send those below them
up a number or. two. ■
Bush and Cornell, the two players
who head the list, will not meet to-
m r?n r °£* », S bo L h w111 be out o* town.
Win Collier has challenged George
Janes, and they will play to-morrow.
Janes Is number three and Collier
number four. Mitchell, Adams and
Gardner, who are at the bottom of
the first class, should soon be near the
top. The standing of tbe players fol
lows: •■ dnsKsfli
jJJ^ 1 , cla "- Xo - 1- R- B. Cornell: 2. Dr.
Rtnit*.. " y~ n: E. U J J 4 * 1 " 1 * Johnson; 12. C. J.
l^sN/.-AJam!: MltCheU; "' C * rt Gartne '-
Dr.^cu"ser': "• *" Ul ■••*«"• *•
.Third clays— No. 1. George Cutter: 2. Moul-
£ ' 5> . «• &' Pwnnett: «. Si>«nc«r Grant;
i, Samuel Hocklns: 8. C. G. Kuehn.
iJSi U . rt , h £ !ajt8 — 2° t - l..Jud*» Troutt; 2. H.
r£ v »• ;Harry Sullivan;. 4. B. IvancoTlch: 5.
Dr. Nobla; «. &i. Little; 7, h. Spring- * Wtl
"»» ur Pl»" ». C. Ravlin; 10. #To. Knowi
13, R. B. Datzett;.14, B. Wallac*.JENKINS WINS FROM BUZAYELL ON FOUL AFTER FIERCE BOARD
GLENDENNING RUNS UNPLACED
FIVE FAVORITES AT OAKLAND TRACK GO ASTRAY
PROBABLE WINNERS
THIS AFTERNOON.
IJY FRHD K. MILIIOLI^\XD.
First race— Isabellita. Fllle
dV»r. Sc*otsriuin.
Jjcc-oad rt»ce — Pdham, Man-
s=rd r Torolawe .
. Third mcc — Uttlc Wally, G.
W. Trahern. Colonel Andeirson.
Fourth race — Jennings sta-
ble, Ananias. Military 31an.
Fifth rac* — Honiton, Iridius,
Thr 1j<!) Rohpsia.
Sixth race — Hooligan, Del
Carina, Cardinal Sarto.
W. R, Condon Fur
nishes Surprise.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAN
There is a way to explain the de
feat of the five beaten favorites at
Oakland yesterday, with the excep
tion of Glendennlng. That Is a dif
ficult task. To think that this speed
marvel should be outfooted and. then
run unplaced in a five-furlong jaunt
almost furpasse belief. But he, did,
and Frank Sullivan rode him. The
youngster unquestionably did the best
he could, but Frank .has lost his form
and needs. a rest. He cannot do him
self Justice. Glendenning went to the
post favorite for the fifth number,
heavily played at 3 to 5. He did not
outfoot Pickaway, and finally faded
away altogether. The winner made
himself known in Louis Ezell's bay
horse W. R. Condon, which closed
strong under Larcen's vigorous hand
ling, collaring and beating Pickaway
a neck in 1:01 flat. Old Matt Hogan
ran third. The odds about the wfn
ner receded from 8 to 10 to 1.
FOUR FAVORITES ROUTED.
Among other favorites put to route
were Phalanx. The Gadfly. Colonel
Van and Stilicho. The track .was
good, but not fast. The different
fields possessed little or no class,
which in a measure accounts for the
many d'sasters.
It finally took John Bullman to
land Harry Stover's big colt, George
P. McNear. a winner. Harry permit
ted "Bull" to carry a whip in the
opening event, an infringement of his
stable rule, and when McXear tried
any loafing tactics "Bull" would tan
his jacket with the whip. Tommy
Clark on David Boland nearly stole
the race. The latter led to the pad
dock, where he began tiring, and Mc-
Xear. under punishment, beat him a
length. Handy Bill finished a close
third. The winner was played down
:rom threes to S to 5 favoritism.
Lady Goodrich, a racy looking piece
of horssf.esh. took the six and a half
furlong run for maiden two-year-olds
from a bfg field at odds of 3 to 1.
Royal i?ed. a CO to 1 shot piloted by
i~".exn Jenkins, made all the running
ar.4 was downed less than a length at
the wir«. Raker finished third. Helge
-en on the favorite. Phalanx, met with
ail sorts of poor racing luck, finally
'.ting so badly cut off that he was al
::»ost forced to pull up.
BUDD WADE COMES HOME.
A plunge on The Gadfly sent the colt
ii> the oost favorite over Alone and
Harka. for the Futurity course selling
cumber., Sam Greenfield, who rode
him, lo?t pome ground on the stretch
turn, and McBride with Harka beat
him out nearly a length. Vaucrhan. a
10 to 1 chance, ran a good third. Sulli
van fell asteep and nearly got Alone
loft at the post.
If Sam Greenfield lost ground with
The Gadfly he saved it on Budd Wade
in the mile and fifty yard selling af
fair, landing the "bush" horse a clever
■winner. Mocorito made the pace for
more than two thirds of the route, but
could not stand the pressure when
challenged by Colonel Van. the favor
ite, and ISudd Wade. Greenfield on
the latter f>aved so much ground on
th» stretch turn that he was enabled
to down Knapp. astride the first choice.
Inspector Munro made a very poor
showing.
It's shameful to relate what Oro Viva
dia to Stilicho. the even money favor
ite for th* concluding selling run. W.
Davis rode a well-judged race on the
latter, but Oro Viva was simply a bet-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REYNOLDS & CO.
Terms $1.00 Daily; $5.00 Weekly
. 64 CHE.O2TICI.E BUILDING.
Back Sheets en FUs lor Inspection.
' EABZA. 3-1. WON.
S AVID EOLjUTD, 4-1. SECOND.
FBAXAXTX. 6-6. LOST.
The above were onr Three Best Beta
yeaterday. ;
Establieh td 1 ThnrsdayWe Oare to
1890. to! " -.«•
Before the Fnb- PTnn| . rn
Uc Every Day STROLLERf
JpE^ IDOGO, 4-1, won
eorodm,
8-1, won
S10 flat bet» placed
xc« w.riT e * el1 of ottr rood
Kter e ™«t thiars to-day wUl
I »"*"Prcseat. proflt over $200.00.
Wisaera rtven In the fuU selections the
past 22 days:
Zleynclfis & Co ." 57
Call :...42
Ciircnlcle 43
Boliet!a , # , .40
Esarcljier yt
S10.000 Icrfeited It aay mlcrepretenta-
tloas appear la onr ads. .
Jtrticr cJ "SASTS'S SYSTEM OP HAN-
SXCAPFZrSr AlfO TUXty SrECT7I,A-
JCS'C GUIDE."
"tiite 3. 4 and 5. Oreystone Hotel
86 Geary Street, San Francisco
Phone James 2561.
■
. ::::5 S2.00 dally: 815 weekly or 850
mcsthly.
Pi^EBssq^-"' • ~^9BBBSBpB3Bb»B
Hef ereaces — Any. reputable racing man
In America.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLANP — Friday. Dec. 16. "Weather fine. Track good.
7573. FIRST RACE — Futurity course; selling; 2-year-olds; value to first. $325.
'U! 1 "! Horse and Owner. jWtSt. Vi. 14. %. 8tr.- Fin.^J: Jockey.. Op: "Cl.
7517 IGeo. P. McNear (H. 6tover)|112| 3 ... 2h 2 2 2 2 11 Bullman..' ; 3 8-5
7S2SIX)avtd Boland (Baird & Co.).. l^ 4 ... 1 :< 17 14 2 h T. Clarjc.. 7-2 . 4
irJU Handy BUI <D. Zelinsky) lift 2 ... 5 2 3^3^38 Travers... • 6-6 ■ 0-d
i-}.9 «.. Sn-eepeuUces (Mrs. Mlilfr). |1C1 6 ... 4 h 5 5 5 2. 4 2 Wiley..... .^50 .100
l^> !B;U Short m\ P. Mfigrane) . . \l<H 1 ... 3 2U4 *h 4 2'- 5 16 F. Sulliven. . 10 ■ 15
i5<14 ;Dlx/!lle iG. \V. Wilson) TOil 5 ... 7 6 1 6 4 6 10 ITaylor.... ~ 15 . " 10
«.*>« iCascades <O. Rogers)' |l0C| 7 ... G2 7 7 ; ■ - 7 ;!^ap»- ....t -40 ■_' 1U)
Time— :23^.. :4S4. I:12«4. At post, v; minute. Off at 2.11^.,. McNear. place. 7-10; show;
i-20 Boland. place. 0-3; show, 1-2. Bill, show, 1-3. Winner b. c. by Tors>o-Clara Wil
fron. Trained by H. Stover. Scratched. Bob Ragon. Start fair.^ : ~ Won In a hard drive.' .
6*cond stepping. Third driving. Bullman us«d the bat on McNear and- he concluded to
rua. David Bcland ran out en stretch turn or he would nave won.- Handy.-BUl dosed
ftrons and might have wen at a lcnger route. Dlxelle no speed. Bill Short quit.
757C. SECOND RACE— 6^ fur'.onga; purre; maidens; 2->fear-old»; value to first, |325..
Index] Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U- %- *i. Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl. '
7.-..'2 'l^.Jy G<X)C.r>h < Applfsatt). . . J107i R . .'. 2ik2 1^2 3 1>; JBell 3 3
7525 ! Royal Red (J. Touhey). 11071 6 ... 1 1V,1 l'il n 25 |Jenklns... 30 20
7657 IBaker (J. J. M~Ale»ter) !\ll0i 2 ... 9 10 7 V*"-* Vi 3 4 IH. Michaels fr-2 15-2
747S iDownpatrlrk < Ryan & Co.)....|ll0i 8 ... 7 2 3 n" 3 1V44 6 Minder.... 20 12
753C ilndlcat* (Summers & Co).-.. lllOJ 7 ... ti n ■ i» H 6 2 5 IV- Larsen...'. 8 9 ■':
"49S ;O!id (T. E. Jones) (110 4 ... . 5 h J> 2 8 R 6 h W. Knapp.. '30 3A
755* IPtalanx (Moormead Farm) .. 110! r ',.. 4 l'i* 6 S3 7 *4 Helgeten.. 4-5 6-5
75C9 iSan Jose (O. W. Wilson) 1101 3 ... 8 241 S'iSI Bonner 30 30
7353 (Lily Goldir* fj. T. CoITlr.it) ... 107, 1 ... Mh 5b 72 68 Crcs'walte 10 20
_75W^Tarcoo!a B-lie (Miller Co.) I1O7|1O... 10 10 10 10 |F^Sulllvan. 50, 100^
Time— :24»4. :50. 1:16. 1:23." At post. 'li^njlnutes. . Off at 2 :3SV».' Goodrich, place. 11-10; r
'how, 1-2. Red. place 8; show, 3. Baker show. 1. Winner, b. f. by Goodrlch-Volma. .
Trained by C. Snider. Start good. Won cleverly. Balance driving. Lady Goodrich
runs like one that i* Improving right alcngr. She pot away poorly. Royal Red had
worked well and was played. Downpatrlck, away -none too well,. received stable sup
pert. Indicate a mudder. GUd a supposed {rood thing. Phalanx on the rail and pock
eted so badly lieigemen had to pull up.
,7577. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; a and 3 year-clda: value, to first. $325. "..
Index! Horse and Owner. |Trt!St:,U. *S. %. Str. Fln~l Jockey. Op. Cl.
7551 'Harka. 3 iJ. Ryan) .JlOl; 5 ... 4 14 4 Vi 2^1% IlIcBrlde .. 33
75^ ! The Gadfly. 2 (Keene & Co.l !)2i 6 ... 5 h 5" H 6 1 2 2% Greenfield 3 2
75P2 [Vaughan, :: fMrs. Hertzell).|in 2 ... imT'Un 33 iTravers ... 10 10
7K7 iUen Eric. 2 (Blaslngnvs Bro.) mj 4 .... 1 1^1 l',l >4 4 5 (Croeswaite . 30 . 20
755! iDlrtrlbutor. 3 <F. J. Nell) ilO«i 7 ... 7 8 7 10 7 2 5 n [J. Jones ... 20 . 40
(75;i3)! Alone. 2 (Suramera & Co.)..|83|9 ... 0 8 5 8 6 « 2 IF. Sullivan 2 9-2
75« jPlreila. 2 <Mr». Mill«r) ; 941 3 ... 2n2n3^7 4 JW. Knapp. 8-*i8;;
75.M I Standard. 3 <J. J. McAIejter)ilO6 1 ... *; <\ n G 2 8 3 |H. Michaeli .20 15
7517 iFlo Manola. 3 (M. J. Daly)..|10l| 8 ... 8 1 9 9 0 1M. Daly .. 20 13
Time — :24»4. :49»4. 1:1*4. Atpost 4 minutes. Oft at 3:0614. Harka, place. 1: show. U-20; .
Gadfly, place. 7-10; show, 2-5; Vaughan. show. ?. Winner ch. t . ' by Harbinger-Jeska.
Traintd by G. Wentworth. Start good. Won all driving. Winner bid up from $500 to
$000 by C. T. Henjhall. and sold. Harka perfectly handled. . The Gadfly ridden wide on
utreteh turn, losing ground. Vauzhan ran a nice race. Ben Eric had speed to burn.
Alon« practically left ow*c to Sullivan's sleepy tactic». Standard left the paddock
with blinkers, but they were removed at the post. - ij'-v.
757X. FOURTH RACE — On« mile and fifty ynrdi; celling; 3-year-olda and up; to first.' <32j5.
Index' Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. H'. %. % . Str. Fin» I Jockey. Op. Cl.
7545 Budd Wade, 5 (Baker C. S.) 9»l 2 1 Vj 2 \ 2 n 2 n 1 1% Greenfield . 3 21-5 .
7550 , Col. Van, 6 (F. Whitman). .!104| 3 3"^ 3 «; J 4 33 2 h W. Knapp. 6-5 9-10
7538 ! Mocorito, a. (J. Ryan). ./.... 1 1041 1 21 1 i- 1 \ 1 n 3 5 McBride ..6 8 •
7.VT. Ltb Caudld. 3 (Appleby Co.)j 95| 4 4 h 4 n* 4 5 4 2 4 n J. Kelly ... 20 25 j
7555 iTneodora L.. 4 <P. E. Smlth)!lC0l 6 52 5H52 6454 IVickery ... M. 100 [J
75^3 ;Inspectcr Munro. 3 tT. Fox)tl03| 5 « U 7 . 7 5 n C 10 IF. Sullivan .4 4 !
7555 .Formero. a .(Appleton Co.).]105I 7 7. .'6 4 G H • 7 . IBell 15' 60 '
Time— :25H, :51. 1:16. 1:43. 1:46. At post 4 minutes. Off at 3^t6H- Wade, place. 13-10;
rhow. 1-2. Van. olaoa, 2-5: show, 1-5: Mocorito, show. 1. Winner b. e. by Balgowan- {
Marjorle. Trained by W. Cushmtn. Scrat ched — Barney Dreyf ass. Duke of Richelieu!
Start good. Won all driving hard. Greenfield saved ground on the turns and rode an .
alt-round good race. Ridden closer Colonel Van could have .won.. Mocorito tired. In- ■
specter Munro a raudder.
73711. FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; selling;. all ages; value to first, $325. .
Indexl Horce and Owner. IWt^St. VI-' %• %- Str, Fin. J Jockey.- Op. Cl. ;
7547 !W. R. Condon. 4 (L. H* Exoll) UOi 4... 8n 4n 2n In ILarsen .... 1 8 10
7553 iPickaway. 4 <A. J. Jackson).. |104| 1 ...' 1 h 1 >4 1 1%2 4 ITravers .... 6 9-2 .
7533 "Matt Hogan. & (Romlgh).... 115| 3 ... 7 6 I«j6 6 »-5 T. Clark... "15 20
<7445)!Glendenning, 5 (Hammond)... 104 2 ... 23 233243 F. Sullivan 3-5 3-8
75.-^ ilsabutte. 3 (Fitrgld & Tmpk) 98 7 ... 41 3h41 57 ILoague 15 30 ."
752$ iThe Reprobate. 2 (Keene Co) 92 5 ... S Hi 5 5 5 3 6 l»i Greenfield 10 15
75e4 iWHIa. 2 (W. P. Magrane) 93 6 ... 62 7 7 7 J. Kelly 30 100 .
'Adieu. 4 (C. Clifford) 1C3 L*ft . ;i W.Daly... SO : 100
iThe Volt. 4 (Fisher & Andsn) 109 L#ft Reed ; -50 • 100 :
Time — :23^i. :*S\. 1:01. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:01. Condon, place, 3; show. 4-5. Pick
away, place. >-10; show, 1-3. Hogan, show, 3-7. TVlnner. b. h. by Troubador-Fellpa. ;
Trained b»- L. H. Ezell. , Scratched — Fay TemplRton. . Gallant Cassle. -Start bad. Won
In a hard drive of two. Third easily. Winner bid up from $600 to $1000 by. A. J.
Jackson, but was retained. Condon wore blinkers and they worked a vast Improvement
In his speeds He out gamed Pickaway. Matt Hogan ran well. Glendennlng was rated '
and stopped to a walk. .; • '■ r;.-r : "'^f.; i t!
7S <O. SJXTH RACE — One mile; selling; three-: year-olds and up; valne to first, $325. '
Index] :;Horse and Owner. . . IWrSt. H. JJ... %. Str. Fin. J Jockey. Op. Cl.
7531 !Oro Vlvar 4 (Reilly & McRae) 107 2 61 52 4%32 11% McBride .. 3 3
7547 iStllicho. 4 (T. G. Ferguson).. 104 7 4 «4 3 Vx 3 \ 2 2 2 1^4 W. Davis.. 6-5 1
7543 IMimo, 4 (P: Sheridan) .... 101 5 1"1- 1.% 1 n 1 1%3 2^4 Travers ... 10 12
7275 Marelio, 5 (W. Freters) . . . . . .. 10G 6 5h 41 22 48 4 5 Reed 50 100
(7540)!Flylng Torpedo, 6 (UH.Ezell) 106! 1 7 7 62 64 9 1« W. .Knapp 4.5
75e5 ! Profitable. 4 (A. Winters)... 98f 4 2 % 2 H 5 3 5 2 6 5 Greenfield 8 12 '■
74!^7 INuliah. a «G. S. McKenzie).. »s| 3 3 I»j6 n 7 7 7 G. . Bullman 30 100 ";
Time— :25U. :50it. 1:16. 1:43. At post K minute. Off at 4:23%. • Viva. pUce, 4-5; show,
1-3. Stilicho, place. 1-2; show, 1-5. Mi mo. show, 6-5. Winner, b. h. by Golden
Garter-Joe Viva. Trained by G. Wentworth. Scratched — Hlpponax. Start poor. Won
• driving and going away. Balance driving. Winner best. Stilicho would do better at the
pacing game. Too far for Mimo. Marelio ran a very fair race. Too short for Torpedo.
Profitable outclassed. i
THREE LONGSHOTS LAND
Descwento, DiUifid and Mart Gentry Slip Tlvough
LOS ANGELES, Dec 16.— To-day's
card at Ascot was full of surprises,
Descuento at 20 to 1, Dutiful at 10
and Mark Gentry at 15 causing a series
of shocks to the betting public by win
ning their respective races. The other
events went to favorites. There were
sixteen books doing business and the
crowd was large. The first race had a
bunch of ordinary horses and the win
ner turned up In Descuento, with Pa T
cifico second and Retador third. The
latter two were coupled and made 1-to
2 favorites. Helgerson won the second
easily from Crigli and Liberto. Esca
lante fan a smashing race and won the
third from Tim Payne and Americano.
Delagoa was played heavily in' this
race, but ran disappointingly. Re
quiter took the best race of the day
from Mad Mullah, with Tryon third.
Requiter got a bad start, but. went
around his field and won handily in
1:41 for the mile.
Dutiful showed sudden form and won
the fifth at 10 and 12 to 1, Anirad second
and Huapala third. Lustig was a red
hot favorite, but finished far back.
Mart Gentry wound up the card by
ter h'TBt, and. well ridden by McBride,
ran: over the rlrst choice when r^ady.
Ct nsiderable 16 to 5 cowld be had about
the winner. Mlmo, the pacemaker, ran
TRACK NOTES.
Tommy Griffin wired Billy Cahill
from Hot Springs yesterday, asking if
it were possible to obtain fourteen
stalls at Oakland: A favorable reply
was sent and "the man with the hal
ter" may be out here, within a few
Anderson was not injured by his fall
on Thursday and wanted to ride yes
terday. His employer, Louis Ezell,
thought it better to wait until Mon
day befbre he allowed the boy to ac
cent any mounts.
\fter his exhibitions on Inspector
Munro, Alone and Glendenning the
judges decided to restrict the riding
of F. Sullivan to the stable of Bian
ohi & McGovern. Sullivan gave prom
ise of becoming a rider, but his work
v.ould indicate^that he has gone back
woefully. ,, , "
The working of the claiming clause
in this country is a widely different
story from what it is in England. If
one claims a horse across .the pond
the former owner of the thoroughbred
invites you to luncheon and points out
the good and bad traits, of the new
uurchase for your edification. Here,
if you claim a bird. "Oi! Yoi! Yoi!"
The owner from' whom you claim. the
horse invites > you to a cannon . rehear
sal and points but the particul~-v spot
where he Is going to have you planted.
Not many days ago George Went
worth claimed , Ishlana from Charley
Henshall and now there is war. Char
ley bid up Harka. trained by.Went
worth. from. $500 to $500 and the lat T
ter smilingly let her ro without a re-
$ ponse. Oro Viva, winner of the '. last
race, is also trained by AVentworth
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, ■ .- SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17; 1904.
winning at 15 to.l from Doctor C, the
favorite, with Cotillion third. Weather
clear, track fasL Summary:
First race. flv« furlongs — Descuento, 111
(Rennlcamp), 20 to 1, won; Pacifico. 114 (Hil
debrand), 1 to 2, second: Retador. 106 (Otis),
1 to 2. third. Time, 1:01?;. Brisetta, Slnl
cado. Bajato, Zuru, C. P. Waterhouse and
St. Dixie also ran. Retador and Pacifico
coupled in betting.
Second race, selling, seven • furlongs — Hel
serson. 103 (L&wrence). 16 to 5, won; Ctigli,
Hi3 (Moriarity), 44 to 1, second; Llberto, 111
(Truebel), 7 to 1, third. Time. 1:28%. Rlce
ful. Pilot, McKee, Dusky Secret and Landseer
also ran.
Third race, five and a half furlon gs — Esca
lante. 109 (Truebel). even, won; .Tim -Payne,
107 (Hildebrajid) 0 to 1, second; Americano,
100 (Lawrence), 12 to 1, third. . /Time, 1:07%.
Del&soa and Ulctma also ran. '
Fourth race, selling, one mile— RequlUr, 112
(Ducan), 4 to 6, . won; Mad Mullah. Ill
(Tooman), Z to 1," second; Tryon, 100 (Law
rence). 7 to 1. third. Time, 1:41. Harbor and
Funnyslde also ran.
Fifth race, selling;, seven furlongs — Dutiful,
111 (Tooman) 10 to 1, won; Anlrad, 108 (Hll
debrand). 16 to 5, second: Huapala, 103 (Kent),
7 to 1, third. Time, 1:29%. Lustig and
Dorlce also ran.
Sixth race, Slauson course, selling— Mart
Gentry. 02 fMoriarUy), 12 toi, won: Doctor
C 103 (McDanlel). 2 to 1, second: Cotillion.
92 (Kent). 4 to 1, third. Time. 1:11. Useful
Lady Jardln de Paris, Homebred, Hlldebrand
and Joe K el ley also ran.*
and Henshall was there again with
bells on. He hiked the price from
$700 to $1200 and this time Went
worth responded , with the $5 neces
sary to prote' arid there were no
smiles. v :
Louie Ezell did not ' miss * a boost,
either, when W. R. Condon won.- The
bay horse was bid up from $600 to
$1000 by A. J. Jackson, owner of
Pickaway, and protected. The former
owner of Condon told Ezell that the
horse would do better with blinkers
and it was the first time he had worn
them here. Louie let his horse "run
loose and it looks as if he were ea
titled to one purse without being
boosted. ,
There are not two McBrides. The
McBride who rode Harka is the same
McBri'de that piloted the filly , in . pre
vious races, and also 'guided Profit
able last Wednesday.
Travers displayed activity enough
on Pickaway, to suit anybody.
It might not be out of the way to
state that McBride mentioned in an
other paragraph carried off the sad
dle honors by riding in on two win
ners.
3IAXV FAST OXES ENTERED.
Crocker Staked Attract a Good Field
at Oakland.
Many good horses are carded to
compete for the Crocker stakes, the
fourth race on the programme a t
Oakland, to-day. Following:^ are the
entries:
"First rac*. cne mile and fifty yards three-'
year-olds and up, eelllnt. '
74!)fl •Finn D'Or (Applcton &,, Co.).. '..,., log
7M4 *Scotsnian'(Brtnkworth & Co.)..:....-'i06
f"WS)C*an«nleus (Daly) ...•.•..•.■."...-.:;.;•..- io7
74»!2 Oscar ToIIe (Klunder & Burns) ..:.; - !l00
-7571"*VlK»iroso(Appleby ? ft Co.) •. ...;. ;t;."- 07
7.'>fiS Ieabcllita ' (Ronaldson) . ..."..*... ...-;::iii'
7568 Chickadee ." lAVliltman) ...... .•.', . . ;-. . log
WRESTLING BOUT ENDS IN RIOT
Eitzayell Bites Je^kms and Is
Arrested on Charge of
The "wrestline^match between Tom
Jenkins and '-BuzayeH; \ the Algerian,
ended in ! a small-sized riot last night
at 'Woodward's pavilion. .< As a se
quence Jenkins 'was treated at the Re
ceiving Hospital for a severe wound
caused by a bite on the abdomen while
Lieutenant of> Police Price arrested
■Buzayell •• and charged him with the
serious crime of mayhem at the Mis
sion Police Station. ;
The men had been on the. mat one
hour "and fifty-six minutes and forty
three seconds without a fall being se
cured. Just before the dramatic end
of the affair Jenkins had • secured a
hammer - lock on his agile opponent.
The Algerian saw the dangerous posi
tion in which; he- was and slid oft the
mat "onto the platform. Jenkins com
plained that he was being bitten and
just then Buzayell : wriggled off the
edge of the platform- and both wrest
lers fell to the floor, of the pavilion.
They were in a" tangle for a few mo
ments.. ■ -
JENKINS WINS ON AFOUL
Jenkins was the first to appear and
at once complained to Referee Roche
that he had been "severely ; bitten. He
showed a mark on his abdomen about
the size of a dollar piece which showed
the deep impression of his opponent's
teeth. The referee ," gave the bout at
once to Jenkins on afouL The latter
fearing, blood, poisoning: hastened at
once to. the hospital for treatment. The
spectators hooted'. and j jeered . Buzayell
and ; there were .repeated " calls for
Lieutenant of Police Price to arrest
him. The attack was such a vicious
one that Buzayell .was placed under
arrest and was locked up attne Seven
teenth Street Station. •-.* :■-.
The bout waa. one of the greatest
ever- seen in this city. The Algerian
proved a. master, of the art. and broke
one hold after another with the great
est,ease. He was,; in superb physical
condition and stood a terrible going
over from Jenkins. He .was -game to
the- core and when, Jenkins tried some
unusually rough tactics he' fought back
BRITT IS READY TO DEFEND
LAURELS AT A DAY'S NOTICE
Hard and Faithful Training ; Has Its
Effect on the Plumber Lad
-Jimmy Britt can afford to let. up on
his hard work now almost any old day.
He is practically fit . and ready : for his
comings-battle and can be at weight at
a day's/, notice. He has decided r toi keep
up his work for a day or so longer Just
to be sure that everything is all-right,
though he. will not: exert himself as he
has been doing for, the last week. ,
As 'usual,',- a vast throng clamored at
the door of the g>Tnnaslum yesterday
afternoon to see the champion - work.
Every one could not be accommodated,
and there was great fighting and shov
ing .for a chance to get a glimpse'at
the plumber boy. He was a little late
in starting in and did not devote quite
as much time to his stunts as he usu
ally does.
He only went four rounds with Frank
Rafael, but the pace was fast while it
lasted and Jimmy' kept sending that
right in with terrific force. He evi
dently figures on using it to advantage
on Nelson, for he has been paying par r
tciular attention to developing it , in
each bout with. his trainer. The left Is
naturally good and needs no practice,
and if the right holds out Jimmy
should prove a veritable battering ram.
"There is no danger of my breaking
it," 'he said. "If my old mitt can stand
the strain of these lively mfxups I am
satisfied that I will go through the fight
with Nelson without doing it any dam
age. There are more blows struck in
any of my practice bouts than In most
big fights, and the work is pretty rough,
so I feel confident" that my good right
will help me bring home the coin."
The wrestling work which Jimmy has
been doing with. "Tiv" Kreling has
7574 Trapsetter (Ezdl) ....100
7578 •Mocorito (Ryarf) 106
7502 'Homage (Stephenson) 101
Second race, five and a half furlongs, all
ages, purse. •■ '
7575 David Boland (Balrd) .. ....... R9
7542 The Cure (Brlnkworth & Co.).. 107
7542 Tocolaw ( Jennings) * ...... ... ... .107
<7S31)Mansard (Keene) ............100
(7536) Misty' s Pride (Jones) ; 109
7502 Instructor (Needmore , Stable) ..107
7518 Introductor (P. Ryan> 112
7541 Smithy Kane (Hall & Marshall) .... 89
6810 Royal White ' (Fountain) 100
Channel (Brldg^tte) 100
(7556)I'elham (Henshall) .;.: 04
7673 Prince Brutus ; (Cameron) 80
7241 Bed Tip (Woods)-.... ......112
Third race, one and three-srxteenth miles,
three-year-olds and up, selling.
<7544)»G W. Traherm (Summers) 90
7560 •Little Waliy '(Brinkworth) »2
7500 Grafter (Blaslnirame) 08
7538 Sunr.y Shore .-; (Dunn) , . . J ... C8
7544 'Colonel i Anderson (McLaughlln) . 96
7530 •Flying Torpedo (Esell) . 96
Fourth race— One mile, ' three-year-olds and
up the Crocker *eUine: etakes. $2000 added.
(75r»4)Elliott (Daly) • '• ; . . .105
7560 Military . Man (Ferguson) .105
(7r.24)»L*tola (Jennings) .i 03
7560 •Modicum -- (Fouhtaln) .00
(7C20)Byronordale <Crane) .........103
(7500)Romaine (Scharetg) .. .1C7
7554 »San Nicholas (Rowell) .......100
(7530)*Ananlas (Schorr) 104
7548 *Oold Money (Jfcrnlngs) ............. ;107
■" Fifth race— Six' furloncs. all ages, handicap.
7572 Sea Voyage (Miller) 83
7558 Last Knight <Lamasney) ....... ..03
7S32 Ishtar (Ryan) OS
7C-6O Squire Johnson ; (Miller) 83
(7447)Honlton (P- Ryan) .llrt
7M6 Albula (Lamasney) . ..102
75C0 Judge (McAlester) .100
7536 Irldlus . (Jennings) . . . ; .100
,\t\ The Lady ■ Rohesla (Henshall) ' *. .'. 104
• Sixth •" race — SevenV furlongs, - two-year-olds,
Head Dance (Henshall) ...106
7541 C&llaghan (Nealon) 106
(7M4) Ara (Stevens & Son) .106
7516 Del , Carina (Smith) ! 101
7557 Edna Sullivan: (Sullivan) „.;........ 10.1
<75.V>)Cardlnal ■ Sarto , (Summers) ........... 10R
7346 Hooligan (Fountain) . .......... .103
• 75731 Sea Air (McLaughlln) ......... . . V. . .105
•Aoprentlce i allowance.
",Th«j annual masquerade j ball J of the
Dolphin'. Club' ? will ■" take I place i to-night
at Saratoga Hall. . It will ; be the .third
event . of , this kind that the club \ has
given. ■ '■•■■-.- ';-.-v._ &&BBUBEBBBi
i BARTENDER . : DIES SUDDENLY.— John
C. Meyer, 'a bartender, living ; at. 478 -'Jessie
street, 1 - died" suddenly last -Thursday ; night an
his bed.';pr«sumably:from.natural!cau8es. V.He
had been on . a ' spree , for i a - month and •; waa a
member of Eagles Aerie, No.. 8.
viciously. Early In the struggle he
butted Jenkins and the latter went at
him in good old London prize-ring
fashion. Lieutenant- of : Police Price
jumped in the ring and stopped hos
tilities. Later on they went at it
again with their fists, but it did not last
long. . .
Buzayell was on the defensive from
first to last and the one disappointment
of the spectators was that he did not
take the offensive and show what he
could do at that style of : going. On
the few occasions when he was on the
offensive for a moment Jenkins would
at once get him Into difficulties.
Jenkins was hampered by having to
wrestle in the Graeco- Roman style, as
he is accustomed to catch-as-catch
can.
BTJZAYELI/S STRONG MUSCLES.
On many occasions Jenkins started to
get a hold in the latter style and then
stopped Instantly when he remembered
it was barred. . The colored man held
out for the match to be decided on a
flying fall. Jenkins wanted the pin
fall, which means that one man must
pin the shoulders of his opponent to
the mat before the fall be allowed.
After they had been wrestling more
than an hour Jenkins threw the Alge
rian with a body hold, but as he did
not pin him down It did not count. This
was the closest to a fall that was
scored during the bout until the last
exciting moment. Buzayell seems to
have muscles like steel cables in his
neck, as he broke one hold after an
other with marvelous ease.
The bout between George Braun, the
ex-Olympic Club wrestler, and Charles
Davis was a joke. Davis knew nothing
about wrestling and Braun toyed with
him. He threw him the flijpt time in
one minute and fifty-six seconds. The
next bout he won in three minutes and
twenty-nine seconds, but it was not al
lowed, It being a flying fall. Braun
then threw him for the third time in
one minute and fifty- three seconds.
"William McCullough refereed this bout,
while Billy Roche passed upon the
main event;
helped him ; wonderfully. It "baa : tended
to make him a bad man in the clinches
and ; increased his speed to . a marked
degree. 1 ;.. This is the hardest kind of
work* and the, sort which wears a man
down.' Jimmy thinks he can withstand
the .toughest ..'. fighter in the business
after v all the practice scrimmages he
has indulged in during the last two
weeks..' o-_'
.The .members of the sporting, frater
nity who Journeyed to ■ Larkspur yes
terday, with the expectation of seeing
Battling- Nelson work were-sorely dis-r
appointed, as the Great Dane has taken
a lay, off until. Sunday. Manager Mur
phy says Bat is in excellent condition,
and within striking distance of: the
weight. ; He a"lso states that -he ap
preciates the fact that his protege has
worked like a Trojan during this siege
of training, so ordered him to take a
rest until Sunday.
. The Dane took a short sprint in the
morning as an eye-opener, and spent
the remainder of the day hunting. The
large crowd of spectators had * to be
content with watching A Eddy Santry
and "Rawhide" Kelly "do their gym
stunt..T3at did not take'klndly
phy's orders, as he is a gluttonT f or
work, but thought it* best to obey the
man. behind the gun.- *>'•
.;Smiling Metzer and Bat: have had
a'secret for quite a> length of time,
but it leaked out : yesterday.. - On 'the
eve -of the battle a'dinner is to be glv»
en at the camp, at which the Great
Dane is to announce the , engagement
of his .friend "Smiling." This afternoon
the ,smiling ; one ... blushingly admitted
that" there riiighf be something doing,
but : refused ■ to give ' the name of his
intended.- Nelson will spend to-day
hunting in the wilds of Tamalpais.
Experts Favor Dr. Ix>jjan.
> Three physicians and a business man
decjaved in Judge Coffey's court yester
day that. Dr.' Milburn H. Logan was
mentally and physically competent to
manage his own affairs. The hearing
was upon Dr. Logan's application for
restoration to competency. Novem
ber • of Jiast • year J Dr. ; Logan was com
mitted to the, asylum; at Agnews . and
has recently been released as cured,
but there ; has been no formal dis
charge. On this -point a question of
the court's jurisdiction In the matter
was raised and further evidence .will be
taken next week, when Dr. Stocking
cf,. Agnews will be present. Dr. Logan
on the stand said that he was recover
ing from an illness,; but felt able to
look, after his property, which is worth
about $35,000. -. ..:. ■ ;.
Want Evidence From 'Washington.
What was to have been the final
hearing of the Chew Bins Quoia case.'
in which it is sought to remove ' J. J.
Cunningham as administrator of the
Chinese • labor contractor's estate, was
en Judge Coffey's calendar yesterday
morning, but Attorney Vogelsang,
representing the alleged widow/ in
China, succeeded in getting a continu
ance until December 27. He explained
to. the court, that he/ was daily expect
ing irecords-from the authorities m
Washington which would prove- that
LumQuoia,- the local claimant of the
estate, was born in China and was reg
istered : here with Ng Shee, - the woman
who'rbrought her- here. Lum Quoia
has testified that she was born in Cali
fornia and did " not know, Ng Shee.
Xew. Orleans Kace Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Dee. 18.— Results: ,
~ First ; race. s«v<en furlongs— King's Trophy
won, Ranscr. second, Tom Shelly third." Time.
1:33. -
- Secnnd race, six furlongs— Marco won,
Chambie second. Miladi Love third. Time,
1:17 1-5.;
• Third race, mile , and an elshth— Aladdin
wen, • Hotnedtead s*cond, Barkelmore -third.
Time. . 2:W 3-0. ' '
•Fourth- race, six furlongs. bandlcajwAs
tarita - won. Hleh : Wind e«cond, Jake ; Green
berg third. Time.. 1:15 4-5. .' •,
*: Fifth • race. ; one ' mile " and ; . aV quarter — Lady
Fonso < won/ Gtorge Vivian second," Semper • VI
vax.third.' Time, 2:14 3-5." : . .
-' Sixth 1 race.? six furlon?s~^Janeta . won, Kit
ty Platt second," Fruit third. Time,, 1:18.-
. . . ApyERTISOIENTS.
EXPERT CLOCKER
Room 79 Chronicle Building, San Francisco, Cal.
(IiADIES* ENTUASCE BOOM 79A.) | IXLEPHOSTB KA137 3312.
YESTERDAT MT ORE BEST BET WAS
ORA VIVA
3-1, WON
THE PROMISE THAT I MADE TESTEROAT
. "My client* will wrain b* outblad to participate la a -*m+m» to-<t«ar.
A<>*-1W Z have 'dwr np' «ometJiiaar EXTRA SPSCZAZk aad AOAOT yon OO
to thlm OXTS with CONFIDENCE."
(From my adv. in .yesterday's Bulletin and Examiner.)
ANOTHER CASE where the. BABY I HANDED OCT as my OXE BEST
BET made GOOD. ORA VIVA finished next tr> LAST In hJ» previous race and
was 40-1. Frank McRae gave It our yesterday, and of course the BOOKIES would
take no CHANCES. They KNOW ME. When I HAND them oat — they fight say.
I ALSO GAVE TO WIN
HARKA, 3-1, WON
" Harka is the best of a bad bunch and has run some fair races. The stable
will be down on this one and should bring home the 'eoonskms. ' Is worth a
good bet to win." "-
I ALSO 6ATE FOR A PLACE PUT
W. R. CONDON, 10-1, WON
WHAT MY MESSAGE SAID: '.
• # H«re la where I know somethins. ThJa U a stake horse wb«n he ta rtrtrt, aad
could run the nre-elEhths In 1:00 flat. Is Just rounding to form. Bre«ced a naif
In :S0 on the bit. Will probably run In 'blinkers' to-day and that *wfll help waram.'
Looks Ilk* a 'moral' for the place. Is worth a good bnt."
ROYAL RED, 30-1, 24
"ROTAL RED was not ready In hla last start. Breezed a balf la :50 asd ca4
a lot of speed. From wsat I have seen of hla crivate work. I know he la ready.
To-day is the day they cut him 'loose.' Is worth a swell bet for the placa,"
DON'T YOU THINK THIS IS INFO?
ROYAL RED. after leading all the war waa Just beatea a *«'f length. fTaa
beaten 13 lerfgtns In his last start.
I satd teat W. R.. CONDON, running Jn •'blinkers" "would hats aome" I
guess It did.
THURSDAY I GAVE FOR A PLUNGE TO WIN
REVOLT, 11-2, WON
WEDNESDAY I 6AVE FOR A PLUNGE TO WIN
• RED CROSS NURSE, 6-1, WON
»
TUESDAY I GAVE FOR A PLUNGE TO WIN
ALICE CAREY, 6-1, WON
MONDAY I GAVE FOB A PLUNGE TO WIN
ELLIOTT, 5-1, WON
Thus you will see that NOT a DA T has passed this week that I hav« failed *•
land a GOOD OXE at a URGE. JUICY PRICE- TbU surely must CONVINCE
YOU that my INFORMATION is WORTH FOLLOWING, and that I am RIGHT
on theT INSIDE. My DAILY RACING MESSAGE each day OPENS the DOOR to
you, and you CAN Dry into the "STABLE SECRETS."
TO-DAY I'LL SPRING ANOTHER GOOD ONE
Just like I have been doing ALL. the WEEK. I've got one up my sleeve that looks
. like MONEY FROM HOME. I've got ALL th« DETAILS NOW. and I DON'T
HESITATE to SAY that IT LOOKS VERY GOOD to ME.
"""'ONE that has been running aw»y below hia true form It bids FAIR to ma.k«
LAWSOX and bis FRENZIED FINANCE SPIEL PALE Into insignificance. SUB-
SCRIBE TO-DAY and GET IT. .
NO INFORMATION GIVEN OUT UNTIL 12 O'CLOCK.
„„ XS IS GOES - Don'feome around before that time as It will POSITIVELY NOT
, BE GIVEN OUT. until- that hour. ___ m
OAKLAND-ALAMEDA-BERKELEY CLIENTS
Can obtain onr MESSAGE, which will be on SAXE (after 13 o'clock) at thm
CENTSAL ITEWS STOM, 1203 B3OADWAY (cor. 1-tti. St.). OAZLA3D
CAL.
TERMS: $10 WEEKLY, $2 DAILY.
OFFICE OPEN AT 10:30 A. M. CALL. SEND or PHONE for my INFORMA-
TION. Out-of-town orders wired early on receipt of your subscription by mall or
telegraph. Information Is for sale at my office and the CENTRAL NEWS STORE.
1208 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.. ONLY. NOT for sale anywhere else. The
public in cautioned against purchasing; spurious messages purporting to b* Uc-
Rae's Racing Information. You have only yourself to blame If you purchase a
"phony" message from Irresponsible persons.
O" '■ : o
O f" I" r D In response to requests, I wish to state that being right at the -
J f f r K TRACK (my headquarters) I will for the accommodation of out-
w .. •». - .". of-town clients and those who cannot visit the track dally operate
a personal account for you at the TRACK. Forward me an account of (25.
ISO. I10O. and I will place $3. $10 cr $20 on each of my dally Best Bets; mail-
■ ing or writing you the information each morning as you desire. Itemized state-
ment and certified check sent at the end of each week's play In settlement
of account. When operating an acccunt for you I do not charge for my Informa-
tion, but deduct 20 per cent of th* net weekly profits for my serrioes. All
communications of this nature must be sent to me direct at my TRACK HEAD-
QUARTERS. Address FRANK McRAE. EMERYVILLE. CAL.
PROFESSIONAL CLOCKER, Phone South 1045
San Francisco Office -224 Parrott BuildIn*(Flftb Floor )855 Market St.
Oakland Branch— Room 8, "Hawthorne," U5S% Washington St.
$5000 FORFEIT
IF NOT TRUE!
Since "the beginning. of the Oakland meeting
(Nov. 12) a flat bet of $100 on my daily
ONE-BEST-BET
Xw 1 ■ 3a _ Her Ibb \& B mfi k 8
To-day mv ONE-BEST-BET is a good thing,
like MY ONE-BEST-BET TUESDAY, which was
FAY TEMPLETON; 8 to 1, WON. I call him real
I: do not handle accounts or place commissions.
My message will be read v at noon— no earlier-r-at both
of my offices. NOT FOR SALE ANYWHERE ELSE. I
employ no "agents. Beware of, fakirs who hawk about, the
streets and ferries spurious copies of my messages. None
genuine without my signature.
Out-of-town orders wired early. Telegraph your sub-
scription, if out of town. •
If in town and you cannot call, 'phone your order and I
twill have the message delivered to you by messenger at
noon, C. O. D. $2.00— no messenger, charges. *-
1112
FREE-EXTRA CHOKE CALIFORNIA .CANDY FOR -CHRISTMAS
THE^CALL 1
■j ;-- ; , . I
JOHN' D. SI'RECKJiXS .... Proprietor
Aiidrcss Ccmr-.unicaticns to j
JOH S£ McXAUG 1IT . ....... .Manager
\V. J. M AKT1X Easiness Mauggcf
TELEPHONE.
A*- for THE CALL. Tht Operator Will Ccn-
titci Yea WSiii the Derartinett Yea W i»ii-
PuWicalioa Office Market and Third, S. F.
l^J.:nriiJ Kcocis 217 to 221 Steveasca st.
Pt^»-ered by Carriers. 20 Cta. Per Week. 73
' Cfc&. IVr Month. Single Copies R <-<».
Ttrms ty ii>;!. lr.ci-J<1:rg Ppslaee ««_*sn .tn
Order.) :
QAILT CALL «lar:ud. Sunday), 1 >-ear. ..$*on
PAILY CALL dnciurt. SundayK 6 mos... 4M)
DAILY CALJ^-By !?i:^le Month >*f
EU>*DAT CALL. 1 Year 2 • '"
XVEHKLY CALL. 1 year i- ,
rorriGV f nally.-.^X* Per Year Extra
pS??irn i Bua«iir. 4.15 Per Yemr Extr.
POSTAGE. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
SaKpU Copies win be forwarded ■wbea re-
quested.
Mill subscribers »n oraertag change of sd-
£ress shculd be particuiar to gtvs both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
cuesl.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
MIC Brmdway Telephane Main 1OS3
BEIiKI3-EY OFFICE:
tlt$ Certer Hsrtel. Telephone Kortn 77
■WTASHIXOTON CORRESPONDENT :
tAWEL, W. TTALL Hotel Barton
NEW TOEK NEWS STANDSt
■WaJaorf-Astcrtji Hotel: A. Brentano. S3
•Pciea SQuare; Mbttslv HiU Hotel: Fifth-a venae
Udjti and HsTTrr.tr. Hcuse. .
CHICAGO NEWS STA'NOSt r ; ■ .'
Efcermaa House: P. - O. News Co.: Gje»t
Northern Hotel: Treinont House; Auditorium
Bote3; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KT.OGNESS. Mznraette Bunilm:.
CLcnt Distance Telephone. •■Central 261*. >
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE!
BTEPHCN H. SMITH 20 Tribune BnJMlm
XEXV TORK OORRESPONDENTI
C C CAELTON Herald Sqaare
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call,
correr Market and Third streets: open uatll
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Filth; open vstM
11 p. m. ;,•
E27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. in.
800 Ha>es street; open urtU 9:30 p. m.
«?» McAllister street; open until 9:J0 p. m.
*15 Larkin street: open until 9:S0 p. m.
1P4I Mission ftreet; open until 10 p. ra.
306 Eleventh ctrett: open until 9 p. m.
10»6 Valencia street; cpen until !i p. n.
Jvortheast comer Church and Duncaa streets;
cpen until 9 p. rn.
?200 Klllmcre street; open until 9 p. m.
CHTTECH SE& VICES. *
FIRST United Presbjn^risn Church. Gold-
en Gate ave. and Polk st. Preachinr tc-
morrovi-. Sabbath, et 11 a. m. and 7:30 p.
in. by the j>astor. Rev. H. H. Bell. D.D.
Morning theme: "The Revelation of God."
Evening theme: "The Pre-eminent One,"
third in s?r:e* on "The Man of History."
Pabbath school, »:45 a. m. C. E, societies
' at ft:30 and 6:30 p. m. Strangers cordially
invited to all sen-ices. Pews free. Cour- i
teous UFhers. Oome and bring your friends.
Music by a good male quartet.
A GREAT mas? meeting for men will b? held
«t th«- Toung Men's Christian Association
this afternoon at 3 o'clock; H. W. Davis,
religions work director of the association,
will deliver the address; there will be splen-
did TT.upic by the Robson orchestra and group
Bib'*? etudy classes at 4 o'clock; all men are
United to attend. * ' v . .
MZETPrG IfOTIC*ES.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
cisco. Cal., will be held at Its banking-
house. 301_ Montgomery st. San Francisco.
CaJ.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1905.
st 8:15 p. m.. for. the election of directors to
eerve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of cuch other business as may .
ccme before the meeting.
GEO. GRAXT. Secretary.
December 10. 1904.
AGEHTS WANTED.
ORGANIZERS to represent Knights and
Ladles of Security; good contract to gentle-
men and ladies north of San Francisco. Ad.'
DIST. DEPUTY. 215 8th st.. Marysvllle. Cal.
LOCAL agents for the only reliable hair tonic,
the Marquis. 45 4 Po5t st.
ATTOamSYS-AT-'LAW.
A rRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
!• bo good: for 22 years I've made divorces
a ipeclalty: quick: quiet; so money needed;
eo pay unlezs fii\-orce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
tr.«de. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market rt.
CONSULTATION free, private and confiden-
tial: business legally and promptly trans-
acted; collections, mechanics' 'liens, probate,
tenants ejected: legal papers drawn; loans
on real estate; safe, eound Investments high
rates interest. W. MATTHEWS. C32 Market.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Iaw. Exam. bldg..
Ctfr floor: entrance room Cll: established 26
years; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees In advance or for consulta-
tion ; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 2C01.
«_A— DJvcrr-e: costs $12; quick.qulet;adv|ce free;
all ltw business: no charge unless success*
tul; cpen evenings. 827 Market St.. room 201.
ADVICE free: Givcrce costs $12: no fees or
ro«« In advance: all law business; office
cpen Psturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law rooms .1
and 4. 240 Montgomery tx.; phone* Red CCV7.
U E. CLARK. 3?7 Market, room 304; consults-
ticn free: no fees In sdvsnce; open evening*.
_j AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILE for sale; flrst^clasii running
order. Hox 1087. Call office.
ASTHMA CTJEE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma P.emedy'reileves Instantly
10c. 2.V. Me. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas;
>Uo "iSUhart. ICth ar.d Washington. Oakland.
ADOPTioar.
FOR adoption, handsjpir.e big bahy girl newly
born: French descent. Apply 1709 Powell st.
BOAgsrggroa CBtrr.i>KEjr.
WANTEI>— A child intake care of; good care
MRS. WEBER, 2S2 Turk st.
BUSUTESSjCHANCES.
F. A. BROOKRANK, ~~~*
817 Market et- between 5 ku^and A S?Jth. T ' '
A CLIENT of mine «ho conducts a well dov-
lng cigar Ft-uid on Market M. desires «r<»od
honest man as oartnrr to at&lst him in at-
tendiug stand, and to same he can offer fn<»
position; no cx!>ericnce neccrrary $.;j0 cash
required. Particulars of UROOKBANK.
$35« AND services secure an interctit in old
cgtab. nffice and commission businees clear-
Ing $200 to $^iO rm». ; no experience required-
party mu»t be sober and reliable anil fur-
r.l»-h' trood references .-•> name will be ten-
dered him. l'articulai-F with ER<X)KHA*N'K.
AAA — Long e*tabli»tied and largest real es-
tate business In gruwins town near S F*
• pays $300 to $500 per month; $4500 worth of
uninrumbered real estate on hand. Will
sell for actual value of real estate, rood will
r,t business thrown in free. • •
THORN E & KILPA THICK, 312 Bush st.
F. L SKAGGS &. CO.. HOTEL BROKERS
26 Montgomery fct.. E. F. Phcne James 6301.
We make b specialty of hotels In pood, live
country towns. Our business covers the entire
Pacific Coast. Thor<? are now a number o£
rplendid opportunities requiring $1000 to $10,-
000. Hotel ir.en nlea.se call.
57500 — Grocery and bar on prominent corner:
horses, wagr-.-is, buggy", . etc. ; stock tvJII In-
voice rrtre asked; this buwnccs established
many years and will bear closest Inspection.
Owner to retire; no axente. Address box
2C72. Call office. \ •
BTCADT man wanted as partner; plain, light
work: small 'capital required: sure profit of
t'Ti to each r*r month: owner Is a practical
worklncman. COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT
«.O.. 032 Market 6 t. •; : -
WANTED — Partner iti oataMlFhcd packing
1 URiness handling pickles and grocers' ■ nun-
<3r!"5: additional capital \*ill be utilized tr>
incrr.TKi* lni*!refiS. Fcr particulars address
Charles F. O'<'a!laghan. atty.. .">3 Nevada blk.-
WILL racriflce for <rulck sale the "best paying
crocery and bar north of Market St.: receipts
»R0 to $70 a day; make effer. :" PACIFIC
BUSINESS AEEN.. HIS Marlet «t-
BtTSIKESS CHANCE3— Continued. \
A— .5.1500; LIQVOU btsre. v.ith .". yeari lease:
?"Ji(n> stock- guaranteed; 1 cluck nortii vl
Market; a \cry rare efcanec. Call 0:1 It. U.
WILKE. £«% Kearny st. .
A— SIS'JJ; HEiSTAUitANT and i-offeo saloon;
Caily receipts Jf50; rrnt $Vj; lease; place lo-
cated dale to AJarkfi and a gucd justness.
OaJl^on l:. U. WlLKEv 20^ Kearny at.
A— $.'S5C0: SALOON ; the best on the water
frcct; rent $74; -place known for the last' au
years as a first-class paying busings. For
particulars call on R. U. WILKE, 2O',i
Kea.rn;- «t.
A— $1200; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; S horses; 4 Wasaas; net rent $20;
pliLvc estab. for msuiy years and has a laree
patrtr.jLge: a good paying t>us!ness. Call en
It. Ki. W'll.KK, 2S»* Kearny si.
A — fl<X*: HOTEL; a flrst-closs raying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with S-year
lease; Close* to earhouse and other factories.
See R. Q. W1L1CE, 2<i',a Keamy su
A— $1S(W; RESTAURANT for tale. In the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; daily
receipts. $160; opposite the roun-1 house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic-
ulars R. G. WILKE. 2fl % Kearny sU
$*>00 — WILL take partner in a good paying,
nicety furnished coffee parlor and restau-
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE, 2G'.s
Keaxny st.
A— $7-000; BAKERY, one of the beat In city; \
:uon*.hiy sales $€000: splendid chance for two
partners: not all cash n:cessary. Particulars
v?e iX. G. WILKE, 26% Ken my at.
A — $0000; CORNER saloon on water front; net
rent $V0; 4 '.3 years' lease. Particulars sec
a. G. WILKB. 2634 Kearny St.
A— $1500; LODGING-HOUSE; transient house '
on Pest st.: 14 elegantly furn. rooms; rent
$72 50; a first-class paying proposition. K.
G. WILKK. 26M Keamy st.
A— $2500; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dinlns and bar roam • bus, 2 horses,
cow. etc, and 7 seres of land: 5 years' lease;
rent $50 or owner will sell whole property
tor $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKK. 26%
Kearcjr »u
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living room*, on Sacramento st.; 4%. years'
lease; r-*nt $4.S; the very best location. See
R. «. WILKE. 2t>& Kearny st.
A— S2500; OYSTER and chop house, with pri-
vate boxes; place estab. 20 years; known as
a flrst-ciass paying business; location close
tn Phelsn bldg.; lease; owner engaged other-
wise; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE,
»Cfe Kearny st-
A— $400; CHICKEN ranch in Sonoma County;,
horse, wagon, oow: rent $7 per month; tools
and furniture. Call R. G. WILKE. 21 *&
Kearny st.
$500— LOCKSMITH and electrical repair shop
for sale: established 25 years: best location;
li\ ing-rocms. For particulars see R. G.
W1LK.E. 26VJ Kearny at.
$550— Restaurant: very best location; rent $80;
close to Kearny and Bush; a good-paying
investment; investigate. Call on ' R. G. •
WILKE. 20Vi Kearny st.
$i>50 — CORNEK saloon on Fourth st.. *rot $23
daily receipts about $15; good business; own-
er must sacrifice, as he has to leave the city.
R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny St.*
PRICE $1100 — Wood, coal, hay and grain yard;
a long -established business; 2 horses and 3
wagons; rent only $25; rare chance. See K.
G. WILKE. 2tiVi Kearny st.
A— $2900; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia et.: lease; old established and good
paying business; investigate: a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE. 26W Kearny st.
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE. living rooms; rent
$15: no opposition; very beet location; about
8 miles from city. See R. G. WILKE. 2*J^4
Kearny tt.
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee Ealoon
in Stockton: rent $53: the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE, 20 tt Kearny st.
A— $900; BAKERY, with 3 llvtrg rooms and
kitchen: rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $16 per day. Particulars K. G.
W r lLKK. 26% Kearny gt.
A— $2360; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very beat loca-
tion; a good cash business. Sea R. G.
WILKE. 2B^ Kearny at.
A— $300; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known* as a good busl-
nets. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease. In
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a. rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
A— $4000; CIGAR stand on Market st., vicin-
ity Powell st.: 2% years' lease; must b«
told at once; owner to leave city for the
East. See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
' lease; rent $40; {tore doing a large cash bust.
r.eEs; location can't be beat; value in Eight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; -let rent $125; lease; stock will In-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished . years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
_WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few block*
south of Market ft.; net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
in sight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
tt.: :ent SCO: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2500; a well established and
Crat-class paying businees. S«* R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kcarny gt. ,
A — $3S0; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
•tore; C rooms; rent. $25; best location Va-
ltncta st. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
EUREKA- REALTY CO..
1118 Market -st. Come to us for business
chances.
Best payine quick lunch in city; owner
leaving for East: cleans $200 a month; long
I^ase; trial given; don't miss this; $1500
cash. . EUREKA REALTY CO.
HIS Market st.
A $1000 meat market; will Fell half fcr $500;
7 year3 In the place; rent $35. EUREKA
REALTY CO. •
WANTED— Partner with $4500 cash; have the
best and safest business proposition ever
presented, where large profit will be, made;
don't answer unless you mean business; no
agents. Box 2583. Call.
WA ST HTD— Partner~~wlth $5000*" 14 years in
busin<>Fs; can double your money In one year
and can show you that It can be done be-
fore going In. Box 21, South Berkeley.
OLD tailoring establishment; downtown; 13*4-
ioot fhow ■ window ; worth $2500; low- rent:
leaving city; first man showing me $SO0 can
have this stiaD. Box 2584, Call."
AN old-established manufacturing drug busi-
ness with good selling proprietary prepara-
tions, trademarks, etc.; will *ell or exchange
for real estate. Address box 204:;. Call. •,
MAN Tiilllns to invest $650 can make $5000
first year; stands investigation. Call 10 a. m.
No. 7."9 Market St., Room 4.
$250 FOR - half Interest In good paying and
Kiowing business. 310 Telegraph ave.. Oak-
land.
MINE owner wants $2000 backer; money se-
cured by property; $1500 bonus given for 4
rnontlus' use. Bex 2788, Call.
$3500— NEW store, new fixtures, new stock;
city; full amount Invested; a bargain. Ad-
di-oES box 2203. Call office.
WANT to retire; elegant photo studio for' sale
cheay: none better «ln this city. Box 2531.
Call office. ■
$CW — LAUNDRY route, wagon, harness, etc;
clearing $100 per month; full investigation.
Box 23C8. CalL
$300 WILL buy a good paying bakery: will
benr full investigation. HAWKS & MEHR-
TENS. corner Seventh st. and Railroad ave.
Alameda. !
FOR tale — Small restaurant: price reasonable.
Call at premises. a30 Washington ' st. cor.
Powell. •-*■....
$50 — WORKING partner; collecting; steady
work; trial.- 47 Geary st.. printing office.
FOR SALE — Delicacy and hom*> cooking store-
Vteady boarders : price reasonable. 410 »th st.'
JAPANESE restaurant and cho» house for
sale; cheap; leaving city. IDS 'Mm.
LIQUOR store and saloon; fine wine cellar- cood
lease; good comer. ■ 2S98 1 6th. cor. Howard.
BARHER shop for sale at 461 Seventh et.
Oakland: going away.
FOR sale— Saloon and restaurant; cheap. Call
831 Howard Et. . ;•<■'.,
FOR *ale— Saloon tvlth lease. Apply 200 Ninth
St.. front 10 to 2. ,
ROUTK 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San. Francisco Call office.
A BRANCH of Ace of The Call lor ihe~ recep-
t ion. of; advertisements ana subscriptions has
been cpencd at 1008 Market' «t.. opposite
Filth. Open until 11 p. m. % ■T^-.'
THE SAN ..FRANCISCO, GXLU' SATURDAY; DECEMBER 17. 1904.
BUSIHESS CITAITCES— Contlanea. ■
A— CAMEi.ON & CO.—- — Phone South. 1000.
;> EUdy st.. cor. Maiket and Powell.
Headquarters lor all kinds oi business chances.
For sale — Several good business prappsitions for
investors, ruch us cigar stores, jSwceriea and
burs. ba!«iies. furnishing goods, merchan-
dise, country hotels, restnurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;
wouid be pleased to have you call and inject
our list. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale— First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent, fix-
tures and store up-to-date; established li
years; fine new stock of goods: has never
changed hands; now clearing $-"550 and over
per month: best reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. See CAMERON &
CO. - .
For sale— Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; f>0 rooms; rent only $150: 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, ■ grow-
ing town; present owner mado fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
For sale— One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood and coal yards. S. F.; cheap rent:
horses and wagons; well equipped; present
owner retiring from retail business; saaran-
teed to clear about $^60 per month: books
open for inspection. CAMERON & CO.
Exchanges made in all kinds of real es'a^f'
rooming-house and business chances. CAME-
RON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale — Well located cyclery; vent $125: 3-
year lease; sell, rent and repair all kinds of
bicycles: carries full supplies; agency best
wheel oa market; does business of $1500 to
$2000 per month; goods at invoice. CAME-
RON & CO.
Fifat-clase saloon downtown: 2 blocks from
Market st.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$1S to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price $1000. CAMERON
& CO.
Harness and saddlery shop, well located; rent
S12; well stocked ; fine wax machine: all
bench tools; everything goes;'- price $1000;
more than value in sight; retiring from busi-
ness. CAMERON &. CO.
Wanted— A good business man with $500 cash
to associate himself with practical surveyor
for establishment of land office; new reser-
vation Just cpenlng up; has been in employ
of Government on same land for 3 years; an
opportunity of a lifetime; expenses from
start. CAMERON & CO.
CA21PST BEATXXTG AND CI.EANIHO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rues also cleaned 'jy" compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F._Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 306 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
6end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing wcrk*, 355-357 Teharoa st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S08 Har-
riFon st.: Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN tt CO.: phone Mission 225. »•
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpvt cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carp<t Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
3tODGIKQ-EOUSESPO3BSAXE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
40G Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market fits. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
No. 37.
OUR BEST proposition in a straight rooming-
house; new and modern
building; new kajsomin-
lng; new painting; new
carpets; new birdseye
maple and mahogany - fur-
niture; full of high-class,
steady roomers; long
lease; 4 blocks north ol
Market on best street car
line; clears $175 monthly;
37 rooms; would exchange
for apartment-house clpar-
* ing not less than $400
monthly; ' will pay cash
difference.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
~* Corner 3d and Market sts.
No.- a.
11100 FOR 22-room house near Ellis . and
Hyde; rent $65; same own-
er for 15 years; honest
owner and honest bouse;
clears $75 . monthly. -year
after year.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
"No. 100.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 100 rooms, especially
well located: nice furnish-
ings; . guaranteed monthly
profit $448; .very fine / se-
lected class of occupants;
house is highly recom-
mended.
MARION ORIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
Corner Sd and Market sts.
No. 17.
17 ROOMS (3 unfurnished): $350 down and
$G50 In payments of '$10
monthly: clears $73 month-
..* ly; sunny side of street;
full of nice people; flower
garden; back yard.
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 40.
SICKNESS of owner causes sale of a 40-
room workingman's house;
always full of men room-
era and clears $125 to $150
monthly; south of Market:
rent only $110. Make
some offer to •
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
~*. '•.'- '■'.'- Corner 3d and Market sts.
• ■ - No; 28. •'■"'• •• ' " :■"
NEW and MODERN house of 28 rooms, cor-
• •..;■ . ner north of Market;. 5-
year lease; electric lights;
1 most beautifully furnished;
eminently respectable, quiet
and refined; full' and a
waiting- list of applicants;
owner. in hospital.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40tf Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 68.
DEPENDABLE houses? • Why. yes. , here .'s
one of 68 rooms guaran-
. teed to have a monthly > la-'
■ come of. $430 over rent: 7-
year lease: modern
ing; electric elevator; very
fine, furnishings; owner
Ftck.
Houss worth . , $3000
Will ; eell for. ....... .$5700
You pay down .. ....$3000
You pay In installments
$2700
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
Comer. 3d and Market sts.
■
/ No. 18.
$250 DOWN and $250 in S10 payments takes
an 18-room « NE. corner
flat, clearing $48 monthly;
rent $33;. it's the biggest
bargain for little money; 4
blocks north of Market. -
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
Corner 3d ■ and Market sts.
No. 9.
DEATH causes eale of a 9-room house neai^
Sutter and . Larkin; , ront
. $38; newly furnished; make
us an offer quick.
MARION GRIFFIN. "406. Examiner building.,
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 14.
FINE OAK furniture, fine Brussels carpets, ! li
, outside rooms; 3 blocks* of
Market: profit $55 • month-
ly: rent . only $48; price
$750- >4 cash. •
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
■■ Corner 3d and Market/ stg.
MITCHELL & CO.'. id
1200 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 29S1. '
Rooming and apartment-houses. -hotels, fiats.
Sold to nutt purchasers. -Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT -YOUR SERVICED
A — HI ROOMS: O'Farrell: rent $SO;.for ..$1100
21 rooms; Post; rent $90; only... ..*..-. $12C0
We absolutely guarantee titles. :
A — 52 rooms; new apartments; rent only $0
per room; 2-3 rooms and bath each; 'this Is a
golden opportunity; see it and you? will .like
it. MITCHELL & CO.. exclusive agents.
SPLENDIDLY equipped i' apartment house, 75
rooms, Berkeley, . Cal. : CO rooms occupied; no
ngents: Apply 1003& . Broadway, room'* e,
: Oakland. '4S^0BVPPttBHBdHH9HBHBMl
WELL furnished 14 : room house can be secured
for $600 cash if -' purchased to-day, or * will
trade. Address 2 12 Tost; st.
LODGIITO-HOUSES POE SAIiE — Con.
A— CAMERON & CO. -Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.., cor. Market and Powell. <
Headquarters ' for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
s All Kinds of Business Chances.
Look this up; 'here is i a chance .to get fine
little home, combined with business: you can
, live rent, free and. make some money , besides;
I this house of 9 rooms, rent only $-J2 B0; fine lo-
cation on: California st. : well furnished; some
new carpets; ■ newly - painted and papered;
everything: In fine condition: piano and sewing
machine gooe ; price only $650.
• You can't beat this beautifully -. furnished.
I 100-room. downtown house: carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
steam heat: In fact, everything modern and up
to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leaving
City. ' . .. '. ■ »;'
This speaks for itself; 15 rooms, furnished In
oak; new. carpets, and full to the roof with
good people; which brings In profit of 575 per
month; sickness compels sale.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on 'Post St.; full nicest kind of room-
ers; n?w and modern throushout: brings in
nice income; furniture in oak. blrdseye maple;
velvet and Axminstep- carpets; cost $1800 to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
: big bargain; $1200.
t . . ■ ■ ... . •
Here Is 14 rooms; Van.Nesn; furnished In oak
and mahogany; good carpets; all full; clearing
nice little salary every month; it is yours at
$600.
First-class investment where you can earn
$2400 c«r year on expenditure of $1500 in 46-
room house; rent only. $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter St.; always full; best of oak
furniture: good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter at.; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish.
, We have a 9-room flat, new, modern build-
ing, sumptuously furnished; carpets. cost $3 60
per yard; beds cost' $100 each; hair mattresses
cost $35 each ; new S months : actual cost to
furnish. $5000; . must go East and will take
$2700; half cash, balance C per cent per annum;
everything ready to step right into. an elegant
home.
-■ . -^ —
Here is 16 good rooms, close In, with 3 rooms
not furnished, but are all full and pays $50
per' month above all expenses; owner taking
larger house ; ■ price $1050.
14 sunny rooms., close in; rent only $60 per
month; some new carpets: everything nice and
clean and pays well; price $900; $400 down,
balance time; a fine chance. ■
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $65; must dispose
next ten days; make offer.
Grand, new. modern. apartment-house; beau-
tiful buifcing; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent: only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny'st.: has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
' •
Big ; snap: 81-room apartment-house: rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$00 per. month; will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $950.
Here is the cozieet and most complete house
of CO rooms, superbly furnished with everything
that good taste and 'judgment could suggest,
combined with an elegant, new, modern build-
ing; every room occupied and clearing a fine
profit, and sickness is the only cause for dis-
posal. .
Golden opportunity to get nice 7-room flat-
rent only $40; water, garbage and Janitor ser-
vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; carpets
body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $S0O; now $450-
obliged to leave city.
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6- room I
flat; Sloane fitted It up 6 months ago and cost
considerable over $900; think of the rent only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap;' $400.
We have a number of special bargains in
flats of 6 to 10. rooms, .new and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must be
sold, either account of sickness or departure.
Hav<» large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3. Eddy st.
FOR sale — Lodging-house; 28 rooms; near Hl-
bernia Bank; good income; no agents. Box
1237. Call office.
FOR sale — Very cheap, 21-room house in cen-
ter of city. Inquire 319 Taylor st.
UPPER flat, finished attic; modern; 16 rooms;
rent $00. Corner Laguna and O'Farrell sts.
CLAIKVO YANTS.
A—. EXTRAORvi^n^OrPORTuitiTrf*** 1
V RICH O ARD nS MAYO^ '■
At Reduced Charffes.
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week.
. No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name; your age, occupa-
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies - are as real j as though they stood
before you. ■ -■: • ■ . •
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores 'lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels
TELLS YOU WHEN -AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And. how to WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you. and how-to DE-
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS. •
Permanently located. - - Thoroughly reliable
Ellis St.— 421 A— Ellis st.
Hours — 10 a. m. to 8 p. "; m. Private 'flat.
LIVINGSTONE,
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE* INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
S VOYANT READING, CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 26% KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION-^ . ~ ~~
MRS. DR. CLARK
The well-known medium and clairvoyant,
may' be' consulted on all affairs re very hidden
mystery revealed; she will show ycu how to
overcome your enemies and unite : the sepa-
rated: tell your entire life, past, present and
future; satisfaction by mail;, send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business. medium, is located at 17 Third
st... near Market. She reads your life cor-
rectly., gives accurate, description of" the past
present. and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs. In. life: as a proof of her psychic
power she will; tell you what you called for
FREE of charge: .«5 reading this week. $1-
Eatlsfactlon guaranteed.-- '■ '' .■ • • ■
ISMAR, Egyptian soerees. The Vendome. 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours— to
a.m." to 5p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day. evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, ' mrd lum : bo"rn
with double veil and second slsrht; tells past
present, future: 1. 00c: r. by cards $1: palm-
lstry full life read. $1.. 303 Jnneg. nr.-Kddy.
-MISS M.' .WILLE. 310 Ellis St.. claTrvoyli^
crystal Feer ar.a life reader, toll* you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: name* trlven: - $1:. hour*. -. 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted, clalr. and palm •
r -f v r aIs J 0Ve ' ma "laEC.\ business: etc.: L. GOc;
G. 31; hourg 10 to f); namw. 714 Franklin st.
MME V'KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when; others fail 'try me; read-
ing!' 25?. 321 O'Farrell »t.:t>l. Red C5-t7.
j MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card render, has
, returned: Mttlnyajjally. • 1CS Oth ft.. rooms 1-2.
MRP. BAUMANN. the: well-known fortune-
teller, is now at. .".17 Ellis st. :-
A-MRS. J. J . bus. medium' 1 and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 14. > Gait House
C, MAYO, STEERS, trance m»dium.~ 305 Lar-
; kin. -room 49; readings 1. to 5; tei. South 31»
. ■_■'_; CBEPIT . CIiOT»rrBTft8
C. F. ADAMS~CO.. 3lsl Mason' St.— Clothing
for. everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
CIiOTHHTQ BENOVATI1TQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring a^d
dyeing. Bon Ma rche. Examiner bldg.. r." 410-
plione Drumm 44. 1 Call for: and deliver f re«.
w^^JjOJi^CTiON orricEs. •-.
UAD tenants, ejected for 54 : , collectionsTmado •
„" e.ty:- or countrv.. Pacific Collection* Co. 415
Montgomery ' nt.. • rooms n-10.'.Tel: Main 1 0380.*
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & MUUneryTsehooW
, ; Patterns cut to measure; eve.' class. > 1010 Mkt."
Accordion.' sunburst and knife . pleating. U Stew-
art a button and buttonhole factory. llO.Taylr.'
TO ADVERTISERS.:
Owing to the large
amount of work , incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO :
D I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted'
for , that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after q
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
: :r early.,
•i— : ; r
smrrxsTS.
A. NEW plate — The Whalebone^CannoTbreai";
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; tillings 00c-
plates, f 5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. BOc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor.Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;flllings.25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,2O4 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist,r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bld.,80fl Market, cor. OTarrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st. '
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave. .v ;
■ K^_ EDUCATIOKAI.. - '
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited . preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refe. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping.' penmanship,
./■shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
, Post st., 8. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send - for prospectus. •
A SUCCESSFUL college; new. large rooms";
perfect light; all graduates are getting poel-
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 18t>4. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
Established 1863; largest in the West; an-
; nual enrollment 1000; aend for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. | branches. $5 mo. : 47 les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posl-
tion; indiv. instruct West. -Bus. CoL, 1281 Mkt.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and.Thurs.. 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A — GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin,, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 522 Eddy st.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledge.
with TARR. expert, 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Haight st.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing; 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Misa M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION- Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night . class.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlcs
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. S39 Sacramento. | Tel. James 5231.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
' Chinese help. 426 Powell. St.; tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. . 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 gay.
EMPLOYMEKT WANTED— FEMALE.
A — WAITRESS, expereinced,' wants position;
hotel or restaurant. 324 Mason St.; phone
Black 2398. - ; ■ ......
A— STRONG young woman wants nurslnsr or
care of invalid. 324 • Mason st.; phone
Black 2306. '
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means,
wants to go in good steady home; wash
dishes or other light work; . is a good plain
cock; carfare. $2 50 week. Address 106%
Third st.. room 25, first flight. - ■ ■
A — BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady; ex-
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
systems; highest references; last position 5
years. Box 2373. Call.
A WOMAN wants work by 'day, laundry or
cleaning; terms ?1 25 per day or 75c half
day. call or address Laundress, 6S3 j Har-
rison st. ■ • - . -
A TRAINED nurse wishes position. In- hospital,
care of insane, sick or private; have had ex-
perience; exc«>H»nt references. Address 313
Fifth st., Oakland. !
A CAPABLE woman wishes work for Mon-
day and Tuesday, washing; won't go out far.
_Call 145 Twelfth st.. room 8. '
TWO Finnish girls would like a position at
general housework. 322 Fremont st. |
A GIRL wishes place to take care of children
or assist In light second' work. Call 1 Polk.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants place as second
work or care of children. Box 2739, Call.
GERMAN Eirl wants work in' kitchen v or any
'other* kind of work. 154 Fourth st.
EXPERIENCED infant's nurse wishes a posi-
tion-city references. Box 27X{. Call.
EXPERIENCED Parisian 'dressmaker would
like a few more day engagements: perfect
work guaranteed: $2 50 per day. ■ Box 2513,
Call office. ' • ■ * - -■■■"■■■■
WANTED— By ; : m!ddle-nged woman, house-
• work half day in exchange for sunny room
and board; lower floor; no; basement. Box
20.-.2. Call.
A YOUNG girl wants work in plain family
where will be treated as one. of the family;
fond of children. Box 20O4. Cull office.
WANTED — By colored •" woman, .. situation as
"second girl or general housework. 222 East
Fifteenth st.. East Oakland. ■
A COMPETENT young woman wishes house-
work and conking in a good family; .wages
email. Box 2512, Call.
A • COMPETENT . laundress and house-cleaner
wants work by the day, $1 23; references.
Box 2511. Call. ' ■■;.'*■;'.
STRONG American woman wants work; first-
class ■ house ; or office cleaner; $123 per day:
, good I references. Box 236.'), j Call office.
COMPETENT woman would like a position as
i nurse for children; can give best references;
. : wrsps $20 to $25. Adress 3C6S Klghtenth sC
t A BOOKKEEPER .with knowledge of-type-
■- writing: -can Rive city references. Phone
Mint 167. 1 ?, or box 1805, Call. '
JAPANESE girl wants position to do cooking,
i washing, housework. $5 up a week. YOSHI
'•'417 Jones it.; tel. Hyde 1(175. . ,
AN experienced apprentice for coatmaking.
'.-■' Box ; 2518. . Call.
-WOMAN '-wants position 'as- housekeeper or
; cooking. . ; Box 2.'160. Call. .-. - - ■ - ~> r
EXPERIEKCED. Infant's nurse wishes -a posl-
tlon: city references. Box 1 2548 'Call office.
. EMPtOYMIiSTWAOTEa-'BALE.
YOUNG man. IS, wishes position in office;
Christian, honest, willing, quick: can be
useful in any office capacity. Willing, box
':. ' . 271*1 ,"; Call.
GERMAN, 22. wants position' as assistant on
; book3- or general" office work; typewriter;
'. talks - Spanish. ' : French, ;" German,- English.
Box;2554, Call.
A LANDSCAPE kardener. wants place to do
' planting .or ,DUt in .new ■• lawn;- first-class
work. ; Address GARDENER.217 Minna at.
GARDENER- wants ; position on '. private place;
■ married;; no children: best • of references; 0
...years on : last j place. 1 Box -2657," Call office."
BOY wishes a nositlon after school; age 14.
- Box- 2«36.« Call orflce. \ .. I
WANTED— A Job to run, elevator -by .'good,
, steady, sober man.' Box 2570. Call office.
I TiTW-PT^WTwrTRgT^WAMTfgP^^galf — Con
A FELLOWCRAFT, 30 years, wants work of
any kind except canvassing; has had o
years' experience as- a watchman. W. 1^.
D.. 124 Eureka st..S. F. ■£• -'•
POSITION wanted by a , younir college grad-
uate from East,— with manufacturing con-
cern; can furnish, references • and bona »
necessary. L. A. GARY. 1523 Stanton st..
Alameda.: Cat.- v ~ ' .
MIDDLE-AGED- Gerraar. wants to take care
of a place; knows veseUbl* and flower gar-
dening, pruning; handy with carpenter tools;
can milk, and take care or horses; city or
country. Box 23(51. Call.^
WASTED-A situation bjf a good sober engi-
neer familiar with Corliss and other make* of
engines. -air compressor? dynamos and mo-
tors; good references. Box 2367. Call office.
STEADY young man wishes to run errands
from 7 to 10 a. m. and between 9:30 and 11
P. m. : best of references. Address box 2S32.
Call office. . ■_
A SCANDINAVIAN man,- 25 years old. wishes
position as houseman cr do Janitor work in
the city or country. " Address J. A. M-. S£S
Mission st. »
A BRIGHT young man of 17 years wish»s to
work in wholesale house where advancement
could be had; best of references. Address
box 214S. Call office. '
MIDDLE-AGED German wants .position; un-
derstands gardening, pruning, etc: handy
with : carpenter tools and horses. Box 1135.
, Call office.
EDUCATED box. aged 19, and willing to work,
wishes position evenings In some store dur-
ing the holiday season. Address box 2959.
Call office.
ENGLISHMAN,, experienced, wants position
as coachman or second man; good references.
Box 2520, Call office.
WANTED — By young man. opportunity to
i learn nursing in hospital or sanitarium. Box
2519. Call office.
A YOUNG' man of 24 wishes a position of any
kind; willing to work. Address box 2517.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED baker, age 30, wishes posl-
t ion on bread cr cake in city or country; ref-
erencea. Box 2370. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady evenings.
Saturday- and Sunday position. Box 1262.
Call office.
TWO young men, 19 and 20, honest, willing,
educated, wish position at anything. Box
2515. Call office.
WANTED — Situation by a young colored man
as butler or Janitor or presser. 1109 Camp-
bell St.. Oakland. Cal.
ELDERLY man wants work as choreman or
take care cf horse and garden; wages $10
per month. Box 2506. Call. .
FRENCHMAN, first-class barber, not speaking
English, wants small place In city- or coun-
try; speaks Spanish. Box 2909. Call.
YOUNG Beri Israel desires to become agri-
culturist: wants work on a farm. LEON
BROWN. 622 Sacramento st.
YOUNG man wishes work in fruit store: wages
reasonable; best references. GEORGE
HEART. 216 Sixth st.
YOUNG man wishes position In drugstore; un-
derstands prescription, Latin. French; best
of references. G. HEART. 216 Sixth st.
BY young man of 21. any kind of work for
small wages: must have work at once. Box
2508. Call office.
YOUNG man, 23, wants work of any kind; has
had some experience in house, cleaning. Box
1712, Call offlce>
YOUNG man' wants .work of any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc.
Box 2340. Call office.
WANTED — Position in private family by good
first-class cook. Box 2576, Call office. |
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook In
family. SING. 758. Clay st. .
FIRST-CLASS carpenter, wishes work; $40 per
month. Box '2521. Call office. ■
TWO young and' strong Swedes wish labor of
any kind. Box 2550, Call. •
SACK sewer and. sack tender would like posl-
{ tlon. FRANK VARGAS. 628 Pacific st.
WANTED-^Set of books to keep evenings. Box
2872. Call. >.;< •
JAPANESE young man wants, situation to do
cooking and general housework; has experi-
ence; several years' good reference. ABE,
258 A O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE, experienced In housework and* all-
round 'servant desires a situation as school-
boy. S. NISHIJIMA, 511 Bush, st.: phone
Black; 5034. ' ,
A JAPANESE very honest . boy wants good
plain cooking and housework; no wash;
small family: $0 week. Y. TANAKA. box
2505, Call office..
A JAPANESE wants -housework - or helD in
kitchen; wages $3-er $4 a week. S. SUGI-
NOTO. 420 Powell st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work. K..TAYA, 546 Haight Bt.; phone Page
8028. .: "••
A JAPANESE wants housework or help In
kitchen; wages $3 or $4 a wesk. S. SUG-
INOTO..420 Powell »t. _•
AN-honest Japanese wants afternoon work. 4
to 8; waiter or kitchen help; housework. R.
WADA. 931 Sacramento st.
SITUATION wanted by Japanese first-class
butler, who arrived from Eastern .country;
ha« good ref erences. . 804 Stockton it.,rm. 35.
JAPANESE, experienced In cooking and house-
work, desires a situation as schoolboy. MOR-
PHY MATER. 258A. O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work. • K. TAYA. 546 Haight st.; phone Page
3029. - ■ :_j_
GOOD Japanese boy wants any kind, of work
In the morning a* few hours. 1020 Larkin st.
GOOD Japanese wants situation as schoolboy;
good English. H. EZAKI, 714 Post st. TeL
• Sntter 1731. ■_ .
JAPANESE boy wants position as- helper to
baker; pay. $20 month. Address 518 Jessie.
A ; JAPANESE school boy. very fine family
cook; wages. $4. M.. 2310 California st. •
AN honest Japanese boy wants work: any kind
of store or factory. S. RAY, P30 .Sacramento.
A JAPANESE wants a position at night or
morning work. T. P.. 1543 Larkin st.
YOUNCJ Chinese wishes position as 'cook In
/arn.'ly. Call at Sans Wo Sang & Co.'s, 613
Jackson st.
A FIRST-CLAPR Chlneye cook want.« position
in family. LEE. '714 Washington st.
CHINESE, first-class family cook, wishes po-
sition. N. S.. 7-'M Sacramento st. S
■■"-," . ECZEMA CUBE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure: a trial treat-,
ment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
riNANCIAL.
THE P.EALTY SYNDICATE.' . 1
Capital paid in $4,000.000 00
Surplus r. ..' 940.901 89
Issues
Elx per cent
Investment Certificates)
At par.
Office — No. 14 Sansome st..
San Francisco, Cat.
I CCMI'a.MB'S formed: mining or patents: stock
fold; stront; Ka«f»rn connection*: sd vice free.
Write A. F. HARAPZTHY. B22 Cro«»I-T bide.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
service absolutely tree: take . advantage of
thin department; it wilt save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-58 Geary
St., on the square. -
COTTAGES, houses «nd flats to let; every de- ]
slrable vacant place in San Francisco on <
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; 'come in and let us know what '
■ rent you want to pay and. the locality; "wa
do the rest." Sterling '- Furiture Company,
1039 Market st.. opp. McAllister.
AN elerant sunny corner flat will be vacated
the 22d. : 6 rooms and bath; must.be seen to
be appreciated: rent $40. Inquire 799 Cole
st...cor. Frederick. ■' ■. »
HOWARD. 2«ir> — Lower flat of «■ rooms and
hath; rent $22 50; warm belt of Mission; no
: fog.. -
ELEGANT, new upper flat. 8 rooms with attic,
beamed • ceiling - paneled dinlng-rocm; rent
low. 1338 McAllister, st.
A' SUNNY corner 6- room' flat: bath; basement:
■■ half -block from Market - st. ;- Eighteenth and
Castro «t. cars. ,3945 Seventeenth st.
NOE. 1062.- corner Elizabeth — Sunny corner up-
per flat; new; 6 rooms and bath: modern ira-
■ provements; convenient to 2Hh-Castro car*.
PIJtTS_TO LET— Continued.
NEARLY nzvr upper flat, 4 rooms and ba:h
336 Tehama st.
A CLEAN, sunny flat. 4 rooms. yanJ. aduJ:«
$12 50. Inquire 1111A Jones it.
LEAVENWORTH. 131!>Vi— Flat of '4 rooms;
yard and gas; rent $12.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery »t.
FLATS FOS SALE— PTTKinSHED.
PINE, 7:^— Five sunny r. and b.: well farT;
rent $23; sell or trade for small business.
A MODERN sunny upper fiat of 7 large rooinT
completely furn. 4 months ago. 917 Janes'
PINE. 7S2 — Five sunny r. and b. : well fur;
r"nt* $25: gell or trade for small bus i nesst.
yXTKNITTTKE WAUTSO.
•'WEriiT GET YOUR BUSINESS"— We pa >
the most money for furniture, carpets, offlc*
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market St.. b*l
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
______ __
Salesroom, 113» Market st. Tel. Jess!* 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, oraca fcr-
nlture, etc.. until you get his estimat*.
MILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture t_a»
dealers or will sell on commission. L. EL
BURP, ana. 1638 Market; phone Jaastt 235.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission it. b»-
for« ■eliinc your furniture. Phone Red 4482.
TUimii'lJ—E fOB WATiTI.
FOR «ale — Massive oak bedroom suit* aad
other furniture and ball carpst; all a«w.
Call after 1 p. m.. 249 No* st. .
ALMOST given away; storage pianos, furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. Whitebtad'a
Storage: open evenings. 163d Itarket at.
HENRY MAYER pays highest pries* for fBJ»
nlture. carpets, etc 782 Mission,: tet Bush SU
KELP WANTED — 7SMAX-B.
2^00ol<ani3^LrX$^57T^cond girls. $20 and
$25; housework, Palo Alto, $35; second girl.
Palo Alto. $25; 2 cooks, Alameda. $30 and
$35; 2 maids and seamstresses, $23; Infant's
nurse, $".0; nurse and second girl. Berkeley,
J_'0; housekeeper. $20; nursegtrls. $15 and
$20; housework for Colusa. $23; lady at-
tendant, hospital. $25: 2 nursas tor hospital.
$20; chambermaid and waitress, country ho-
tel. $20: kitchen helper, $20; waitress, city
cafe. $27 50, and a large number of girls tor
housework. $20. $25. $30. Apply to J. T.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter «.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK Register. Rentlnf A
Advertising Co.. 612-613 Graat building, cor-
ner 7th and Market: south 104. Salesladies
experienced in curio department; »lrl. gen-
eral housework, easy place. $20; four expe-
rienced waitresses, out of to— tj, $23; house-
keeper, private family. $20; four youn« la-
dies for wrapping wire on llttl* batteries,
$25 and us.
A CHAMBERMAID for a private tamlly. 125.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. Bear
Powell.
A. — WANTED— Girls to learn hatrdressmg.
manicuring, etc: trade taught from A to Z
tn 2 wks; tuition $5 to thosa entering now: 3
positions to fill Immediately: positions guar-
anteed at $10 wk. up; only recognized school
of Its kind on coast; day and eve. classes.
233 Geary «t.. room 13. f ;t"~
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season: both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st, r. IX
A — PACIFIC College teaches hatrdressfng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. : six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
reccgnlzed college of Its kind oa coast; day
and evening classes; al! parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell St.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADYWORK:
GOOD PAT. I_VI STRAUSS A CO.. 32 Vi
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IS OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAT 3T9..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS f O"»
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECES-
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAT.
LEV! STRAUSS & CO.
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced corset
saleslady: one capable of taking charge of
rtork. Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.* *
WANTED — Bright young women to sell toy*.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
EXPERIENCED youngr girl, second work and
waitress; wages $25; ref. 0-12. 2709 Jackson.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as cook: 2 In family;
near Yountvllle. Call at 925 Valencia st.
WANTED — A middle-aged woman as a house-
keeper in a small family of 3 adults; waxes
S15: a good steady home. Address F. R..
Tuolumne, Cal.
WANTET>— Chocolate dipper: $10 to $12 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh st.
LADIES for steady home employment: $3 and
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.. room 619.
WANTED — Protestant girl, family of *. plain
cooking: wages $1S. 251 Scott st.
GIRL for cooking and housework; small fam-
ily, eood wages. 224 Sutter st.
HELP WAirrED— MALE.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
Conducted on strictly business principles.
Positions secured for
Office men . Bookkaesarsv '
Stenographers. Collectors.
Traveling salesmen. Accountants.
Office managers. Railroad c larks.
Shipping clerks. Bill clerks.
Law office clerks. Hotel clerks.
General office men in aQ lines business.
302 Starr Kins bide.. 121 Geary at.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO*.
Operators on pant*, vests and coats.
Assistant for photo studio, good chances.
Young man. collect, $20.
Gents' furnishing goods salesman. $73.
Representative for advertising firm. dty.
2 pipe fitters, good pay. ■
Young man. work In brewery. $20i
Wine salesman, good pay*
Men of ability wanted.
51 Third St., suit* 9-10.
POSITIONS FOR THE NEW YEAR.
High-grade salesmen, office and technical
- men. seeking pcsltlons. will find It to their
, advantage to Investigate our plan. Whether
employed or unemployed, we, can Interest
' you. Calls received dally for men for de-
sirable position-* lri mercantile and technical
lines. Our charges are moderate and our
r"*por:*itll!ty is open to your investigation.
/ COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY.
415-416 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary st,-
' AT HORD at SMITH'S * . ■-
Contractors' Agents. 8*5 Tllird rt.
Man for camp corral, bay shore, $39 found.
Choreman, take care 3 cows and I horsa,
nlso deliver milk. $1S and found, city.
Solicitor, tea and coffee, city, cood Induce-
ments. ; • • '
Man fcr dye house, $15 to $20. experienced.
AA— GEORGE DAVIS A CO..
Employment Agency. l.TO Sansome st. rm. t.
Champagne salesman. $20 week.
Printer's salesman. $15 week.
2 men sell gas mantels, $2 day.
2 n«wspar>er solicitors. $2 day.
Tlorkkeeper. who can speak German ISO.
Entry clerk." $60.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton St.— Man and
wife as eook and baker, mine boardinc-
. house. $10O; chef cook, south, $100: dlsh-
} washer. $7 a week; gardener, country. $40
and found; waiter and tend kar, country
hotel. $40. etc ''4t||MMI
THE ROMANY-SHIRK Register. Rentlnr A
Advertising Co.; «12-«11 Grant building-, cor-
ner 7th and. Market: South 104. Al »ent<
furnishing men: gno<1 pay; errand boy. city
store: Al nlano salesman; top salary.
POULTRY man and wife. $5O and found:
private -stableman. $30 »nd found: boy ta
learn molrterm' trade. «5 fijeeki boardlnc
houiw rook. $40 ami fnnnd. and other*. J.
F. CROSETT ft CO.. «CH Sacramento St.
BARBERS— Journeymen barbers of local If.
take notice — Then» will be election of officers
■ • for *th»» ensuing year Monday evening. Opt.
lf». All must be present. Fine of $1 will b»
enforced if not present. Bv or»ler 'of the
executive board. JOS. R. BLEILY. sec.
COMPETENT salesman. gents' furnishing
modsj excellent appearance. Commercial
Clearance Ccmoany. 415 Starr King bids.
BUSHELMAN. expert: wholesale rtotlltng
house; liberal wilary. Commercial Clearance
Comnany. 415 Starr King bultdln*.RAnONA CHOCOLATE CHIPS OR RATONA ! DOrilNiiSillii
_X_P WA_fT_P — TWflTiTt fTrrnttnTinrt
A— MURRAY _ READY. 634-630 Gay st.
Phone Main 5S4S.
THE RJGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THB
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK,
Leading Employment and Labor Agenta.
We gave in l»03 l«04 we hope to
»»tt.000 men work. Increase 60.000.
l-J. ranch hands, 126 and $30 and found.
» prunera. f_6 and $30 and found.
<) dairymen, $30 to $40 and found.
Foreman for a brickyard, boss here.
Tinsmith, $3 to $4 day. '
5 SAILMAKEIiS, $4 DAY.
Dj-r and. cleaner. 5 apprentice boys.
Marker and distributor, eouthern laundry,
115 week.
MARRIED.
Cook and wife, kitchen work, country. $S0 fd.
Cook and wife, mine, Nevada, $55 found.
Milker and wife, Portuguese. $40 found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 hotel cooks. $55. $40. $30 and fee— d.
" Porter*, bell and elevator boys.
MURRAY - READY. 634-630 Cay st.
TO-DAY.
CROWDS GOING. ARE YOU?
COAL MTN_T_>— OREGON— COAL MINERS
OREGON— COAL MINERS— OREGON.
MURRAY _ READY, 634-636 Clay St.
BTEAM ehovel foreman. $100.
Buggy washer, city. $75.
COOKS.
3 r_ nch and vineyard cooks, $30 and found.
2 boys, answer telephones, city, $4 to $5 w_
Colored Iaundryxnari. plain work, hotel.
MURRAY — R_ADY. 634-630 day st.
WANTED — Clerk*, bookkeepers and stenog-
raphers to Dreaare for Government posi-
tions in Panama. Particulars free. Apply
at once Psc'.fle Correspondence Institute,
Grant blfl_.. 1059 Market rt.
WANTED— An Al office man; must have had
■ err mi experience in the handling of ac-
counts and directing of ethers; on* of de-
partment store «xperlenoe preferred. Apply,
f^vlng references, to box 1710. Call.
MAN under 85 from Ean Francisco or vicinity
to prepare for coming Hallway Mall Clerk
examination: many good appointments: ex-
ceptional opening. W. L. COFFEY. Mgr. S.
F. Agency Interstate' Echoole. 465 Parrott bg.
WANTED — Good. Bale?ine_ in bojrs* clothing
department: apply this mornlnc. S. N.
WOOD _ CO.. 740 Market et.
WANTED — Good salesmen In men's clothing
department: apply this morning. S. N.
WOOD _ CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED— Young man to sell gents* furnish-
ing croods. Apply between 9 and 11 a, m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Planing mill foreman to figure and
solicit for millwork: short distance from city
California Saw Works. 20S-210 Mission st.
BARBER wanted Eaturday afternoon and Sun-
day. 237 H Fifth st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
flay. 420 Broadway.
WANTED— 2 bright errand boys at M.
FRIEDMAN & CO.'S. 233 Post st.
COMPETENT retail Jewelry salesman; good
appearance reauired. Commercial Clear-
ance Company. 415 Starr King building.
FOR SALE — 3-c>>air barber ehoo at a sacrl-
fic* If sold by Monday. Call 804 Fclsom st,
MEN — The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade in 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write fcr illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College, 619 Sacramento st.
Lately moved from Clay st.
WANTED — Few high-class solicitors to sell
certificates of deposit In a banking corpora-
tion: some nnancial assistance to those with
ability and Al references; none other need
apply; opportunity to realize $5 to $10 per
£&y. Address bcx 1046. Call office.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active: positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when w«n started. Call
at 25 Third st.
WANTED — Men and wemen to learn the bar-
ber trade, under first-class instructor: only 6
weeks r-culred at GILLETT'S SCHOOL, 611
Commercial st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
227 Third et.; 250 rooms; _5c to 50c per night
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mail,
internal revenue and custom-house positions;
fre* CEtalogTje. Paciflc Correspondence Insti-
tute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market: open evga.
BRIGHT. Ftror.g bny for wholesale grocery
house. Commercial - Clearance Company, 415
Starr King building.
CARRIAGE painter*: ircod chance for good
man; no opposition; cheap rent. Box 87,
Livermore, Cal.
WANTED — Educatedlgmtleman for encyclope-
dia work; $1000 per year; references required.
bcx 1180. Call office.
GET your ehoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 60c. 571 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts..
or 11 Third 6t. Examiner building.
WANTED— Men to fill S50 rooms at 20c per
eight: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec- .
trie llrfat in every room. 6S1 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRT our men's shoea, union made; $1 and $1 50
• pair; foct-form shoes, $2 Z,0; we pay express
charge*. 11 3d St.. Exam, tld.; open till 9 p.m.
BRIGHT office boy. livinjr with parents. Com-
n-.crcial Clearance Co.. 415 Starr King bldg.
SCHOOLBOY to carry morning pap?rs; no
Eunfiay work. Apply 1325 Mission st.
WANTED — A second-hand ice . plant, lmmedi-
ately. Box 1693. 100S Market at.
COLEMAN exchange — Barber chops bought and
sold. Room 80C, Mutual Bank bldg.
4-CHAIR barber chop for sale, $300; owner
going East. 213 Montgomery ave. *
WANTED — « to 6 chair paying barber Fhop;
full investigation; central. Box 2324, Call.
WANTED — To buy a good paying barber shop;
two chairs or more. Box 2514. Call office.
BARBER trade taught absolutely free.
HAIGHT'S. 751 Miseion et.; gee him.
MEN to learn the detective business: paid
while learning. 097 Market et.. room 104.
MEN*. learn the barber trade; tuition free 4o
lucky cne. 741 Howard st.
FATLORS and youn* men fgre»n hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
KEN wsnted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery: sewed soles 10 min.. 75c
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Mor.tgy., r. 415.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, r. 40. PhclaVbld
. Pent Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet, G. A. r!
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at.. n*ar Mar-
ket— 700 roome: S5c nipht; reading rocros;
fre* 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions rece!ved~at
Ca'.l branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep-
ticn of advertisements and subscriptions has
bwn opened et 1008 MarTcet et., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL adzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half I
price. £71 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d ats.
sossrs abd WAOozrs.
FIRE w»>— Whirl** cfVll <Ie»crlptlocWlght-
ly damsred by fire, trrtoke and water, v be
6<M<i at a sacrifice diMrg next 5 i«ys at
O'BRIEN fc SONS'. SOP Golden Gate ave.
CARLOAD rentle driving and business horses.
• lio heavy wagon and truck ho~es. WEST-
ERN HOUSE MARKET. E. STEWART _
CO.. 22o Valencia et.
TW< IL c * r l°,— l8 broke ho" es. weighing from
lf-00 to leoo pounds. at western Hcrse Mar-
-et. E. STEWART _ CO 220. Valencia.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
!1_.«°J-
FOP.
double. $35. 1218 Grove et.
A STYLISH, gentle horse for sale; 7 years
old: trots or paces. Box 1497. CaU office.
*!£?__? C^^^ce." 11111111 ' "*«■• Add —
AUCTION taJe of horses, wagons and harnesa
tvrrr Wedne-day at 11 a. m. ?27 Sixth et
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly CalL
.1% page*. In —rapper, for mailing. $1 per year. "
hottses to _et.
A— PR_CT_b^irt"oTho_~T_ let; send for clr^
colar. O. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery
\J2iT URKISHED or partly furnished home-
Presidio Heights; S rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office.
GEARY. 1511 — House. 6 rooms, bata; U_.
provemente; cas; beth; basement rooms. .
SOUSE. 8 rooms and bath. Inquire 128
Eddy et. .
HOTTS—S TO __T— _ r U_uaTSH_!B.
WELL furnished houses, 10 and' 6 rooms
each; modern Improvements; garden; yard.
419 Oak.
PINE. 2786 — Cory, sunny 8 r. and b.: complete-
ly fur.: large yard; basement; fine locality.
TUBNISHED— rOB SALE.
TEX rooms, nicely furnished, at a saenfloe,
726 Post 8 t, _^
$16 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, nr. Web-
ster. bet.- gutter and Bush. Inquire No. T.
HOTELS. ._' .
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van Xess ave.—
This flrst-claes hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham.
New York, and Moana Hotel.' Honolulu.
t^TAxi.— _-itt Btnxpjnsro.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.'
Installment homes, 512 Callachan building,
will build on your property or buy you. a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due. making your ln-
stallments lega than rent: send for circular.
—ost am_ rousrp.
LOST — On chair car of San Jose train, Sun-
day. Dec 11. lady's wrist bag, containing
cold watch and other articles. Return to
room 11, ferry building, San Francisco, Cal.;
reward.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbemla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of ELIZABETH J. MACKENZIE. No.
241-1110; the finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, at beach, eouth of
Park, black Scotch collie bitch. Suitable re-
ward if returned to 1326 Forty-ninth ave..
Boulevard station, or notify where can be
fcund.
LOST — Dec. 10, lady's green and gold enameled
watch; Initials, "A. M. B.." inside; finder
kindly return to J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.;
liberal reward. •
LOST— Thursday night at Olympic Club, re-
volver. At 34-1 Past st.; reward.
LO6T — Lemon and white setter bitch. Return
to 2210 Stelner St.; liberal reward.
LOST — Tuesday, diamond screw earring; re-
ward. Welis-Farso building, room 26.
' A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
_i LTOCHES FOB glB— .
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; teL Bush 534.
-XATTB-SSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. ' HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.: phone South 216.
■ I— -PICA-,.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to ; their sex can find
Immediate relief by cyJAiltlng Dr. White,
the only craduate rhjTjgtan in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted SFifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the bead. He guaran-
tees relief or no pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are aick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
riEte helped; the most difficult cases treated;
every case taken; immediate relief; no poi-
soning drugs; low fees; my methods will cure
all cases of irregularity; by consulting me
cave time and money; advice free. Office,
1C1S Market st.
LADIKS — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When in
trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
rt-8u:ts or n > charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
DRS. GOODWIN ■•has returned "from' Europe;
estab. 1SS4 in*S. F.» 28 years' experience;
remale complaints only: Drs. Goodwin is well
known to enjoy the implicit confidence of
ladies suffering from Irregularities or other
cenditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; hours 2 to 4 and 6:3Q to 8:30
p. m. 650 Market tt.. second floor, room 37.
LADIES suffer:ng from Irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
pt.; relief guaranteed; no drugs) no operations.
MP.S. DR. KOHL.- reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed.. lOCSfe Market St.. opp. 5th.
MP.S. DR. WYETH. epeclalUt for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed : 30 years' experience. 944 Post st
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies ••prclalist, removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mission st., near
Fourth; home In confinement; 25 years* ex-
perience; best -medical attention; low fees.
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve Spec-
ialist, has arrived; limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farr-H. Tel. East C37.
DR. «nd MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround: cafe, sure, never fails;
(2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom at,, corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS- FOB SA__.
AN easy way to give Christmas presents with-
out straininj? your purse: Select anything
from cur large stock of diamonds, watches,
Je"ta'elry, cut-glass silverware, gold and silver
umbrellas, etc.; deliver you the goods on first
payment; the balance in small installments;
no charge for engraving; call In and exam-
ine our goods. UNITED LOAN AND TRUST
CO., 21 Stockton tt., near Market, Phone
Bush 484.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing., It is beat
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
dtcks. talconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop m;_!l leaks. Write
u. about it. Elaterlte Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 3. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOEH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
CHICAGO Jev.-elry Credit Co.. 25 Stockton et.
Diamonds and Jewelry sold on small weekly
I ayrr.entf. Phone us. Bush 4S4, and our
a_<-r.t will call with samples.
A — Bl*YS. sells or rents gear machinery. eflT-
giufs, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st,
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' . full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton tt. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form ehoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d at.. Exam, bid.; catalog frety
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DERFJMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. upstairs.
AN elegant KeaUkin. good as new. only $70
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stock-
ton Kt.. «ercn<l floor.
SHELVING, etc., for sale; sacrifice; half of!
store for rent; see it at 1478 Market at.
Apply 16 Chronicle building. 3:30 p. m.
LARGE white Polar bear skin, mounted; will
sell at sacrifice. ; Call at fur store, 11 City
Hall square.
PORCELAIN sinks from $1 50 np; closets.
$10 K>. 213 Fourth at.
BUGGY and phaeton for sale cheap. Call 1599
Turk M. ...
ALL kinds of talking machines and records at
LEVY'S, 415 Kearny at.; exchanges made.
BIG bargains in unredeemed diamond pledges
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamond, at
PAUL V. OARIN'S. 114 Sutter st,
TO WET'S furniture polish ' removes spots and
stains; fre« delivery. 870, Fell at. % .
SAFES and casl< registers : new and eeconJ-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st
2D-HAND bldg." material; lumber, door, sash.
plumb, material. The Pol an Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bcurht. sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission at ; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale.' rental;
bargains.- Bullard _ Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE" HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. SOI Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all al-es. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont at
ROOMS papered. H up; tinting, painting.
Hartrnann Paint Co.. 318 Third; tel. Main 413.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, ln'wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; DECEMBER 17, 1904:
I FREE TO SMALL AD PATRONS OF
P-$\ ll bj| j~ JF W £~| ■ i_^_. fcj n _£m l_i Lm lB_ r^\ T*\ 9 «?^. C- * M*\ pj| ■ ■
.-. .'. YOUR. CHOICE OF ONE BOX OF .-. .-.
I ..'. .-..-. OR THE.-. .;. .-. 1
IRnmnnn C7\nrlio^. are a ome production, made in Cali- |
-\amuiia vanui^ forn^ g an ENTIRELY new I
PROCESS, and represent high art in candy making. Special 1
attention is given to the selection of ingredients that makeup |
these candies, and the factory at Berkeley is a model of immac- i
\ ulate cleanliness. I
Ramona Ghocolatc Chips are strictl J ? ure * ni . hoIe - I
| ll— some, always crisp — a < I
! dainty,. delicious morsel. _ ,_, . , • 1
„ In Ramona Dominoes T e ar ' f^*^ ert f ts * I
| ====================== _=_===_=______=__ box of the cleanest and most 1
appetizing candy on the market. v 1
*'They taste like more/' v |
Ramona Candies are on sale everywhere. 1
Free to any person presenting a Small Ad.V... 1
I Thursday, Friday or Saturday j
' FOR 1 j
NO WANT ADS FOR SUNDAY ISSUE, DEC. 18, RECEIVED AFTER 9 P. M. SATURDAY. I
Call Business Office, Third and Market Sts.
Oakland Office - - 1016 Broadway J
MTSCEIi 1XA.M_O~3 VTAITTS.
AAAAAA— BUYS any amount good 2d-haad
clothing; •special price for fancy ladies' and
men' 8 clothing. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. TeLDavis 825. C50 Sacramento st.
INVENTOnS desirous of selling or borrowing
money on their patents, call at United Loan
and Trust Co.. 21 Stocktbn st.. 2d floor; phone
Bush 4S4__
DIAMONDS and precious'' atones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. r. 405. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny St.; phone Black 8036.
Levy _ Redler. highest price for gents'- cast-oft
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 61B Washington
MUSICAL X» BTBPMXHTS. ' ,
a'nUMBER OF BAROAlNs'lji UPRIGHTS?
A small upright, a snap $95
Stodart. mahogany case, flne^ condition. .$135
Grovesteen & Fuller, full sire concert.. J145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $160
# Also a Chickering. Vose. Stelnway.. Weber.
Maann gi Hamlln. Sterling and many oth«r».
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell at.
A GREAT opportunity— We are dosing out
our ertire Seattle stock In 8. F. at prices
never heard of before: all make*; your
tern* are our terms; rents $2 up: allowed -if
purchased. HEINE PIANO i_ CO.. 2S5-237
Geary st...S. F. ; Oakland. 12S2 Broadway.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice — Car. fine new
pianos In storage; slightly damaged by R.
R. wreck; 1ms than |100;. pianos guaranteed;
open eves. -Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Market.
PARTT must sell large Stelnway upright: cost
$700; price $285: will accept payments; > no
reasonable cash offer refused. 3&1 Geary at. ;
BEAUTIFUL new upright ' planoa for rent,' $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT- CURTAZ,: BOO Hayes ■-
ALMOST given away — Storage . pianos, • furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. Whltehead's
Storage, 1636 Market st. ; open evenings. :
$35— EaItERN piano, cost $400. for eal« on $5
lnataUments. 1309 Gough at., near Geary.
OPEN evenings until -Christmas. - Byron Mausy
Piano Wareroome. 308-812 Post st. ,'",-■.- -
A SMAL_~Steinway upright; oost $600; $183
. takes It 237 Qeary «t.
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will Mil tor $90.
■•28T Ge«_T «t. .■'"■■:<■•,■ ■ ■ V-r
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornunr Piano
House. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT ■ uprights, new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Plerce'e Piano : Factory, . Market and 14th ats.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecelian piano
player. BYRON, ■' MAUZY, SOS-312 Post st. '
NEW upright pianos sold , on r $5 ' monthly j pay-
,:; menta. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAllister st.
MTTSICAI. INSTBUMENTS— Continried..
8-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby gTand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe'g. 2S5 O'Farrell.
__ loan.
AAAAA— A CONFIDENTIAL "and" reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries. '
Life insurance ; policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided - Interests. . ~Tr--
■ Goods in bond. .
■ Lesacies. • ' . v
Second and third mortgages.
Estates In probate. .
Life estates.
Special department for loans to ladles on
their notes.
Private of flees for ladies and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO,
21 Stockton st., near Market.
--/•;■. 2d floor. Phone Bush' 464.
AAA A— THE - Portland ■ Jewelry Co. will make
vou very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any. valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month;. If you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you: all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAil MARKET.
Private offices at 21 Stockton st., 2d floor.
. N. B. — The onry loan office west pi New
York that, has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cus-
tomers. .-
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~"
; 601-602-003 Examiner 5 building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly '
Estate, second : mortgages, undivided . inter-
ests,' assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc ; - legacies. J life ■ estates and undivided in-
terests in : property ! purchased. • ■ . •
C^urx.ou. w r.a n tme o nt. Nee Str.ct,y_ confidential.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
"'. ~~ WILL s LOAN ~~
A reasonable amount on
, 1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on ■ real estate.
In city, town or country.
- Low - rate ' of interest,
• Give full particulars
. * - of - property,-. .
' / .Location, etc.
Box 283. Call office.
SAJLARY LOANS— V \ r , ~
Money loaned salaried people without Meor-
Ity or indore ernent, knowledge of employer or
' any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and ; get - terms. Drake. -453 Parrott bid.
HIGHLY/ respectable private ■ place to < obtain
liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry, at 2
. oer.cent interest.- Baldwin Jewelry- Stcre
978 i Market; ■ tel. ' Main 1644. Branch 1192
.Market and 27. Third.,, ,. . . . ; -.
PRrVATE-^-Moriey loaned on salaries without
* security: diamonds : or. chattels; - no 1 fee; no
;. com.; cut rate. 'Cal.' Loan Co., 623 Paxrott bid.
_ MOHEY TO '_ I. OAJT— Contlnned.
— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)--'
• ........ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN .„.
.....INTEREST 5V4 AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
......I PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.....
Suite 107.->10S Crocker bldg. ; phona Main 5924.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d ' mortgages ' or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 38.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
v security; eaey payments; larte busineaa In 44
v principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
1 PER cent on furniture— sr pianos; no removai;
no commission;, no publicity; $25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds,' pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HKSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at,':
ANY amount on country property. L. A. I
SPENCER, 472 , Tenth St.. Oakland. \
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California St.. rooms 14 and 15.
PRIVATE party will ' loan ; money on salaries
without security. " Room ,75, 016 Market st.
SALARIED people on note. • 8. 'F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. , 125-127 Phelan bldg. , Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry:
confd Diamond Parlor, Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you aee
■ us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employee. Room 811. i Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds _ jewelry at 2 per cent
■ mo.; S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned ' salaried people on 'notes without
. lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
_ BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscript tona baa
been opened at - 1008 . Market ft., opposite
:Flfthi k Open until 11 p. m.
~~, PURCHASING AO2_rC_SS. ~
CLARA E. : JEWETT, "purchasing agent: i coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence, solicit-
ed, vj 305 Lark In st., room 49; teL South 319.
"■..■..-, \ patents. .". ;. r ~. .";;;•;:::
INVENTIONS patented.; F. . P. MEDINA, at-
torncy-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg..- 532 Market et.
P-BSO-— X. S.
A A— WHY look old? j
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MM-
■ GILLINGHAM; a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face can be seen dally: write for book-
let. 143 Stockton at., cor. Geary.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face wlth-
. out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color, of youth may be had through my
scientific treatment; consultation and book-
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st.
"REXRADIO" has successfully, treated 1200
"deaf" persons and thousands of (various)
alleged "Incurable" diseases. (See SUNDAY
notices). Hours 2 to 7; 1 Fourth st.. cor.
Market. ■
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, la-
_ proves Its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or atlckiness;
cleanses scalp;at drugglats'.halrdresaera'; ao-
etpt no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1333 Pol-.
MRS. LEOG, the noted mental scientist, has
opened offices at 2214 Howard St.; all dis-
eases positively cared without medicine; to-
'-" baeco — • liquor habits specialty; consult free.
NOTICE^ — Any one desiring to become master
of their own destiny and become an Initiate
In the. Cabala for information. The Philo-
sophlcal Pnb. "Co.. 1429 Market at.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nen wm
trouble*. Office. 320 Starr Kins; bldg.. 121
Geary it. . MRS. HOL6H0USER. magnetic
specialist; ladies and gentlemen. . ■
AUBREY FITCH: Write me; my present ad-
dress Salt Lake City; Important news from
-- London. WALTER. -
ASTHMA and nheumatism cured free. The
Blue Cross Medical Aid Specialists. 1035 M -t.
FANCY and allk dresees carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1E89. 2122 FlUmorest.: phone Geary 2083.
AT lesa than cost; uncalled for aults. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market. st.
YOU can tray $75 worth of furniture for $7 90
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post It., near Pow;U.
ELECTRIC light baths; hot and cold tub
baths. 467 Geary st. .
FACE massage and electric treatments, newly
.open?d parlors. 104 Kearny st.. 2d floor. r. t.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
KEUHAUS CO.. the tailors, 729 Market at.
EASY installments for Men and" Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week: aulta to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market at., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.369 Butter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.&g.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; drees pants $3 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor. cor.Bush . and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN - CO..733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its nautral color.$l at all druggists*.
A BRANCH office of Th* Call for the recep-
' tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
• been opened at 100S Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS A_TX» 3TT— O-OBTS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of flea and Teafdence,
1021% Market ft., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
►_ ■
BLOOD. 4kin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; Jar
past four years at 115-117 Maaon St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easea cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. -Dr. Cottingham, 204 Sutter.
"_ PBOPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior, United States
Geological Survey, Reclamation 'Service,
Washington, D. C, Nov. 28, 1904.— Sealed
' proposals will be received at the office of the
j United States Reclamation Service, Montrcse,
Colo., until 2 o'clock p. m., December - 81,
1904, for the construction of a frame build-
ing for the accommodation of the offices nec-
essary for the use of the United States Rec-
lamation Service In connection with the con-
struction and ' maintenance of the Uncom-
pahgrc Valley project. Specifications, form
of proposal and plans may be inspected at
the office of the Chief Engineer of the Unit-
ed States Reclamation Service. Washington,
D. C. ; at the office of the' District Engineer.
United States Reclamation Serviced Chamber
■of Commerce building, Denver. Colo., and
at th« office of the United States Reclama-
tion Service. Mcntrose. Colo. Each bid must
be accompanied by a certified check {or 5
per cent of the amount of the bid, payable
to the order of the Secretary of the Interior,
as a guaranty that the bidder will. If suc-
cessful, pBomptly execute a satisfactory con-
tract and furnish bond in the sum of 50 per
cent of the contract price for the faithful
performance of the work. It Is understood
that all bids are submitted subject to the
sufficiency of the title to the land upon
■ which it Is proposed to erect the building.
The right is reserved to reject any or all
bids, to accept one part and reject the c
and to waive technical defects, as the inter-
ests of the service may require. Bidders are
Invited to be present. Proposals must be
marked. "Proposals for the Construction of
Office Building;. Uneompahgre Valley Pro-
ject.". E. A. HITCHCOCK. Secretary.
SALE of Government Property — Office Depot
Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery st., San
Francisco, Cal.. Dec. 1. 1004. — Sealed propos-
als. In triplicate, will be received at this of-
fice until 10 o'clock a. m., Tuesday, Decem-
ber 20. 1904, and then opened, for the pur-
chase of damaged khaki clothing:, viz: 122, CCO
coats. 108,049 trousers (foct). 1112 trousers
(mounted), samples of which can be seen at
this depot. Further Information and blank
proposals will be furnisned on application.
Envelopes containing proposals i should b«
marked- "Proposals for Khaki Clothing." to
be opened December 20. 1904, and addressed
to MAJOR C* A. DEVOL..Q. M., U. S. A..
Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Office
Purchasing Commisfary. San Francisco, Cal.,
December 15. 19<>4. — Sealed proposals for
furnishing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence supplies, delivered at such
wharf or wharves or such warehouses in San
Francipco, Cal.. aa per circular to be seen at
this office, will be received here until 11
o'clock, a. m.. Tuesday. December 27, 1904.
and opened immediately thereafter, in pres-
ence of bidders. Specifications, general in-
structions to bidders and blank forms of pro-
posals will be furnished to established deal-
I ers on application to C, R. KRAUTHOFF,
MaJ. Corny. -^.
$20,000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
of Wbeatland. for, sale, untaxable. bearing 5
per cent interest; serial 40 years; bids will
be received up to Monday. Dec. 5. 1904. cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid.
For Information address R. N. MURPHY.
Town Clerk. Wbeatland. Cal.
3-WIWO MACHPTES AWD 8 UPPI—Ey.
IF you. buy a White for a Christmas gift you
make no mistake; you not only get the best
sewing machine on earth, but also a beauti-
ful and useful Christmas present, White
Co.'s office. 915 Market st.
ALL makes: 2d hand. $2. $5, $7. *9; new.$4. $S;
drop heads.' 5 drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
.. S.- M. Co.. 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3706.*
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest: 'second-hand all makes at any
price;' all kinds rented . lowest rates.' Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market at., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5. $S; slightly
used $10. $15. $20; you know where the dolls
. awing in the window. 1051 Market -at.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK, 1915 Mission St.
STOBAQE i__A3~P WAB~HOTrS-B.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnltur-.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
. 731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Graat 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 8 Eddy it. ;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIEF.CE-RODOLPH Storage _ Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell, sts.; teL Prl. Ex. R71.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore at. ;'■ phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st. : tel. ' Main 1840. Shipping at cat rat—.'
STO7 -Bun_or_. '
G^ARANT__b"cureT send 60c! t-bietTorra!
: mailed In plain package; ' has cured thou-
aands. _■ L. C. CO..417 Hay— ard bldg.. S.F.
T y_— . W Kx j:_i-S AKP SU_»PI__3.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
- • Smith - Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher, and lower -prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter; Exchange, 538 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
TO ADYEETISEES.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO ,
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M. -
\ . ...
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
4- 1.
-USA J. -STATE— CTTT — TOS SA X— L
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate A seats
Fnbtiihers of Real Estate drealar.
ft MONTGOMERY ST.
OROWINO PROSFECTTVTB PROFERTTEtl.
$33,000— Over 60x120. to rear street; east ol
Polk st, and north of O"Farrell; 2 fair build-
ings on It now which pay fair Income.
$32.000— Over 48x137:8; not far from _sav«n-
worth and Geary; present Improvements pay
fair income; growing locality.
$30.000— Orer 100 feet front by extra larg*
depth; near Polk and Jackson; larg? building
on It now. which would pay good Income until
improved.
$27.500— Large piece of over 73 fset front
by 137 :8 feet deep; north of Bush, not f_
frcm, Mason.
$27.600 — Fine prospective corner net far fr— m
Eutter and Leavenworth: 177:0 feet frontac*;
good building on It now.
$20,000— Near Bush and Powell, to rear
street; good building, all la first-class order;
u-der secured lease paying 8 per cent; a steady
paying Investment for good future increase.
$20,000— Large piece of nearly 9600 squar*
feet, close to wholesale district and e_ level
with the. wharves and also ta Market at.
118,000— Over 40 ftet of rrontag* by rood
depth; near California and Hyde; good resi-
dence on it now.
$18,000— Rents $1200 a year gnder 5 years'
leas* to thoroughly responsible business con-
cern in the manufacturing district; mortgage
may remain; n<+ taxes or repairs to> pay; aa,
exceptlonally safe buy.
$18,000— 55x137:0. on north aids of Pine, not
far from VaA Ness; good residence/ on tt now,
which could be changed Into 2 flats and also
2 more flats built on the lot; It would then pay
a fine income.
$15.000— Near Oeary and Hyde. 25-fsct frost;
fair 3-story building, pays $80 a aionta now.
112,500— Jessie St., running Into norm aid»
of Mission; good 3-story frame buiMlng of 23
rooms, paying $70 a month; rented very low,
$12,500 — Over 89 feet front; near California
and Hyde: temporary frame Improve—Mots,
paying over $60 a month; oould b* mad* to
pay better «ven on old Improvement*.
$12.000— 30-feet front; right ta tow a; on
Pine st; offer Invited.
THOMAS MAGEE _ SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
THOMAS MAGE- - 6ONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOM__tT ST.
E—EVENTH ST. CORNER.
120 FEET OF FRONTAGE.
PAYS T PER CENT; COULD BB MAX>_ TO
PAY 9 PER CENT.
PRICE, $20,000.
Good frontage and extra larg* depth baek to
rear street,
. Over 4200 square feet on ground floor.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS, -
5 Montgomery st.
GRAND RESIDENCE LOTS
AT LOW PRICES. ,
CLOSE TO TOWN.
Prices from $1400 to $2250 for 25 f»«t lots;
you can buy a lot the size you 'want; If 23
feet is not enough take 27:8 or 30 feet or mon
If you like, at same rate per front foot. Quit*
an advantage, isn't it? Fin* views; bltumin-
lxed streets, water, gas, etc. ' Easy terms If
desired. The block is bounded by Derlsadero,
Duboc* ave.. Castro and 14th ata. Tak*
Halght-st cars, get off at either -Scott or D»-
visadero and walk only 2 blocks. See It at
once: over one-half of the lots already sold.
LYON -t HOAG. 116 Montgomery at.
ONLY A FEW LEFT. ■
$1 25 PER WEEK. ■
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
1200- for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to fin* school and Mission -st. electrlo
, cars; bound to double In value.
■ $400 each, on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gat*
Park; thesa are the cheapest lota In this dis-
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
20 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$10,500, INCLUDING bttuminl-ing of street;
terms to suit; 3 swejl fiats not yet com-
pleted: rents $1080 per annum; every kna— a
possible latest improvement: 16 minutes from
City Hall; 8eventh-aver~boulevard. near Ful-
ton St.: close to the park; all-night ca»
service. Call from 1 to 4, Seventh av«., nr.
Fulton st. r .-.' :
MISSION warm belt, new S-room cottage;
modern and complete; part cash, balance oa
mortgage. Apply to R. C. Clark. 820 Bush.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderat*. AHL .
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 830 Howard st
BEAL ESTATE — COUJITKT — Tot Sals.
i
$5000—60 ACRES of land, all under ealttra-
tlon with Improvements, In orchard seotloa
of Butter County; only tare* miles from
county seat and on line of new Irrigation
ditch.
A imp If taken soon, but win not kNj.
M. J. 1T_— TKOS-.
400 Second st_, MarysvUl*. OU.
ATTENTION, HOM_S_BK_RSt
Bend postal for catalogue of the bet laaft
bargains In California. C. M. W0O3TBR CO.,
04S Market st. ' -
CONTRA Costa County Real estate for sal*.
Bend for list. D. J. WEST. Marti-—, Cal.
. __ __ ~AX— EY — — A— EH— »T_.
$300 TO $800— Ten per cent cash, balanc* $19
monthly; fine large lots; graded streets; pur*
mountain water; grand redwood trees;
charming views; right at the station; they
are selling fast; 130 lots sold; send for Il-
lustrated booklet. LYON * HOAO. U3
Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADY-5BT ? S r _rr3
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKX-JTP _.BA_ ESTATB.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
$500 for 2 lots, worth $1000: all street work
and cement sidewalk done. &•« P. C. LJL3-
SEX tt ■ CO.. 400 Tenth st. Oakland.
WE hav* clients looking for Investments la
Oakland property. If you nav» either dooms
■or lots for sale call at our office or null us
fun description and price.
C. E. REED.
468 Eleventh at.. Oakland.
$7000 — HANDSOME new S-roora house; fnr_-
aoe: Lakeside district, near business e*nt*r:
must ■ sell. LAYMANCE • REAL SSTATB
CO.. 4C0-4C2 Eighth st. Oakland. .
A SNAP— Cholcw lot. 110x125. BW. eor. 21st
and Myrtle its.; will be sold as a who!* or
In subdivisions: sold to settle aa estate. 1441
Myrtle at.. Oakland.
OAK— A1TD r~BJ41TU_- TOS SA_S.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains tn furni-
ture. H. Schelhaa s. 11th «t.,cor.ctor»,OaklaJid
For Additional Classified \Adver_*©-
ments See Pa^e li.
1314
SAg MATEO SEAL ESTATE.
' LOMTTA PARK.
A* as investment or for a home site, a 50-
foot lot In Lemits. Park offers exceptional ad-
vantages. Only 45 minutes from the city on
Vthe San Mateo electric line: outside the fog
belt; well located and drained; artesian water:
streets graded; water and sewer pipes laid.
Terms— A first payment of from $10 up and
balance at f 10 per month. Easily within the
reach cf all. First placed on the market Aug.
ust 1 and over half now sold. Must be seen
to be appreciated. Go down and investigate, or
■write to-day — to-morrow may be too late to
6ecure a choice.
SELBT. RODGERS & CO..
Main C73. 1I6 California at.
Also at LOMITA PARK.
HEAL ISTATC TO ZICHABaB.
GOOD Oakland property to exchange for coun-
try property. L. A. EPENCEB, 472 Tenth
St.. Oakland.
BOOKS FOB HOTJSKEEPIWO.
CASTRO, 429, rear — 2 unfurnished housekeep-
ing rooms; large yard; water free; $6.
EDDY, 743 — 2 furnished rooms; parlor floor;
regular kitchen; gas range; sunny; yard.
F1LLMORB, S322A — Three large new cunny
connecting rooms complete for bousekeeping;
rent $16..
FOURTH. 431 — Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping <gas stove): no children.
GEARY, 1225 — Front bay-window suite, comp.
fur. tor hkpg.. with all conveniences: also 3-
room cottage, furnished, $20 month.
HAYES. 332 — Two light, nice rooms complete
for housekeeping, with private bath.
HOWARD. 719>4 — Hctmekeeptng; 3 large sunny
rocme. suitable fcr 3 or 4 adults; respectable;
eo transient.
JACKSON. 964 — Furnished sunsry large front
housekeeping rooms, $7 to (9.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted: free baths; rates reasonable.
LAOt'NA, 1507. eor. Geary— Newly furnished
3 sunny rooms: flat; private family; reae.
UINNA, 646 — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
OAK. II" — Roomp, complete, housekeeping; $3
to $12; gas range; hot bath: adults.
OAK, 407 — $4 month; furnished, sunny, large:
call after S p. r.i.
THIRD. SOS (The Alta)— New management:
strictly respectable; likpg. rms. reas.; others.
TURK. 123 — Clean, eunny. furnished rooms.
with or without board; $5 up; housekeeping.
WALLER. €S6 — 2 or 3 warm, upper, sunny,
fur. or unfur. rooms; bsth; adults; cheap.
WEBSTER. 1229—3 or 4 rooms complete for
housekeeping; phone and bath.
_BOjOaiSjrojLET— -Tuxn^mneL TTnfuxn.
ATKINS, cor. Third et. and Park lane — New
brick building: all Funny rooms; hot and cold
water: electric lights; only first -class house
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Room*
23c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week anl
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Mat«\.t st. (cr No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms, 25c. 5dc. $1. $1 50 night;
II 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOXD Hou?e; over Owl drug store: 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
Iight6: running water in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1530— Unfurnished lower 3
rooms and range; cheap.
EDDT. 432 — Splendid furnished rooms In
choice neighborhood ; very reasonable.
EDDY. 773 — Nicely furnished front room for
one or two; grate, bath; hot and cold water;
private family.
EIGHTH. 10U— Neatly furnished bay-window
fror.t rocm.
COLDEX GATE ave., 439 — One sunny fur-
nis+ied room to let-
GRA.VD Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 00 to $0 wk.; reading-room.
CROVE. 1355 — Large sunny well furnished
rooir. ; running water; one or two gentlemen;
reasonable.
HARRISON. 752'^— Furnished rooms.
HOWARD. C40 — Bunny front room, grate,
f2 ?5 W<NrL.
HOWARD, 715 — Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location. - - -
JESSIE. 307— Nice, i«unny, furnished rooms,
$1 per wtek uj>.
KEARNY. 418— Fine Funr.y front rooms for
?2 50 per »eek: first -cias5.
LARKIN. Sirt'i — Nine large housekeeping
room: gas stove and bath; $12 per month.
MASON'. 1527 — Furni«hed rooms; private: with
rr without cr without bath; references.
MARKET. 1049 tThe Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; bath?; elevator; also hkpg.
MARKET. 1104 — Sunny furnished front roomi
to let.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 123 Third st- — 400
eingle and family rooms :«.<• to $1 50 per day.
S2 to $S per we»k: th» only new and modern
hotel and roomlng-hous* In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric I'Rht?. call bells, eteam heat
In every room and givfs free baths and ele-
\ator service day end night to its guests.
POLK, 107 — A Eunny hailroom.
ROOM? FOn KF.NT. ~ '
The Pacific Coast Room Renting Agency has
opened offices at 289 Post st. If you want a
rf>cm, suite of rooms or flat call and see us.
TVo ran furniFh you furnished or unfurnished
• rooms end rave ynu time, trouble and money.
j Full ascription, prices. <?tc. phone John 65S1.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12ii E'li*— Incandescent llgMe;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladle*?' par-
lor: rooms |*r night. :i5<_- to SI 50; week. $2
to $*>; morth. KS to $33; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EECCNP. 421— Two neat sunny rooms: re-
. rpectable private family; rent $6 and $7.
EKOTWELL. «25>^— Will rent sunnT fur^
tiishtd rocm to elderly lady; very cheap.
'THE ?T. KATHRYN CORNER ELLIS AND
I.EAVEXWORTH STS. — POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THK fITT: XEW
SANITARY HAIH MATTRF.FSES BATH?,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS TELEPHONE PERV
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS ; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
tTXITED £T.ATES, 12.1 Eddy. r.r. Market — 400
room* S.** to Jl night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights ivo gas), running water in every
room; '■levator.read.-tocm; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave., IOCS — (Jood rooms to let; en-
tire house n»wly renovated.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d «.. nr. 'Market-
Most convergent ar.d respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to JS week; Aerator;
elec. lights; readlcg-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recelvedTt
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
ROOKS AZTO BOABD.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 601 Geary St.— Larr*
runny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2
$50 mo.; rtngle, with board. $23 up: special
family rates; just renovated.
TREMONT. 316— Room and board; reasonable.
ELLIS. 453— Splendid single rooms, with best
cf French table board; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 160^The Marchioness^-
Roorrs to let. with board.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Best rccms, table and ser-
vlc« in the city for the least money.
ELLIS. 453 — Fine rurnished rooms in good lo-
cation : ftoe French table board: reasonable.
LARGE, beautiful, sunny double rooms, with
board; reas.; run. water. 308 Leavenworth.
NEWLY furnished rooms, all sunny; hot and
cold water; board If desired. 1155 Octarla.
TURK. 115»— Plfasant rooms, new flat; table
board for gentlemen.
ROOMS WAKTEP.
StrNNT furnished room for light housekeep-
ing for single man; bet. Howard and Bryant
aad 2d and 4 th sts. Box 2558. Call office..
STUTTEBZZrO AND STAMMERING.
EJCPANilOI? Op m'eLBOiJrNeTch'oOiSXI
Dcwr.town. S21 Franklin, near McAllister 8
to 12. Open-air school, 810 Diamond st.: tat.
Capp S173; 1 to 5 p. m. Detail* at either.
STABLES TO LET.
LARGE bam and stable to let. Including three
lots; Alabama and 26th.. Inquire 2709 Folsom.
PITOZgfl KOTICES.
THE Claremont CHI Compmny« regular month,
ly dividend. No. 7. payable January 1, laos,
amounting to $4500, equal to lc per share oa
its issued capital stock, win be paid on De-
- cember 22, 1904, at company's office, room
7SL. Mills building. San Francisco. (This is
not an extra dividend.) Transfer books close
Saturday December 17, 1904, at I p. • m.
CTEO. J. REMINGTON, Secretary.
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
A EARLY.
4 . j.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday a*
follows :
Aaron Altmann, 21, 1017 Sutter street, and
Marie Ruef. 18. 422 Lombard street.
Andrew C. Dahl, 24, 529 Seventh street, and
Petrea I* Jensen, 24. 639A Seventh street.
Louis Mendelson, 25, 438 Seventh street, and
Matilda Greenberg, 22, 438 Seventh street.
Charles H. Patereon, 28, 462 Eddy street,
and Carrie Branson, .23, »05 McAllister street.
Frederick W. Clark, 21. 3278 Twenty-first
•treet, and Marguerite P. Linn, 21. 621 San
Jos* avenue. .
John F. Davlsson. 29. Oakland, and Elin
Gustafsson, 19, 224 Townsend street.
Fred C. Bogle. 26, 3932 Seventeenth street,
and Addle Haskins, 23. 103C Potrero avenue.
Joshua S Hammond, 30, Coronado Beach,
and Anna G. Shultz, 26. Omaha, Nebr.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free cf charge.
BORN.
CURRIER— In Berkeley. December 14, 1904.
to the wife of Raymond Currier, a daughter.
HAYDEN— In this city. December 16, 1904, to
the wife of William Hayden, a son.
ROLAND— In Berkeley. December 13, 1904.
to the wife of Herbert Roland, twin
daughters.
MARRIED.
NESEMANN— ROWLAND— In this city. De-
cember 15. 1904. by the Rev. George W. ]
White, pastor of Central M. E. Church, Enno
F. C. Nesemann of Maryevllle. Cal., and
Sarah I. Rowland of Flint. Mich.
DIED. |
Berre. Thurlen — 72 Mannen- Jqhn — 33
Chester, Frederick— 61 j Mathlson.Haitie G.— 15
Cole, Albert R- — 37 McCarthy, Annie — 23
Dalley. Jame«— 1 Meyer. John C.
Donahoo. Vivian C— 3 Nelson. Lars— 68
months jO'Donnell. Thos. — 66
Farson Cora J. — 39 Ortega. Antonio M. — 3S
Ferronl, Ferruccio — 25 Root James Emerson
Flcken. Henry — «2 ;Ry.den. F. A. — e6
Fox. John — 68 Smiley, Susie J. — 25
Glrzikowfky. Olga — 52 Slattery. M. F. — »«
Jordan. E. M. — 1 mo. -Stefaminl, Umberto— 5
Keller, Frank A. months .
King, Rev. M. Ware. Barbara M.
Knapp, Robert I. — 73 Williams. Caroline — 4"
Landwehrkamp, Pau- Wolters, John B. — 29
line— 30 (Woods. Alfred M.— 53
Liadstrom, John — 53
BERKE— In this city, December 15, 1904,
Thurl«*n, dearly beloved husband of Elisa
Berre. and beloved father of Louis Berre.
a native of France, aged 72 years.
C7"Frlend!i and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December IS. .it 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 140S Mr -on street, between Broad-
yay and Pacific, thence to French Church
(Notre Dair.e des Victoires), Bush street,
•whsre services will be said for the repose of
his soul at 1:20 s. m. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery. j
CHESTER— In this city, December 16, 1904,
Frederick Chester, beloved husband of Jessie
Kelsey Chester, and brother of Mrs. Re-
becca Turner and. Mrs. Elizabeth Turner, a
native of Buffalo, N. Y., aged 61 years 9
months and 16 days.
COLE— In this city. December 15, 1904, Albert
R. Cole, beloved husband of Carrie Cole (nee
Crocker), and beloved father of. Florence,
Alice, Louis and Walter Cole, a native of
Oswego, N. Y., aged 37 years 5 months and
20 days. (New York papers please copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, December IS, at. 10 a. m., at the
mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 3C5
Montgomery avenue. / Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. m
DAILEY— In Oakland. December 16. 1904.
James Dalley, beloved son of James and
Mary Dailey, a native of Oakland, aged 1
year 11 months and 16 daye.
DONAHOO— In this city. December 16, 1904,
Vivian C, beloved daughter of Jefferson
nnd M^y Donahoo, a native of Tuolumne
City, Cal., aged 3 months and 17 days.
FARSON— In this city. December 15, 1904,
Cora Josephine Farson, beloved wife of
Charles Farson, and mother of Constance,
Amy, Winifred, Cora, Bonibelle and Loleta
Farson and Mrs. R. F\ Ha!ne». and daughter
of Captain Thomas Flythe and Mrs. Cora
Tompkins of Berkeley, and sister of Chester
Flythe. a native of San Francisco, aged 39
yearE 1 month and 2 days.
ICTFriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend fhe funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 a. m.; from her late resi-
dence. «C32 Laguna street, thence to St.
Brigld'B Church, where mass will, be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 a. ' m. Interment Presidio Cem-
etery.
FERRONI — In this city, December 15, 1004,
Ferruccio Ferronl. dearly beloved son of
Giuseppe and Favera Ferroni, and brother of
V. Ferronl, a native of Italy, aged 25 years
3 months and 12 days.
FICKEN— In this city, December 10, 1904,
Henry. belo\-ed husband of Maria Flcken
and father of Mabel. Alfred and Frank
Ficken, Mrs. B. Jennings. Mrs. W. Phillips
and Lewis and Henry Ficken, a native of
Hanover. Germany, aged B2 years 1 month
and 13 days. A member of Harmony Lodge
No. 9. A. O. V. W.
£7"Remains at the parlors of Thecdor
Dlerks. 957 Mission street, between Fifth and
Sixth.
FOX— In this city. December 15, 1904, John,
husband of the late Catherine Fox. and father
of Mrs. F. A. Christmas and Mrs. A. H.
Breckwoldt, a native of County Westmeath
Ireland, aged 68 years and 9 months.
C7"The funeral will take place to-day i
(Saturday), at 1 p m., from the parlors of
' J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission itreet.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
GIRZIKOWSKY— In this city. December 15,
l'J04, Olra Girzikowsky, dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. F. Hauser and Edward E.
Glrzl, and sister of Guntave Kartschoke, a
native of Germany, aged 52 years S months
and 14 day».
E7" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday). December 17« at !f:30 p. m.,
from the parlors cf H. F. Suhr & Co . 1137
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.
'Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
JORDAN— In this city. December 16. 1904,
Edwin M., Infant ton of E. M. and Marian
Maud Jordan, a native 'of San Francisco,
aged 1 month and 19 days.
KELLER — In Alameda, December 15, 1904
Frank A. Keller, beloved son of Mrs Caro-
Une and the late John G. Keller, and brother
of John R., Herman, Carrie and the late
vFred Keller, a native of San Francisco.
KING— The Mother Provincial and Sisters of
the Holy Names of Jesus and Mary hereby
Invite their former pupils and friends to be
present at the solemn requiem high mai>« to
be offered for .the repose of the soul of their
beloved benefactor and life-long friend, Rev.
M. King, In the Convent Chapel of Our Lady
of the Sacred Heart. 1534 Webster street
Oakland. Cal Tuesday, December 20. 1U04
at 8:30 o'clock a. m.
KNAPP— In Halfmoon Bay, San Mateo County
December 15, 1904, Robert Israel Knapb'
father of Mrs. John Perry Mrs. George
Shseffer, Horace Knapp. Charley Knapp
and Mrs. Gregory, aged 73 years.
tT Friends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral services Sunday De-
cember. IS, at Halfmoon Bay M. . E. Church
at 12:30 p. m. - " '
LANDWEHltKAMP— In this city, December
14. 1804. Pauline, dearly beloved wife of
Harry Landwehrkamp, and mother of Engel
Marie Landxvehrkarop, and daughter of
Henry Steinker, and sister of Hattle Stein-
ker. a native of Kansas, aged 30 years S
months and 25 -days.'
JCTFriendij and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-dav
(Saturday). December 17, at 10I3S a m
from her late residence. 2560 Lombard s'treet'
• between Devlsadero and Broderick Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LINDSTROM— In this city, December 13 1904
John- Llndstrom, a native of Borgunda'
• Sweden, aged 53 years. «°rgunda,
ETFrlends and acquaintances are resnect-
. fully Invited to attendrlhe funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). December IS. at 10 a. m. from
the parlors of the Western Addition Funeral
Directors. 1724 Devlsadero street, between
Sutter and Bush, under the auspice* of Ara-
pahoe- Tribe No. 76, Imp. O. R. M. Inter-
■ inent Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
MANNEN — In *,-. Ogden. ' Utah, - December 11
W04. John, dearly beloved brother of Michael.
Thomaa and Mary Mannen and Mrs. Cath-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY- DECEMBER -17;: 1904.
erlne Callaghan, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged 33 years.
MATHISON— In thta city, December 10, 1904,
Hattle G., beloved daughter of Peter Mathl-
son, and sister of Samuel and. Edwin Mathi-
son, a native of Nebraska, aged 15 years 1
month and 15 days.
IE7" Interment Rosedale Cemetery, Los An-
geles, Cal. iA ■■-.
MCCARTHY— In this city. December 16, 1904,
Annie, beloved daughter of the late John and
Johanna McCarthy, and beloved el»t«r of
James, Justin, Gertie and-Edward McCarthy,
and cousin of Bart McCarthy and Mrs. Al-
bert Hulsman, a native of California, aged
23 years 4 months and 20 days.
McCAW — In Oakland, December 1«, 1904.
Ambrose B., beloved husband of lone McCaw,
and father of Walter McCaw, and brother of
James, Alexander, Archibald, William, John
and Jane McCaw and Mrs. Mary Taylor of
Montreal, Canada, a native of Montreal,
Canada, aged 49 years.
MEYER— In this city. Deoember 16, 1904,
John C. Meyer, a native of Hamburg, Ger-
many.
t7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 1 p. m., from Eagles' Hall,
■ 731 Market street, where services will be held
under the auspices -of Golden Gate Aerie No.
61, F. O. E. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
. tery. Remains at the parlors of the Henry
J. Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street.
NELSON— In thla city, December 13, 1904,
Lara, dearly beloved husband of Jennie
Nelson, and father of Frank, . Leonard,
Willie and Lillian Nelson and the late Fannie
i Ferrell, and grandfather of Earl Nelson, a
native of Denmark, aged 63 years 1 month
and 2S days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuly Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), December 17, at 1 p. m., from
the family residence. 3525 Twentieth street,
between Mission and Valencia. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— In Hollister. December 16, 1904,
| Thomas O'Donnell. husband of Sarah O'Don-
nell, and father of Joseph M., P. E., Mary,
Frank, Frederick and Loretta O'Donnell, a
native of Ireland, aged 00 years.
CyFunerar at Holllster, Sunday, Decem-
ber IS. at 10:30 a. m. J
ORTEGA— In this city, December 16, 1904,
Antonio M., beloved husband of Catherine
Ortega, and son of Mary and the late, Jose
A. Ortega, and brother of Domingo, Manuel.
Nash and Vina Ortega, a native of Santa
Barbara, aged 3S years. A member of the
Barbers' Protective Association and Court
Golden Gate No. 5, F. of A.
(C?\Krlends5 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
December 18, at 1:45 p. m., from his late
residence, 827B Howard street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
N. B. — To the officers and members of
Court Golden Gate No. 5. F. of A.: You
are respectfully requested to attend the
funeral ■ of our late brother, Antonio M.
Ortega, from his late residence, 927B Howard
street, Sunday, December 18 at 1 :45 p. m.
By order of J. CALMAN, Secretary.
ROOT— In Indio, Cal.. December 4. 1004, James
Emereon Root, beloved husband of Adelaide
B. Sawyer Root, a native of Bristol. Conn.
RYDEN— In Mhis city, December • 15, 1904,
Fredrick A., beloved husband of Kmma J.
Ryden, and father of Rose L., Albert W.,
Francis A.. Richard L., Osiar. May A. and
Emily B. Kyden. Mrs. O. Thorn and the late
Fredrick E. Ryden, aged (56 years 11
Mirthi? aw? 6 days.
CT'Funeral strictly private.
SLATTERY— In this city, December 15. 1904,
Michael F., beloved husband of Florence
Slattery, son of the late Dennis and Johanna
Slattery, and father of Gertrude, Bessie,
Tessie. Ray, Mildred and May Slattery, and
brother of Thomas F. Slattery and Mre.
Henry Gleeson, a native of Massachusetts,
ared 46 years.
CT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3SV4 Twenty-eighth street, thence to
St. Paul's Church for services, commencing
at 12:30 p. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SMILEY— In Oakland, December 15, 1904,
Susie J.. beloved wife cf F.dward H. Smiley,
and mother of Discon and Laura Smiley, and
daughter of Henry and Catharine McGlin- ;
rhey. and sister of Frank. Willie, Rose. and
Mamie McGlinchy. a native of • California,
aged 25 years 2 months and 17 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the parlors
of Durgin & Bieakley, 2200 Shattuck avenue,
Berkeley, tience to St. Joseph's Church,
where services will be held, commencing at
1 D. m. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
STEFAMINI— In this city. December 1C, 1904,
Umberto, dearly beloved son of Eufemta and
Glocondo Stefamlnl. a native of San Fran-
cIeco, aged 5 months and 3 days.
WARE— In this city. December 16. 1904. at
her residence, 2425 Vallejo 6treet, Barbara
M. Ware, beloved mother of Barbara E.
Ware and Jftrs. Oscar Moller of Shanghai,
China.
WILLIAMS— At her residence, 146 Silver
street, in this city, December 15, 1904,
iCaroline, beloved wife of John Francis Wil-
liams, and mother of John F., George A.,
William Henry. Edmond N., William C. R.,
Percy E.. Frederick A. and Harold M. Wil-
liams and Mrs. James Watson, a native of
Melbourne. Australia, aged 47 years and 3
days. • .
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral : Sunday.
December IS, at: 1:30 p. m.. from the
Mizpah Presbyterian Church, Harrison
stre-et. near Fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage:
WOLTERS— In this city, December 16, 1904,
John Blsmark, dearly beloved husband of
Millie Wolters. and. father of Emma L.
Wolters, and son of ■ John D. and Kate
. Wolterg, a native of California, aged 29
years 8 months and 27 days.
WOODS— In this city. December 16, 1904,
Alfred M. Woods, beloved father of A. E.
Woods, a native of Virginia, aged 53 years.
(Alleghany, Pa., and Pittsburg papers please
copy.) i
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
25 Alaska Packers' Assn. b 5... 94 00
10 Alaska Packers' Assn »4 00
25 Cal Wine Assn ....*.....•.... 82 00
20 Hutchlnson S P Co.i 14 75
10 Makawell, b 3 32 00
153 Paauhau S P Co 21 00
■ 50 Paauhau S P Co, b 5 21 00
$4,000 Cal Gas & E Gen M & C T 5s.. 85 00
$.1,0C0 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 105 CO
$o.C00 S V 4s (2d mtge) 100 25
-$^.000 11 R R of S'F 4s, cash 88 00
Street — \
75 Makaweli. b 6 32 CO
$.",,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5s 105 OO
J14.000 U R R of S F 4s 88 00
Afternoon S?ssion.
Board —
30 Cal Wine Assn S2 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co ...... 14 £7U
5<> Paauhau S P Co. b 5 21 00
7 Pacific States T & T Co 107 00
105 Spring Valley Water Co 3!) l2Vi
$:>,000 Cal Gas & E Gen M & C T 5s . 85 00
$1,000 Honolulu R T & L 6s. ...... .KMJ 75
$-_-.t,00 S F & S J V 5s, s 3 ..11!» 25
$1,000 U R R of S'F 4s 88 00
Street— /
.10 Pnauhau S P Co 21 00
50 S F Ga« & F.lectric, « DO. . . 56 00
$1,000 S V 4s <2d mtge).... 100 25
*£.r.00 IT R R of S F 4s.. 88 00
$10,000 S V Water Co Gen Mtge 4s.. 97 75 !
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask
Bay CPC C*. — 100»4 SF & NP 5».112% — ;
B L Wat 68. — 1144 S P C R 4s. — 99
Cal NW 5«.. — 113 u, S P Co 4 Vie. 99ail00t4
M C Wat 5».100 — (Sun Tel 6s"..114W —
RIs I WksSs — 105 I Do 5s 106 —
SF Drdk 5*.112 — Buttr-st R5W.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23 25 I Mat Nav Co. 70 :
Amer Bis Co — 90 Nev Nat Bk.200 206
Cal Cot Mils 80 — N Cal P Co. — 9%
Cal G & ECo 4i» 60 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
C Jockey CI.110 — Oak T Con. 75 —
Cal Powder. ISO, 145 IOOF HallA C»4 —
Cal Ship Co. -I 21 Orpheum Co. — 16ft
Cal T I & T. — 155 PacC Cas Col25 —
Cen Bk. Oak CO 67%!Pac Sur Co.. 105 —
Chutes Co . . — 6 Paraf Paint. 39 —
City & C Bk — 120 |S F Drydock — 65
Cyp L Imp.. — 6«i'f>Fi-RJ Coal 17% 20
East Dynm. — 375 IS J Wet Co."103i5 —
DptPwd com 40 50 ! SO & MTgbtl25 —
FN Bk, Oak.120 — |Swiss-A Bk.120 — -
Fischer Thtr — V/ t Truck Elect. — 12%
Fronch-A BklO6 — V Sugar Co. — 31
Hono P Co.. — 31 US InC pfd. 66% —
Do pool... 27 30 Do com,.. 17 —
Lon&SF Bk. 55 — J
SALES.
Street —
10 Mechanics' Savings Bank .100 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
011 Stocks— Bid. J Asked.
Associated Oil Co. Trst Cert. 2« 27
California-Standard ....;... * 18 19 ■
Caribou 6 00
Chicago Crude 20 "22
Giant 23 *
Home 40 '.'.'.'.
Independence so 3i
Kein 0 00 ....
Kern <New) .,, . "30
Monarch of Arizona... ...... .... ' ",■ 40 . ;
Monte Crl?to 77*4 80
Occidental of W-Va 08
Oil City Petroleum. 67 67
Senator ...- 72-
Sovereign " .11 '34"
Buperior ..'....'....... 04
■West Shoro ...'.. 150 .v;^'
Wolverine 40 43
Miscellaneous —
Associated Oil Co. bondi..... 85 25 85 50
SALES.
Morning Session.
200 California Standard 18'
100 Wolverine .......;.. 40
100 Forty Oil . 40
Street — . • .
400 Home VV.i'ii-,'- 40 .
Afternoon Session.
1 00 Wol vc*-ine~ :...................... 43
1000 Independence ....■.; "."..; 30 '
Mining Stocks; '
I BAN | FRANCISCO \ STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following • were the sales on 1 the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:.,
. ' Morning Session — Corns tocks. .
BOO Chollar • ...... 24| 600 Sierra Nev. ... 48
200 Con Cal * V.I 7ol 5C0 Utah 05
200 Confidence . . . 75|
- Afternoon . Session — Comstocks.
600 Alpha 09 200 Justice \ • 00
200 Andes '. 20 400 Mexican 1 20
300 Best & Belch. 1 00 200 Sierra Nev. ... 47
200 Con Cal & V.I 70 600 Union Con.... 66
600 Hale St Norc.l 15 100 Utab. • • 05
COO Hale & Norc.l 10 ICO Yellow Jacket. 75
200 Gould & Cur. 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS, •
Bid. Ask. ' Bid. Ask.
Alpha 09 10 Julia... 07 C8
Alta ....05 06 Justice ....... 09 10
Andes :...... 20 21 Kentuck ..... 01 „ 02
Belcher 20_ 22 Lady Wash .. 02 04
Beat A Belch.l 00 1 05 Mexican 1 15 1 20
Bullion ...... 23 25 Occidental ... 78 90
Caledonia .... 43 45 Ophlr 3 40 3 45
Challenge ... 21 24 Overman C8 10
Chollar ...... 22 24 Potosi 14 13
Confidence ... 75 80 Scorpion 10 H
Con Cal & V.I 65 1 70ISavage 23 25
Con Imperial. 01 02 1 Sec Belcher... 03 05
Con N Y ' 02 03 Sierra Nev. ... 45 41
Crown Point.. 13 16 Sliver Hill.... 58 C<
Eureka Con.. — \ 50 St Louis .... — 07
Exchequer ... 46 4?ISy'ndleate 19 ?2
E. Sierra Nev 0.T rsiUnion Con.... 54 . 55
Gould & Cur. 21 22|Utah 04 06
Hale & Norc.l 10 1 15|Yellow Jack"et. 14 16
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.'
Morning Session. ■ '
: 100 Dlamondfleld. 1813000 Red Top ..... 1R
2000 MacNamara . 2311000 Ton N Star... 24
; 400 Ray & O'Brien 071
Afternoon Session.
: 1600 Brunswick . . ' 10 20CO Sandstorm ... 42
2000 Cent Eureka. 1 55 2000 Sandstorm ... 41
1000 Jumbo ....... 70 4000 Ton Belmont.. 21
2000 Kendall . 22 500 Ton Midway.. 35
j 100 Kendall .. 21 2000 Ton Exten ..3 00
i 1100 MacNamara -. 241 100 Ton Nevada.. 9 CO
! 700 Ray & O'Brien 07 100 Vernal Mln . . 14
2000 Red Top 19 1000 Vernal Mln .. 15
COO Red Top .... 18| .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah. • . ■
Bld.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nev.. 9 50 ft (52|Rescue ....... 06 07
Mont Ton I 65 1 70lTon & Cal — .16:
: Ton , Exten ..3 00 — I Ray & O'Brien ,05 07
MacNamara . 23 ' 24! Paymaster ... 03. 04
Ton Midway.. 33 a.MMlzoah Ex .. '12 —
Ton Belmont.. 70 72! Little Ton-.. "5: S9
Ton N Star... 23 SllEsperanza .... 01 ("2
Ton Ohio 20 25lGo!d Anchor.. — 20
West End ... 11 ifiiQulncy ... 11 —
Ton Gold Mt. 14 16!N Y Ton Con. — 12
GoHfleld.
Sandstorm ... 41 42fBlack Butte .. — 19
Red Top .... 17 1SI Booth G M Co. 10 —
Columbia 20 21|Blue Bull ... 15 20
Dlamondfleld. 25 2fllAdams 10 . —
Jumbo , 71 7?',"ilver Pick ... — 19
Jumbo Ex .. 20 22' VI ay Queen . . lfi —
Vernal Min .. 14 — uN'evada Boy.. 17 —
Pennsylvania 22 — lOrig Bullfrog. — 12
Goldfleld S."5 SSIBullfrog Mln.. B9 —
Kendall ..... 21 23 Blk Butte Ex 10 —
Oakland 25 30 South Western 60 —
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the eale« on the San Fran-
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
1000 Bullfrog Mln. BOlnooo Rescue C6
300 Ooldfleld Min. 8tf"0flO Rescue 05
100 Jumbo Ex .. 20ri0C0 Sandstorm ... 41
500 Jumbo Ex .. :'ll 700 Ton Belmont.. 71
400 Jumbo TO! 'Pf Ton B'lmont.. 72
200 Jumbo 71UC00 Ton Gold Mt. IK
1.VX> MacNamara . 21| 60ft Ton Midway.. ?S
3W0 VaeNamar« . 22! 1 no Ton Midway.. 3«J
1000 X Y Ton Cor. 15' i<H> Ton Exten ...2. «'»
20T.0 NY Ton Con 11ll?oO Ton-N Star... *2«
700 Red Top .... 191 5,no Ton N Star. . . 21
4000 Rescue O7I37OO, Vernal Min .. 12
Afternoon Session.
3000 Bullfrog Mln. R012S0O N Y Ton Con 1* !
WiO Coldfle'd Mln. 9"M rim Red Top ] 1<T
f»(V> Mont Ton ...1 701 900 Ton Bflmont..' 71
600 Mont Ton. .1 72«~Mioo Ton Midway 3%
3000 Nev Ooldfiold. 10 l Of 0 Ton Midway.. 36
3000 N Y Ton Con 13 1000 Vernal Mln .. 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. i
Adams 10 — iMacNamara .. 23 °4
Austin 30 — hflzpah F.x .. 05 — i
Black Ants .. 05 — iMont T...1 (17U 1 72*4 '•
Black Butte . 17 — I Nev Goldfleld. 10 — ,
Blue Bull 15 —IN Y Ton ... 1i '
Booth 10 — IPnymaater ... 03 03.
Bullfrog .... 5S — 'Pine Orove ... 10 —
Colehan — 171 Ray Exten .. — 10
Columbia 20 — Rny ft O'B'n. 05 0»
Dlamondfleld- 19 — IRed Top ..,. 18 19
Hlxle — 2MRescue 05 oli
Esperanza ... 01 ftfl^othwpll 10 ,V)
Free Gold .. 14 iM<:*ndstr>rm ... 40 45
Gold Anchor. — 20|T-c n nelmont. 70 72
O. Blue Rell. — ' fl"'T. & oi "0
G. Diamond.. — 20[Ton Cash Boy — " 10
Goldfld M.Co. l>0 1 (VVTon Ex'en 2 K5 2 R*>
G. Red Lion 05 r.fi!T O n OoM Mt 14 16
G. Silver Pick — lS'Ton Midway ;; ,35 ft) 36
OoMfleld T.... — OSlT M of Nev.9 50 9 87«i
Gold M* Con — f2lT North Star 24 21
Jim Butler .. 50 [rr. Superior... 02 —
Jumbo 70 71 1 Ton Urlon .. — Ki
Jumbo Ex .. 19 ?2!TTnltrd Ton.... — 10
Little Ton .. — 4n't7topla ..10 —
Lucky Bald.. — > io|v»rnal 12
Lucky Tom... — 05jU>»t End ... 20
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16.
Martin Weber to Katie B. Weber, lot on 8 '■
line of Green street. 200 E of Laguna, E "9
by S 137:6; gift.
Caroline Kutner to Samuel M. Samter, lot
on NW corner of Eddy and Octavla streets I
W 27:6 by N 120; $10. j
Annie F. McDermott to Mary Morrissey
F t « 0 «!V N S^iL 1 FeI1 street, .125 E of Flllmore
1. »o oy >. I3i :b; gift. ' ]
■ Ernest A. II. Duveneck to Mar-aret E '
TrA V ?? eck> , '? l on N llne " of Frederick street !
ICO E of Belvedere, K 25 by N 110: gift i
John and Luna Stierlen to Ethel Ross lot 1
on ,W line of Clayton street. 25 N of Par- •
narsus, N 25 by W 100- $10
Maria Lawler to Morris Goldsten. lot on B 1
n^'e^TsAT'w^Vo' Tblrte " th '
Emllie C. and Marl'e Quenel to Michael and
S!^ 0111 * 0 ' lot on B llne of FaI «" Oaks street
200 S of Twenty-fifth, S 20 by E 123: $10 '
Samuel M. Rosenbaum et al. to William
Ureenebaum. lot on BW corner of Flfte-nth
and Folsom streets, W 245 by 8 300- $10 -
Augusta K. Gibbs to Solomon Friedman
■lot on S line or Sixteenth street SO W of
Cm.p, W 23 by S 08:2%: $10.
Estate of Hannah M. Lewis (by Annie M.
Ferrell. executrix) to Michael E. Flaherty
lot on W line of Lapldge street. 375 N of
Jwneteenth. N 23 by,W 80: $2130.
Josoph H. and Eliza J. Stephens to Henry
C. Hahn. lot on S line of Eighteenth street.
2.;.. E of Sanchei, E 2.1 by S 111; $10
. Dfcxter M. and Anna S. H. Wright to Robert
J. Barth, lot on W line of Noe street °00
S of Eighteenth. S? 0.5 by W 125; $10 ' "
Robert J. and Agnes Barth to Anne Lund,
lot on \V line of Noe street. 175:5 S of Eljrht
i::5-N25:5-Elt3-mo--
Edward J. Harton to Lillian M. Barton lot
W 80 W b;°s n C2:6; St.™" an<1 D ° l0r " 8tr ' etS '
Theresa M. Brooks to Patrick McAran lot
on E line of Douglass street, , 310 N of Seven
teenth. N 25 by E 102; $10.
_ Fireman's Fund Insurance Company to Home
Fire and Marine Insurance Company, lot on
S line of California street, 137:6 W of San
scme, W 57:6 by S 137:6; ?10.
Francois J.. and Adolphlne Gulllemet to Rosa
Constant, lot en S line of Clay street, 85:2 E
of Powell, E 20:7 by S 75; $10.
Jtnnie Felce (Ohlson) to Jennie C. Ohlson,
lot on NE line of Steuart strtet. 229:2 NW of
Folsom. NW 22:11 by NE 62:2: gift
Frank C. OMson to same, same; gift
Jeremiah E.. David L., Thomas F. (or
Thomas) and Frank Roach to Thomaa T. and
Richard W. Garrett, lot on NW line of Fol
som street. 275 NE of Fifth, NE 22:11 by NW
1 CO j $10. " . ■ -
Hlbernla Savings and L#an Society to Peter
Feaiherston. lot on SE line of Welsh street,
250 SW of Fourth, SW 25 by SE SO, quitclaim
deed: $1.
Daniel Buckley to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $1.
; John Brlekell Company to William H. Kerrl- |
gan, lot on W line of Twenty-seventh avenue,
237 :« S of West Clay. S 37:6 by W 120; $10.
Catherine- Hannah to William Watson, lot on
E line of Twenty-third street. S0:4 8 of Cali
fornia, S 19:8, E 120, N 32:2, SW 120:7^;
J. Frank and Marea Walters, Georgr« A. and
May E. Turner to George E. Orr. lot en E
line of Thirty-ninth avenue and NE Hn* of
Cliff avenue. N 96. E 35, S 98.04, NW 35.07;
$10. . >
United States B. R. and Investment Society '
to Columbian Banking Company, lot on W,
line of Third avenue, 175 S of B street, S 25
by W 120: $10.
O. B. (or Oliver B.) Martin to Bernhard
Getz. lot on SW corner of Thirty-first avenue
and I street. S 100 by W 132:6: $10. |
Johanna Malley to Solomon Getz. lot on'W'
line of Thirty-third avenue. 275 N of R street,
N 50 by W 120: a!so lot on NW corner of
Thirty-third avenue and V street,. W 67:6 by
N 100;. $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Nicholas C. Kist.
lot on W'Hne of Thirty-third avenue, 275 N
of R street;- N 25 by W 120: $10."
R'al . Estate. Security , Company to . Pietro
Ranleii," lot on W line of.S'xteenth avenue,
KO N of W. street, N.25 by W 120; $10.: - ,
C. H. Montoux . to John " L. ■ Swank, lot on
SW line of Fourteenth avenue 125 NW of H
street. X W 25 ■. by . 100. block 283, South San
Francisco Homestead; SI©.. - \
Manraret • A. Johnson . to Rose H. B. John
son. N one-half . of .lot 31. Bernal Homestead
Association; also | let on S line - of Lobos - ave
nue.-200 E of Marengo street, :E 50 by S 125,
lot 2,, block N. Railroad Honjestead; $10.
1.'.' Same to Lillian F. : M.\ Johnson, S one-half
nt lot 31, - Bernal - Homestead; also lot on S
line of Lobog, avenue,', 250 -E'' of Marengo
street, E 50 by S 125, lot 2, block N, Railroad
Homestead ; $10. ;;S3SS<*s%S8*^b5
Marx ' Schwlnd f to • Theodor" Kran'se, lot 39
block 37, 8unnyside;s$I0. ■'- -.•'■■
j- John -and- Marguerite ; Melllette to Frederick
H." and ; Henrietta M. Nlelson. lot on W lln*
of 'Dame street.! 375- N T of Randall, N 25 by
W 12r>. 'block 27. Falrmount; $10.. '.
-'David M. and Margaret A. Ahern . to . John
STATE SHOULD
PRODUCE MORE
Articles Imported Could Be
Raised Here in Quanti
ties to Supply Demand
The California Promotion Committee
has compiled statistics relating to the
Imports of articles that ought to be
produced In California in quantities
sufficient to satisfy the home market,
and shows that In the fiscal year
the Importations from other States
« mounted to more than 53.000 tons. The
following summary illustrates this:
Butter and eggs, 7171.5 tons; poultry, 4227;
cheese, 2002; tams and bacon, 603; beef and
pork. 2044; lard, 35fl«; meat in bulk, 11,012;
tallow and grease, 132; packing-house products
7253; cottolene, 630; tankage. 360; livestock,
20.650; total (in tons) of imports, 69,550.5
Continuing, the committee statisti
cian says: .
The exports of the same products for the
same period were only 714 tons, of which there
were 41 tons of butter, 20 tons of packlng
houss products, 13 tons of lard and the re
mainder belnff livestock. The figures given
are conservative. In all cases where ship
ments have been made In carload lots, the
minimum carrying capacity for th* different
invoieea have been. taken. If the average had
been taken these figures would show up bigger
than they do, but for the sake of over-stating
the lowest possible estimate is given in every
case. The amount of poultry Imported into
th* State during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1804. Is close to 8,000,000 pounds and It Is
believed by the committee that for the year
1904 almost 10,C€0,000 pounds of poultry will
have been brourht from Eastern -States.
California pays million* of dollars to tha
East for these nroducts.. Were the imports
enumerated in the table given to be estimated
as low as ten cents per pound they would have
a valuation of 511,910,100, but butter, eggs
and poultry, as w*ll as most of the other
products enumerated, arc not to be shipped
here to take the place of California products
at these figures, hh anyone who raises poultry
knows. The committee believes that the
amount of money sent out of the State each
year for products which could be raised on
the small farm reaches far up into the mil'
lion... Besides the articles given In the com
mittee's table*. . thousand* of tons of vege
tables of every kind are brought Into California
every year. All these articles can be -raised
here not only to supply Callfornians, but to
supply the markets of the world. The supply
of poultry products In moat localities through
out the State Is not nearly equal to the de
mand and this Is brought out practically by
the products herein enumerated.
t*i *
PARK WILL HAVE
ATHLETIC TRACK!
The Board of Park Commissioners
yesterday decided to accept the money
collected by the members of the Ameri
can Driving and Athletic Association,
and will begin work on the proposed
new athletic grounds in Golden Gate
Park on January 2. At the time the
grounds were projected the Commis
sioners" decided to prosecute the work
provided that the athletic association
raise $25,000. Yesterday members of the
association were before the board and
stated that the contributions amounted
to $17,799 99, with J2885 promised.
W, J. Simpson, I. L. Borden and
Frank O'Kane, who appeared for the
association, said that those who were
mainly interested in the completion of
athletic grounds were the most back
ward in contributing, and that most oi
the money came from the merchants
and business" men of the city. They
complained that the $25,000 limit set by
the commission .was excessive and that
they could raise but $20,000 at the most.
When asked if they could turn over
the $20,000 witjiin a week they admit
ted that it was impossible, and Com
missioner Lloyd asked for a guarantee
before the commission proceeded with
the work. The committe was unable to
promise a guarantee, and President
Adolph Spreckels came to their relief
with a guarantee that the $20,000 would
be forthcoming. The commission then
'instructed* Park Superintendent Mc-
Laren to proceed with the drawing up
of the plans.
A. J. Lyon, editor of the Pacific Gold
smith, was awarded the Park News
concession for one year at' $250 per
month. Phillins & Van Orden bid $1SO
and Owen Smythe $165 per month.
The question of speeding automobiles
and the exchanging of license numbers
came on, and the police will be asked
to arrest any autoist holding a license
upon which there is no photograph.
The police have also been instructed to
keep the bicycle paths in the park free
from pedestrians.
Still Consider Roof Repair Law
The Supervisors' joint Fire and Ju
diciary Committee again considered
the proposed ordinance requiring
roofs to be repaired with fireproof
material within certain limits. The
matter was discussed by insurance
men, shingle dealers and Chief Sulli
van of the Fire Department,, who said
that a similar ordinance had been
passed by the Supervisors some years
ago, but had been vetoed by the
Mayor. The committee decided to
defer the matter until next Friday at
3 p .m., when the Mayor will be in
vited to take part in the debate.
H. Grady. lot 4, block 114, University Home
stead, and property out of county; $10.
Anna Jacob to David M. Ahern, lot 419,
Mission-street .Extension Homestead Associa
tion, quitclaim deed; $— — . •
Mary A. Fritz to Bernard P. Lapachet and
John B. Beilhes, lot on NW corner of Cortland
avenue and Wool street, N 81:4. W 56, E 89
B 56:6, lots 70, 74 to 76, gift map. 1; $10.
Thomas de Blaqulere to Marguerite E. Wai
don, lot on 8 line of Minerva street. 150 E of
CaDitol. E i BO by 8 125, block P, Railroad
Homestead; $10.
Edmond and Ellen Kenney to Charles Non
nenmann, lot en W corner of Eleventh avenue
and L street, NW 420 by SW 100, block 228,
South San Francisco Homestead; $10.
Columbian Banking Company to same,
same, quitclaim deed; $10.
August Odoul to Joseph P. Halllnan, lot on
W corner of Fifth avenue and L street, NW 50
by SW 100; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
MaryGagan (owner) with Nelson & Boldt
(contractors). architect— All work for a
two-story frame building (four flats) . on 'tha
W line of York street, between Twenty-third
and Twenty- fourth: $6050.
G. L. Payne (owner) with Jacob and Paul
Mager (contractors), architect M. J. Welsh
All .work for. a three-story frame., with rough
basement (three flats), on the W line of San
Jose avenue, 76:6 N of Army street, N tS.
W 91:4\i.S 25. E 7S:7>£: $3150.
Ida de Semlnarlo (owner) . with Felix Mar
cuse (contractor). architect— All work fcr
alterations and addition* to a two-story frama
bui'.dlns: on the 8 line of Lloyd street 116-3
W of Scott W 25 by S 100: $2200.
Charles W. Sutro (owner) with Bernard
DrVycr (contractor). architect — Grading,
brick and carpenter work for a one-story brick
building on the W line of Eighth street 105 S
of Market. S 25 by W 55; $1567.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
' Friday, December 1(5.
Stmr Pasadena, Henrlckson,' 27 - hours from
Eureka.' ■'^^'''i'«w'Hji»'M<^a'iM!iy*'Ht»>.
■■■ Stmr City of Peking. Robertson, 22 days from
Panama, via Mazatlan 6 days. •
. OUTSIDE BOUND IN— MIDNIGHT
" 6chr Vina. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Dec 16— Stmr Santa
Monica, for San Francisco: stmr Centralla, for
San Pedro^j stmr Prentlse, for San -Francisco
Arrived Dec 1C— Stmr Melville Dollar hence
Dec 12._ , '
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 16 — Stmr Santa
Clara, for Valdez. ' .
OCEAN STEAMERS. '
NEW YORK — Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Bovic,
from i Liverpool ;, stmr .'Manltou. "from London*
etmr Mongolian, from- Glasgow •■-■-■-■-■
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec v 16— Stmr Graf
Waldersee, from New York. :
PROPOSE GAME
LAW MOVEMENT
Sportsmen Agitate Framing
Measure to Protect Wild
Ducks, Deer and Trout
Twelve prominent sporting clubs of
the State were represented at the meet
ing held last evening at the rooms of
the Rod and Gun Association, Mills
building, to outline a plan of action for
the fostering of the' Interests of sports
men of the State and for framing laws
to be presented at the next legislative
session for the protection of game.
The clubs represented by delegates or
by proxies were the Petaluma Sports
men's Association, the El Toro Club,
the Park Home Club, the Green Valley
Club, the Cordelia Club, the Ibis Club,
the San Francisco Striped Bass Club,
the Empire Club, the Colusa Club, the
Field and Tule Club and the Point
Reyes Sportsmen'! Club.
. On the 15th of last month the asso
ciated clubs met in convention at Visa
lla for the purpose of discussing pro- j
posed game laws. The bill framed on
that occasion was taken as a text for |
discussion last night and was read in
sections by Chairman Frank E. Bell,
and each of these amended by a "rec- |
ommendation" or allowed to stand as
adopted by the Visalia convention. The |
laws to be advocated and worked for at 1
Sacramento by the sportsmen of the
State will be in brief as follows: i
That the duck season remain as at j
present; that the limit of a bag shall'
be fifty ducks the man; that the sale
of game shall be prohibited; that there '
shall be a penalty for offense that shall j
apply equally with every duck in a bag j
over the limit— that is, if a hunter has t
ten birds over the bag he can be pun
ished on ten separate. charges; that the
open deer season shall be from the 15th
of July to the 15th of October; that the
shoot limit for deer shall be two bucks
the season: that tree squirrels shall be
protected at all times; that all sports
men and hunters must procure a li
cense, paying %2 per season month for
same: that the law governing the
catching of striped bass shall remain
as it is; that the trout limit shall be j
fifty fish, a twenty-pound mess and a j
limit to three-pound fish; that the sale'
of steelhead salmon shall be prohlb- i
ited: that the catching of trout be- i
tween the hours of 8 p. m. and 4 a. m.
shall be prohibited.
The money raised by licensing sports
men and market 'hunters is to be used
in the enforcing of the fish and game
laws. A committee will probably be
sent to Sacrarnnto to work in the in
terest of the laws, and the
clubs themselves will set aside funds j
to help in the work. The clubs
in all parts of the State will be asked
to assist in promoting the bill or bills
to be introduced and to lend their po
litical and business influence to bring 1
about results. I
Evenlng School Exercises.
The senior class of the Humboldt
High School held interesting exercises
last night. The following programme
was rendered: >
Recitation — •'The Heathen Chinee." J. Ros
si: song. Senior Quintet: essay — "Warren,
Hastings," B. H. Body; Hawaiian song. E.
W. Hale: recitation. "When Jack Comes
Home," Miss Ehrlick; piano solo. Miss Rosa
Gluck: ."Parting Scene Between Marmlon and
Douglass,"' S. E. Nathan arid D. L. Stanlford;
sonr; violin solo, A. Lewis; "Quarrel Scene
Between Brutus and Casslus," G. J. Steiger
as Brutus, W. F. Postel as Cassius; song.
Glee Club: essay — "John Milton." Miss Dall:
"Hawaiian Farewell Song." E. W. Hale and
J. A. Goetzer: remarks, Mr. Taaffe.
Oldflcld's Fast Mile.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 16.— Barney
Oldfleld showed his fast machines at
Agricultural Park track this after
noon. The programme'was somewhat
upset by the failure of Frank Kulick's
car to reach here in time for the after
noon's show. Frank Garbutt of Los
Angeles forced Oldfleld to extend him
self to win the three-mile race, the
distance being covered in 3:09. Old
field drove an exhibition mile in 54
seconds.
I C00K_B00KS. I
v . Owing to the unusual demand O
S on the part of onr subscribers S
g for THE CALL'S Premium Cook jC
ft Book it has been necessary to \
3% order an additional supply, q
« These books are expected about o
o the 13th inst.,' on and after <3
S which date they will be at the «
» disposal of our patrons at the 9
S very low price of 50c. M
Ft To subscribers receding their g
t> paper by mail there trill be an Q
S additional charge of 25c to pre- 8
S pay expressage. We also have S
8 on hand a few copies of "Wild 3
~ Animals I Have Met," thor- g
g (Highly descriptive of the whole >-t
w animal kingdom, on the same ft
« terms. Order now, as our *up- 8
S ply is limited. o
I RAILWAY TRAVEL.
|CMICAGO T |N 3 DAYS!
| LEAVES DAILY AT03O A.M.H
KjWjTj^Ql N E.R& AMP BLeCPEBS H
Other Saat* T» Tralnn
7:30 a. m. 1
J>:30 a. m. VFor Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. in. j Merced, Hanford and Visalia.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — «4l Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, )Cal.; also 27 South 1st, San Jose.
H To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY^
CAZADERO, Etc.
i- Tla Sacaallto Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
De*part from San Francisco, dally, at tT:05,
7:45, 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.: 12:20, 1:45,
3:15. 4:35, 5:15, 5:50. 6:30. 7:15 10:15 and
11:35 p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, daily, at t«:40t
7-35 8:15, 8:50, 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10. 1:30.
2:55.' 4:20, 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and 11:23
p.. ni.
tDaily eacept Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur-
days'at 3:15 p. n>.. and dally except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. j -
THKOUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daJly^<;azadero and way stations.'
( 3:15 p. in.. Saturdays only — For Cazadero,
'etc.- '
5:15 p. m. dally, except Satarday and Sun-
day, for Tomales. etc ■
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market it.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market it.
#Tmlas I««t« a-asl •*• amm
to srrlT* st
BAN FRANCI3CO.
fwi Ocraan at IKM.
Fxsst D&pof
(Toot of Mirlst Street )
t'j.i - MAIN LINE. -A»»m-
7.00a VacavUle, Wlolert, Uuin»«y_ 7 60*
7.00a Bealela, Elmlra aad Sacramento.. . 7.2Us*
7.30a Tallejo. Naps, Catlstoga. Saata
Rosa. Martinez. Sun Ramon..... 8 23*
7 30a Nile* Tracy. Lsthrop, Stockton.... 7.20*
SOOASbast* Express— (Via Davis).
Will! am •, Willows, tFrato. Uni
Bluff. Portland. Taeotna, Seattle 7.80*
• OCA ParU-YToodUnd, Knights Landing.
/ MurysTlllt. OroTllle 7.50*
S-SOa Martinez. Antloch. Bjroa, Tracy.
Stockton. SiwoiM. Los Banoa,
Menricta. Annoaa, Hsnford,
~ Visa-it*, ronerrille «.20»
• 30a fort Cotta, Modesto. Merced.
Fresno. Oottien Janctloa, Haa-
• ford. VUalla. Bakersfleld «-50»
I JO a Ktles, 8«n Jose, Ltvermore. Stoci-
' lon.'CtMllto**). t9ne. Sacrimeata,
MarytTlUe. Chlco. Ued Bluff .... 4 20»
• •30a Oafcdale. Chln*««. Jamestown, So- ,
nor*. Tuolurunr «n«l Angels 5^2
9 00a Atlantic Express— O«den and E»«. 5 20»
0.3CA Richmond. Martinez and Waf
Stations *oO»
10 00* The Overland Llmltsd — ««*dea.
Oinaan. Chicago, UenTer, Kansas
City. 8U Louis - • 20»
10.00a Vallejo_._ 12.M»
10410a Lot Angeles Paiaenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Traer.
Lathrop. Stock tot, Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Gothen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore, VI»aUa> ,
Bakertfleld. Los Angeles 720»
12.CflM Hay ward. Nltes and Way Stations. 3-2C»
tt-OOPSaerameatoRlTer Steamers H1.03*
I J0P Beolcia, Winters. Saoraaiento.
Wood lam. Knight* LandlB*.
MsrysTllle. Orotllle aad way
stations — 10?2*
f30»»narw»rd.Nilesan4War Btatlont.. 7.S0*
50* Port Coat*. Martinez, Byron.Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and *
W*y Stations beyoud Von Cnsta 12.20*
«ei>Mart1a«*.8»o rumen. ValleJo.ITa?*.
Callitcga. SanuRoaa. .X»X*
44)0»» miea. Tracr Stockton 1020*
4iOP Uayward. Sties. Irtlajftoa. Saa I t8 50 •
Jose. LlTirmon I «1.50*
6-COpTbo Owl Limited— .Newman. Loa
Banoa. Mendota. FreiBO.T<Uar% -
Baior«Oeld.Lof Angsle* - S-sOa.
T8 30P Hay ward. Mlea and ban Jos* ..... • 7.20*
••OOP Uayward. Nile* snd San Jot*. • 5<U
IXOP Eaatern Express — Omaha. Chicago.
Dfcnver. Saasai City. St. Lou:*,
Xianlatz. Stockton. Sacr»m«nux
Colfax. Keao, Bparka, Mantell*
O«dea *2-83»
•,00p Yallelo. dally, except dundsy .... t 7 - Oa
7-OOp Vallejo, Sunday only f '""
7 -COp Ulchmond, ban Pablo. Pors Coat*,
Marlines and Way Buttons 11.20*
7-OOp Eeno Passenger— Port Coats, B«-
nlcla. Snlann, Elmlra, Dlxon.
Darli. Sacrament". Sparks. Tono-
pah. tteeter aad Way Station*... /-8Q*
t-OSp Oregon A California Exprets— Sae-
ramento. MarysTiiie. Beddlnc
Portland, Paget Sound and Bast. 8-50*
t.lOP Bay ward. Nilea and San Jo»9l3ix»-
day only) 11-584
COAST LINE (JUrrow Maagt).
Of oat of Market Street.)
•-16A Newark. CenterTllle, Baa Jot*
Felton. Boalder Creek, Santa
Crui and Way Stations 5 S5»
tt-ISP Newark. Centorvllle, Saa Jo»a,
Kew Almitden.Loa Gato».Fe!:oa,
Boulder Creek, Sant* Cros and
Prfnclpal Way Stations ttO-58*
4. 18p Newark. Saa Jose, Lc« Gab»...<j *}§.Js£
#9-30p Hunter*' Train (Saturday Daly)—
Ssn Joie and Way Stations t7-2S*
COAST LINE (" '•«<* •*■*•)-
Pf (third and fuwn»^ail Streets.)
S.IOa Ban Joae aud Way Stations. t-50P
700a Ssn Joae aad Way Statlona..... ... 6.40*
800a Kew Almaden (Tnes.. Krld.. only). 4.1OP
■00a The Coast t — Saa Jc«e. Salinaa.
Baa Ardo. P»»o BobUa. SanU
Margarita. San Luis Ob!»pa,
Gnadslupe, GatIou, Sanu Bar>
btra, 8sa Bnen*Tentura, Moa-
Ulvo. Oxnard, Bar bank. Lot
Angeles 10.38*
8 00a Gllroy. Kolllster. Cutrovllle, Del '
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf. Lom-
poo 1OJ0P
9.00a Sun Joae. Tres Plnos.Watsonvt!!*,
Capitols. Sanu Cms, Pacts*
Grove. Saltnaa. San Luis Oblapo
and Principal Way Sutlon*. ... 4-10*
10.30a San Joie and Way Stations......... 1 20»
11 2CASan Joae aad Way Matloaa 7.?0*
2-1Bp S»n Jote and W»y 8tationt 8 3S*
• COP Del Monte Kxprats — SanU Clara,
f 6*n Jose, Watt on vllle. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
Paclflc Grove |j t5»
HOOP Loi Gatoa, Wrlatnt. Boalder Creek,
Santa Cruz, via SanU Clar* and
Narrow Gangs t10 45*
I-30P Valencia St., SnuUl Sao Franciaeo,
iturllngame, San Joss, Gllroy.
Hoi Hater. Tres Plnoa 10.45*
4-30P Pan Jo«e and Way Station! t8.0(U
IdXOp SanU Clara, San Jose. Loi Qitoi. .
ami principal Way Station* («• vjt
eept Sunday) t9.00*
|B-30p banJose*ndPrtnctp*lW*y8taUoas I9.40L*
fc 4f p Sanaet Expreis.— Kedwood. Saa
Joae, G llruy.Sallnaa. Paso Koblea,
San Lula Oblspo, SanU Barbara, '
Los Angelet, Pemlng. El Pa*o*
et.Louln. NewOrleam, KewTork 9 10*
B.4SpPajaro. Watsonvtlle. Capitol a.
eaau Crux, Cantrovllie, Del
Monte, Paclfle Grove 10 33»
18-ISp tan M*teo,Beresfcrd,BelmoBt,S*a
Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alto tt.48*
6 3QpSan Joae and Way jutlons. 6-33*
8C0p Palo Alto and Way Station* 10. IS*
11 .S0p South Sa n Franciaeo. MtUbrae. Bur-
Mngame. ban Mateo, Belmont,
Baa Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto r9-*5»
•IIXOp Maytleld, Mountain View, Sunny-
vale, Lawreace, Sanu Clara iaJ
BanJoso t%4*»
▲ for Morning. P for Aftemoo*.
1 laadav excepted t Sunday only
• Saturday only. * Monday ami*.
l&tops at all stations ob Snad*2V
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. O.
Titoaron Terry, root of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN BAPAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. ll:0Oa. m.; li:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra irip
at 11:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:C0 »:30, ll:0O a. m. ; 1:30. S:3O.
8.00. 6:C0. 11:30 p. m.
SAS RAFAEX TO SAW FSASTCISCO.
■WEEK DATS — «:05. 7:.J5. 7:5O. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 8:C0. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:C5 and «:35 p.' m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:10 11:15 a. m. ; 1:40, J:40,
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrtve
i San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. ( San Ftaa.
■Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- } W;»lc
Days. 1 days. | tlon. | days. | Da}-s.
7:30a| 8:COa 9:10a|S:4(>a
I 9:30 a Ignado. 10:40 a!lO:2O a
3:30 pi 3:30 p 8:05 pt 6:20 p
5:10 p[ 5:00 p 7:S5pi .
7:30 a I 9:10 a! 9:10*
8:00 a! Novato, 10:40 a'10:^O a
3:30 p 9:30 a| Petaluma 6:05 pi 6:^0 p
6:10 p 3:30 pj and 7:35 p{ -V
1 5:00 pf Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a ~ 10:40 a!10:2<> a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p! 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p I
I Windsor, I
7:30 a 8:C0af Healdsburff, 10:«0al0:i0»
I Lytton. I
830p 8:30p' Geyservllls. T:35p[6:28i)
I Cloverdale, |
7-30 al 8:00 at Hopland |10:4O a|10:2O*
8:30p|S:30p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
' j j •Wllllts and I .»
7:30 a] 8:00 a[ Sherwood. | 7:33 p] 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:COa| 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p| Guernevllle. |7:33p)6:20p
7:30 a! 8:00 al Sonoma. . I 9:10 at S:40a
5:10 p! 5:00 p) Glen Ellen. I 6:03 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:3Op| SebastopoL | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at . Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Si rings and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Oeyservlll* for Skaggi
Springs: «t Cloverdale- for the Geysers, Boone-
vine and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bar:lett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs: at
Kkiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. "Witter Spring*.
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valle-v, John Day's.
Riverside, Llerly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno City.
Fort Bragg, Westport and Usal: at Wllllts for
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto, Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cummlng*.
Bell's Spring*. Harris. Hubbard Fruitland,
Dyer. Garberrllls. Camp 3. Pepperwood. Scotu
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
buildlnr.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
; »
Mt. TamalpaisJRailway^
It. iaa fiian«o> "^jHfcii iir-j*ajr.iri«f
Tk.P*;i Sca<Ujri_ 3amUj» >rS/T
........... 8:25a KgM 1:30p »10:50a
9:50a 9:5Oa 1^^ v^ 2:55? 3:55r
i;45p i:45p TBJSaS' e-agp """eriaT
SatarjUTi 4:35p *Wkr Satardaji ll:12r
Mia Sraritv Car V Mtt»a»lyu»t»aiaTaDiy
I&E. I 65 ° - NlA » | afT ST.,(North Shore Railroadi
WTICB } and Sactauto Fejuiy. Foot Market St.
WEEKLY CALL, ? 1.00 FZ& YXAS,COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks from I to 3 l / 2 points higher. Cotton lenver.
Light trading on the local stock exchanges.
Siher firm ar.d Mexican Dollars still higher.
Sterling Excluiiige firm, but International iceakX
H'heaf, Rarity and otfier Grains about as before.
Another big Oriental order for 8000 tons of Hay in market.
Potatoes still in large supply, but less depressed. Onions zeeak.
Not much change in Poultry and Game. ' *
Cold zvcather operating against the Fruit market.
Cattle, Skeep and Hogs in light demand.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs moving off very well.
Stocks and Cotton.
T*e N«» York wires of E. F. Huttoa * Ca.
T«a*rd»jr aald:
STOCKS — THe stock market closed »tron«
•m ax the btrt jwlcea of the day. At no time
osrl£« the aeesioc did the raarket halt or hesi-
JAte. but Advaaoed stsajlily under the leader
«2^J> of aexressive, buyicc in United Stat'a
Ote* etocks. It ta* been far the best market
w* have had aiace the recent deprewiac l"be
acUoo ol tie beiier ciaas of securiuen in ti
oajr ■ market would indicate ecqm little In
vestment buvisf in aauciiiaiioo oi January 1
dicbur&exriectz. UaderJyin* ccadlUcts ar* ur,
rharxod. Ttx* cction of the market to-day Is
certainly mart eacoanci&K to the Investing
pubUc The eet-bidt waich it naa experieaceU
cur:r.e thjt li«t two weeks -ha* eliminated ail
week accounts and resulted In the establiah
&ect of a ratlier active short interest. Cozn
mitsloa ivmees were very tnateriaily reduced.
out the support wblch made its appearance in
th« market in the later part of the week was
of a character to discourage farther opera
tions on tlie bear «!de, aad It Is not believed
that any further attacks will be made by the
Boston B3aculator. It i« now the purpose ot
the dominant interests to bring about a res
tomtion of confidence, but while this is in
rrocress no aggressive buli manipalation •»
likely. The buying of good nulro«d stocks to
day was «igr,tflcant in that It represented
fceaUrnent cf banking institut'oas around the
countrj' and not the speculators.
Lsrard I*ieie» have made a tentative en
cacesieat of ail the goid bars tor export
»tich the i.«E;.frs can turn out next week.
Ooldn^an Sachs secure the output for th^
present week, which will probably amount to
Abrvt a. million and a half.
COTTOX— The trading to-day in the main
coatsnued large:y professional. We thtnk this
condlticn win be mainudned until the attitude
between the epinn'ng interests and southern
ejx>t dealers t«eocmes more clearly defined.
Sentiment continues generally bearish on the
overiha-fio-K-inr big crop, which the Govern
ment has assured the trade the South has
product. Traders will, however, be inclined
to oversell the Tr-arln*. especially on the weak
and we tfcerefonp believe we shall see
EiQucul rallies and thct'lt will prove a good
trading market to these who are . will tog to
pursue a scalper's policy and trade for mod
erate turns. Superintendent King of the Cot
tea ETxchanire makes the "-in Eig-ht" for week
4'4. 3C7 taies. «L?ainrt 416 934 last year. For
th* reason 7.07S.71S. against 6,175.067 last
year. . ; ...
EASTERN' JIARKETS.
N'ew York Money Market.
N'EW YORK. D*c. i6._C.ose— Money en call
«as steady «t ISff? Vrr • cent.; closing bid
and offered. £ per c«st.
Tltne ksUM were eary. -with CO and 90 days
• t 3^3'-.. per c»»r.t and eix months at S^itgS^
per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4 I 4 l g4«i per cent.
Sterling exch^r.se was . Crta. . with actual
t-.:« - - -.- ir. Laokers' bills «-.' $4.R715©-4.S72O
fcr demand and at SJ.S4C5g4.S4C4* for 60-day
PosteJ rar<^. *4.<^fl*.Wvi and $4.67^.
Commercial bills. $*.84^@4.e4*».
Bar silver. rt0**c. ■ ■■-
Mexican dclUrt. **i,e. •< : :. ■«--.- .j '■ •■ u. ..: .*,
Bonds— <.ovcrnmer.t. rtendr; railroad, strong.
Steer York Stot-k Market.
' NE1V YORK, Dec. 10. — The nervous trem
<Tf v-fclch have aTCicted the-«tock ■nxarket all
Ilhroush the week were quiet«d to-day and the
advancir-x tendency which has been In evi
dence ever «lcc» the dowr.ward course was
errefted on Tuesdar »w mere ronsistent and
unlnterruiited than a.t any previous time on
th« recovery. Th- constajit eeibicks end he*=l
taticnx which have develciwl at some time
every day were lacking and the day's gains
wenf- hpld »ith corr.r*-rattve firmness. Hew
much this may have' been, due to the sJmcst
mildness of the adjurtrcent of personal dif
ference* frow'.ng out cf the stock-market con
test and Monday's Sharp tension, which has
extended to both sides of the Atlantic, It
would be difficult to «ay. But the prevailing
•mile with which the affair has been regarded
took on le«* ejection to-day, and the coinci
dence cf the restored confidence manifest in
the market did not escar>e. notice. N&twlth
«*ndinr the restoration of vliror of the mar
ket'* resisting power there was no correspond
ing revival of animation, the day's dealings
F!.owir.r little incr*a*e over those of yester
<!a.y. TTe market was entirely free from ary
pressure of liquidation *■■> that th* small buy
ing, was effective In lifting prices and the
sur?!y of stocks was ni pcar.ty as to enable
holder* to advance the arking price with ef
fect on th* selling price. The United States
, Steel stock* were in continued large demand
and wer> helped hy the report of the placing
of a le.rr« order for steel rails for the Penn
*vlvsr.ia- Rencrts of a definite adjustment of
the Gould-Pcr.nsylvanla troubles met with some
tflfclfilrr.err. but the Impression wa* allowed
that the ferJoesr.ess of the dispute had been
♦•xsjrg*rate<I. The November foreign trade re
port disclosed a decline In the excess value
of exixjrt* of over S2O.000.O0O.
The outgoing gold movement was prartleally
isrored, as money xra* offered In abundance
and at lower rates cf tnterert.
Gains of one to three point* were frequent
among the leading Ftocks and the closing was
vwy strong at th* top lwei.
Biinfl* •w»re strong. TolaJ sale*. $4,195,000.
New York Stock List.
B. F. Huttca & Co.. 4SK> California street.
Ban Francisco, members of the New York
Etock Exchange, furnUh the following offlciai
quotations of that Exchange:
Sales. | STOCKS. -H'-ih Low. j Bid. I Ask.
; -* j 1 j \
«&,90(rAmaJg Copper .| es> s | 65% f CS , 6SH
... Am Can Co | j 11%I 11^
I Do pfd I «lHj 61%
700 An Car £ F>- Co S3 , 31 Z-\. 33
«0O, Do pfd 82%! »l 92\\ 03
' 800,Am Cotton Oil.. 2i^i 35 |
i Do pfd ! »4 | U5
200 Am D:Ft Tel 2» j 33 I7KJ '^'i
'Am Express ■.! |2O5 ,210
240 Am Gr Twine Co. 11 4! 11 »i 11*51 124
CutAm Hide & L. .j loSl 1054 I-' 1 *; 13
400'j Do pfd I 45 (44 44-^1 48H
800,Asncnc«n Ice .. S-»| 8 SHI &"'.
TOO! Do Md S9Jij 3a 39^| 33i4
• •••>•• , Am I^:Tisc^d . . -. •....;..... !•» 1 4 ; 16
i Do pfd ...(..... S7 i 41
l.ft0u.Am L.3comoUve .| 32«i| 31% 32% i 82%
4CH»; Do p'd [102HJ102 102 -102^
1.300Um . M*It j- SS 8 *%]£*%
700- Do jiid 27;«j 27 27 27»*
CW^.Aai Km &nf Co bU'^i 78% 60 S0»4
400| Do p.'d ;113 |I12»4!112 113
'lSrlocAm Sugar 141?iiiai>\ Hl'sHlli
i Do p.'d }.... .137 140
|Aa Te! & T Co] 143 145
-Am Tcb pfd ...1 147 150
1.5OCtAm Woolen- 2w% -J3\% ZJV, 21
j Do Pld ..(.. 91% 93
2O0, Anaconda 103 103 102- 103
i Ann Arfccr j S2 38
| Do rfd 62 65
1Z90»pa T -fc S F 85 K3% 85 S5H
7(X»;. Do jfd \VCH 102^4 I02U 102%
24.103'Bait & Ohio i 100% 100 100% 100ft
....:.. I Do pM ...} B5 »6 f
...>rv;.'Bay State Gas..| /... - a, %
g.«00B R T 60 58% a»!» <»
!nrook Un Gas 210-J215 «
....... ,'Bruns D & I.... ni,| 11%
..-; jButterick Co eo- 6S
;Csnarta So :....] 70 70*4
S.WKxVaradian Pscific!130'i;i29>« 130H 12C5i
7.«00;c & 0 4fi' 4 | 47 4S»« 48^
' 4.20ft C&- A I 4*t4| S3 VJ <2% 43
! Do pfd ! ! 7S R5
M: & K I pfd....l....J 12.S14 135
Z000C & G W { 22»i| 22 22U{ 22%
i.io<> Dt> rrd b .j so ss% zi% \3n
I Do dtbs ..! :.... S5'i SO
4<y>C «V"K W i 2.T4»ii204 204 '2»
67.70f>C M & Pt P 163%;iC7%|16niiiiraai
i Do pfd j I J1S2*I1R3'
13.WK..C Til AT (new) I 32% | S1t;| w
600! Do rM ! 8* I SSy 2 ] «?. t R4
I Do 4s J .....I mt'A sou
9OfHTtl Terminal ...I 12 I Iiyj Iitj) 12
2,K"j nor'a-..-- 122 121 21>li 21*J
4«»'Ch < .cajro Cn Tr»c lcuil--. 11%! I2'i
-v-JOCj- DO pfd.'.....'.. 44ii| 44*4 43 I 44
. 70f'O r c i St L.. aC«i : SJ { ttY t \ W>>4
...... t l r» pfd 1 .....iiu 1....!
.JClMe Lor & W ! . C5 1 R0
....::.\ Do prd 00 ico
io.<wm>io r. i 1 1 45*;|^3Tii 45%} *5T»
...... _i rx> rf<i 1 1 f"» t s?
' 3<5f»Col H C * I I 17 I 1«^i! 17'.;! i7ij
' 2.500; C^Jo Potrth.....--} 23 ?1 I,22^JT 22*i
?7W* T>o. 1st- pM..;. I 58' I 57^1.57^! 5S»4 I
%-Xfi--Vo 2'.-n'<5.....! 3S=i< Zl I 3 MA I 35
? rj*Xt>r.r'\Vlwl n*F VV ■ |2f.l5»!2Cr«i;2O2 ■ !
Si«f«TCcnt T.ib Co pfd.!127V127>i!l27i'.ll?R<4 '
- - 3n0 - i-«rn • Pmi'icw..' 21 i 20'i) 2C%? 21 i
100; Do pfd ! 7!) i 79 I TSUI 7!> ,
JWO IV>1 & Hudnon.-'l^l iltt I18SUI|S« ]
100. D L & W ...1335 £35 1330 1340 i
» 600:d & R G i 31H! 30%i 31 32
S.2C0! Do pfd | SSfcj S6?« S8Vi 58%
j !Dc-9 M & Ft D. .)..... 79 80
; Detroit Un Ry.. .."...1 75% 7S%
1, COO Detroit Southern 7%i 6 T fc 7 7»4
2.300; Do pfd 30%! 29 SO 30>-i
j iDiamcnd Match { 1135 140
1.800;DistUMng Secar. 3794 37 37U 37%
I ...j Do bends .' i.. 78 78%
jDu'.uth S S 4. A 11%! 12%
SOOi Do pfd 22 21 20*;l 22%
i 13.200 ; Erie j 3C»i i 36% 3«%i 36'^
j 2,'jOO; Do l*t pfd 1 74%i 74 74%j 74^
SOOi Do 2* ptd J S5%' 55»4 55Vii 50%
■ ;e & t h pM : es e6
I i Do pfd ! SO 83
100- Ft TV & D C j 38 (38 37 135%
General Chem ..i | CO | C3
: Do ptd 106 102
SGOlGenerai Electric. 184% 183 184% 184%
400 Gt North pfd... 240 23S 23S 245
..: 'Green Cons Cop. ........... 2«% 2t5"4
.:..".. .!Hav Tob Co. 33 35
j Do pfd...> 41 44
300!HockIng VaJley.| 89% 8» S9% 90
ICO, Dr> pfd i 92?«i 92«4j 92% 93
7.500 Illinois Central.. (154*i 1153 (154% 154%
1.700,lp.ter Paper ...I 24^| S4 | 24% 24S*
I tOO Da pfd j 77%! 77 j77V4 77%
j COW Inter Power ...j 65%i Cl%' 62% 6.5
; i Inter Pump ...i 140 42
100 Dj pfd ' S5 I 85 65% 81
l.SOOJowa Central ... 29 !-2S% 28% 29%
7'JO Do pfd SCVif 55S-4I 55»4 50%
:Kana & Mlch...| | | 36 | 37«4
.«O K O K S & M pf S2 I S'-fct M%i 81-4
4.200iKan Ciry South.! 30 29 ] 29% 29*4
6.400! Do pfd 54% 52 54 5*!4
..,K & D M 15 1*
.Laclede Gas pfd 90 91
300 L. E & W 37 37 I 37 33
j Do pfd 96 98
[Long lelar.d f 55 •'*-
24,7W, > ,L & X 141% 11394 HO l»0»4
iManhattan .. ..!1G3%|163 |183>4 ie»%
l.<tOi*:Manhat Beach 9% II
2.1W Metropol Secu ..! 78%! 7S 77 78
l.WX^Metropol £t Ry.jlSl 120 12O»4 120%
10,20. Mexican Central 21*4 21% 21% 21«ifc
700.Minn & St L . . . «>3% 61 63 64
I Do 1st pfd 93 100
400 M St PAS S M. SS 87% SS 89
4.3T.0! Do pfd .1146 . 141 148 118
4. 100' Mo Kan & Tex. 30*., 30 3O?4 30 "4
O.K0O : Do i>fd ! 63*4 «2H 63 0*
10.7t>o;MiBSOuri Paclflc. 1O7»4 IOCS* 107%!107%
2fiO Xa«h C & St L. 145 144% 144 145
600 National Lead ..j 23% 23 23V4 23%
j Do. pfd j 96% US
NRR of Hex pfd 39SJ 39%
1.200 National Biscuit. 56% 56^4 5*%'. 56%
! Do pfd •......;... 115%'lie
IN J Central 189 190
BOOiN Y Air Brake. 137% 1K>%]154 15S
lj,€<« N T Central ...140 136U.:139% 139%
300 X Y C & St L. 44 43 43 44
I Do 1st rfd •- 110 120
200' Do 2d pfd ...I 76% 76 76 78
N V Dock {. ! 1S% 24
N Y N H & Har 97% 9S%
4.3O0N Y Ont & ■«'.. 44 43% 43T 8 I 44
iN'orfo-.k & West! 7ST« '$% 73% 73%
."5<m Do pfd 94 93 92% 94%
300 North American. ilOl 100 101 102%
17,000'Xorthern Secu .. 129%!126% 129».4jl2fl%
...[Omaha 154 155
| Do pfd ...1S7 199
,O S L 4s ..... 103%il04
_:...JPaclflc. Coast ..,}..... ...".. .75%) 77
.......J.Do IstD/d . t U,.v-.-. J : J i '97 104
..■..:..' Do 2d 6fd.-;.*:T.'.V., K.... 60% S3
1.000 Pacific Mall ...i 45 [42% 44Vi 44%
42.5C0'Penri R R Co.. i136%]135 IM% 13*%
4.30C People's Gas :..]l06T%]106 106% 10C>»
...... 1P«re-Marquette^ -{.•---• 75 'H<>
400P CC&Et L... 77%1'77 76
1 Do Pfd J.....4...:. 1C5 106
700 Pressed S Car..! 39 I 3S 3S% 33H
7W Do pfd ...:..)■ W- S9% 90 90%
iPullman Car Co 234 236
V.OCOJRy Steel Spg Co 32% 31% 32 32U
..I Do pfd •- 90% 31%
41,M)O: Reading 79 7S% 78% 79
400! Do 1st pfd ... 90% 90 S9 90%
.... Do 2d pfd ... ..i 81% S2
1.200 1 Republic S & I. 15% 15»4 15% 15%
300*. Do Pfd .......j «JS 68 67% CS
SOOr Rubber Goods.) 27 26%! 27 £7%
30Ci Do pfd 95 94% 92 So
2t"K>S!c* B S S & I Co C0% CO «0%| 61
] Do pfd 97 ilP2
St J & G I 15 17
Do 1st pid 12 18
Do 2d p'd ... 24 27
... St L S F 1st pfd f 75 | 76
K00 Do 2d pfd G7%! 65W 67 I H7%
tiOO'St L & S W... 23S 25 25V4 25%
l.»O0j Do pfd i 57% 55"^ 57 57'.i
1 4.S0O Southern Pac ..! «2"nl 61%! 62% 63
.Sou Pac Dfd ..'nS^IllS^IHSti llfi%
24,900 southern Rail ..I 35>4 34% 35%! 35i{
• 900. Do pfd 96%! 96 96%l 96%
Standard Oil ...1 1 €30 ;633
..-..:.. ! .«tand R and T. . I .( 3V41 5!i
13.300Tenn C & I...". 71Vi 69 71%f 72
• 3<iOTex Pac L - T Co 3S% 3S 3H j 38 *i
1.400.Teras Pac .1 34% 34% 34% 34%
fThird Avenue ..I .....131 132
!to! Rv & T Co. i 22% 23%
WIT St L 4 W... 36*,! 33% 36% 36*»
1.300: Do pfd 54%l 52%! 54 54%
'.Twin City R T. . .....I J104 !lO3
X'n Ba» & Paper 1 .{ 9% ! 11
67,700'Urion Pac 110%!lOS'/4!110 !110%
I Do rfd 1 95 96
I Do Oonv 4b.. 107% 10S%
iVnited Copper . „: 9 10%
lUn Rcad«*cf S F 21%| 22
I tioofd €8 67% 67 ! 63
i Do 4» 87% I 87%
5,100 C S C I P | f 5 J>4 95 | 96
400| Do pfd : 78% 77% TS% 79
}U S Express 1124 1123
eo.SOOU S Leather... 17% l«%t 16%l 16%
10.300! Do pfd 1103% 1C2U!1O3%UO4
U P R & C rfd.! j 78 I 79
JO g R *- R pfdi.....!.....l 36 I 42
400 C S Rubber 1 31% 31 ! 31%! 32
WXt! Do pfd ! »-'<•! 03%i 93»il n.1% |
81.700'U S Steel Cor.l 2J»%! 2H 29 Hi 29*1
lil.500' Do pfd j 91%! S9K »1% »1>J
1.200iVa-Car Chem Co .41% I 40% 41«Ai 42
; no pfd I...:.!..... 112 n«
70fi,Waba£h ! 22 i 21»4! 21%l 22«
2.K10! Do pfd I 43%: 4=%! 4S%! 43%
I Do 6'b "Bs".. i ! fie%i <^%
..: ITfelta.Fargro- Exl.....i :237 1249
Z-SCCWertrrs Union ! 94%l 93 I ?»%! 93%
700,ViestSn)!rhoute .."J1?O 179 UKO 1R1
200J Do 1st pfd 1l94%llO3% 130 t2<V>
iw * t; e ..!.:...! 1SV4I is%
I Do 1st Pfd... j 45 I 4*
I Do 2d pfd....i.....l 25%1 26%
SJWWIs Central ...[21%! 21%( 21 I 21H
1.100! Do pfd 1 45% | 44 44 | 44%
946.C00 total rhare* «ol<5.
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s reK..101%!Man con rold 4s.lO4% .
.Do coupon lC4 r *JMex Cen 4s... 76
Tk> 3^, res 104%| Do 1st ine 23% !
Do coupon 104%'Minn & St L 4s.. 97>4
Do new 4s reg.1.%% Mo. K & Tex 4s.l00%
Do coupon .,..131 | Do 2<J» 85% ;
. Do old 4s reg.lC5*4!X RR of Mx c 4s. 81 I
Do coupon 1C6*; NY Cen Ken 3%s.l01Vi
Atchl6on Ren 4s. 102% X J C gen 5a 13S
Do adj 4* .... SMU X Pacific 4s 103%
Atlantic C L 4b. 93 t £| Do 3s 7.V/i
Bait * Ohio 4s ..103 X & "V\'est con 4s.lCi i
Do-3%8 106% Or . S L 4sfrpar.lO3%
Cen of Ga 5s ..111 |Per*n conv 3Us.-.lC2%
Do 1st Inc 91%< Reading: ren *s.lC2%
Che» & Ohio 4%«.107 |PtL & I M con 5s.ll6%
Chi & Alton 3%«. S2 |St L * £ F ttc. 4s. 80\i
C B & Q new 4».100%iPt I»ul* 3 W lets. 98
CM& St P senU.110%lceaboard A L 4s.. S4%
Chi A-XW con 7*.123 !Bo Paclne 4* 93%
C R I & P 4s... 80%|So Railway 5s ...119
Do col 5s 93 ITpx & P I»ts....HJ>«
CCCA-3tL rcn 4s.l01T4'Tol.StL & W j4b. S3
CM" Ter 4s Si lUrlon Pact 4«. ...1C6U
Con Tob 4s 77%l Do "conv 4s ...110U
Colo & Bo 4s... 9O (U S Steel 24 5s.. 91%
Denver & R O 4e.lO2i;i"K>ba!h lsts ..:.117Vi
Erie prior 1 4s...lClU| Do deb B .... 6?n
Do pen 4s . . Pl«4m* & L E 4s .. 9ZU,
F TV & D ClBts..1O7S6lWi» Cen 4s 92%
Hock Val-4%«...111 C F & T con 5s.'S3T4
Louis 4-X ur.l 4a.lO3%l • . . • ■ .. .. .
* New- York Jlfnlnsr Stocks.'
Adaas Con ..i..' 25lLlttle Chief ...... 03
Alice C0|Or.tarl<> 3 50
Brcec*--.. •••• 15'OoMr :».;.; 3 40
Brunswick Con ... lllPhoenlx C8
Comstcok Tun.... CRiPotosl * l.i
C C i V« I-fSlSavase ?0
Horn Silver .... 1 T5i3:c:ra Nevada ... 4t
Iron Silver ...... 1 90! Small Hopes ,25
Leadvllle Con ... OCiStandard .'. f. 1 60
Boston Stocks and Bonds. . .
Monry _. lUS Steel 29
Cal! loans ....3%<?1?4T Do pfd 01%
Time loan**.. 4, 05. j AVcitiirhoose C. C9
Donds— ; ! Ulnlne— .
Atrhlson adj 4s. n3«4|Adrcnture j%
Do 4* ....... M0l%.' A Uouez ....; IS
Mexican Cen 4s.. 75 f Amalsatpated 1,7%
Ratlroatfs— I Amer zinc 12%
Atchison ." R4Ti -Atlantic ....... . . ',aK
Do rfd ...;.. If 2Vijr.lnsham 34>i
Coston & Alb3ny.2jt?4iCa!umet & H r :.":.CCO
Tiorton * Malne.175 ICrntenn'Rl ...... 23'S
Boston Dev.. .-.1^1 jCoppcr Range .... 67%
Fitehburr nfd ....139UlDa.l» W«.t ,......n
■ - - ■ • -
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17," 1904:
Mexican Cen .... 21U!Domlnlon Coal .. 64
NY. N H A H...!5T^!rrankUn .11 ,
Prre Marquatft .. 75 IGranby 5 -
CniCTi Pacific .. ..lCDTilcle P.oyale 23U
Miscellaneous — [Hats Mining 8%
Am Age Cheni... 21 [Michigan .«. .. 8%
Do pfd SO I Mohawk 80
Am Pneu Tube... 5m Mont Coal & C... t\i
Amer Sugar 141»4lOld Dom 25%
Do pfd 138 jOsccola S3
Am Tel & Tel.. ..141$; t P.-.rrot .-.'. 26
Amer Woolen '.'. !(»'•■, i Qulaoy 1C5
Do pfd 92«iiKhar.non RtJ
Dom I & Sletl... lSi^:Tain=rack ITS
Etiiron Elee U..253- ITririty -....; 11 U
Gen E'ectric 34 IU S Mining 2*%
Mass Electric ... 14 lU.'S Oil 11
Do pfd ........ 61 (Utah i*K
Ma«K Gas ZH -Victoria 4 -a,
Lnited Fnuit .. ..104»ii Winona 1H4
Un Shoe Mach.; r.aw» I Wolverine ..- .104
Do pfd........ 31 j . ; . •
IvOndon Closinjr Stocks.
Cons money S8VV Y Central 139?;
Do aect . . . ; . : 8S«i , Norfolk * & .West.. 80V>
Anaconda* "5% I Do nfd »3
Atchison 8> jOrtario & West... 45«4
Do rfd 103U|Pcrv-sylvan5a C9%
Bait & Ohio ....1C3V1 1 Rand 'Mines . 11<&
Canadian Pac ..13.'iUfRe«dlng 40>*
Ches & Ohio 43 I Do Ut pfd 45H
Chiriro-G W.... 22«4I Do 2d pfd...... 41^.
Chi. M & St P...172i;l3outhern Ry 35
De Beers ...;... is ! Do pfd,..:. 08
Denver & R G.... 31 VilSouthern Pac ... «i2*4
Do pfd 83i.iiCnlon Pacific ....lllijg
Erie 37V4P Do pfd-. 97
Do 1st pfd..... 76 |U S Steel 28%
Do 2d pfd ;-..-56»if Do pfd 91%
Illinolfi CcntraL..157 Wabash C2
Louieville & N..14-:>i( Do pfd ........ 44
Mo. K & Tex... 3l»i!Spanlsa Fours.... S9%
Bar Silver— Firm: 28 ll-16d per ounce. -.
Money — iUS2>{ per cent. . l'^
The rate of discount In the open market
for short bills is 2%&2'.i, per cent, and for
three .months* bills is 2fi per cent. ■ .
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Dec. 10.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shoe's the bank clear
ings at th« principal cities for the week ended
December 15, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
CITIES— inc. Dec
New York .$2,189,031,770. 74.2 ....
Ch'-cajo 202,195,566 13.5 " ....
Boston .* 1C1.0S3.312 19,7 ....
Philadelphia .... 130,650,972 15.8 ....
St. Lotus 6l.235.5SS . 12.1 ....
Plttsburgr 4B.196.954 25.4 ....
San Francisco .." 33.167.123 S.2
Baltimore 2ti.534.8C2 12.6 ....
Cincinnati ....... 26.032.100 19.2 • ....
Kansan City ./... 24.1S1.O33 ~ 5.8 ....
New Orleans 24.495,159 6.0 ....
Cleveland 13,974.543 9.8
Minneapolis 21,915.004 31.0 ....
Detroit 11.939.671 11.1 .....
Louisville .. 11,944,382 12.5
Omaha 9.2«4,772 19.4 ...,
Milwaukee 9,306,eS8 4.4 ...*
Providence 7,925,700 .... 0.8
Buffalo 6,517,813 1.1
Indianapolis 7.214,133 17.7 ....
St. Paul 7.100,992 17.1 ....
Los Angelas 9,044,405 • 25.8 ....
St. Joseph 5.409.510 24.6 ....
Denver 8.R50.939 24.3 ....
Columbus 4,720,600 5.1 ....
Memphis 6.709,814 :4.2
Seattle 4,940,984 IS. 5
Richmond 5.422.C19 18.4 ....
Washington 4,642. 1SS 3.9 ....
Savannah 4,696.241 9.3 ....
Albany 4,430.754 17.5
Portland. Or» .... 4.381,461 .... 10.8
Fort Worth 4.949,975
Toledo. Ohio 3.653,400 23.6 ....
Salt Lake City... 3.819.673 4.4
Peoria . 4.036,691 9.8
Atlanta 4.047.380 4.1 ....
Rochester 3.875,628 64.4 ...J
Hartford 2.7S9.C7K 28.7 ....
Nashville 2.'J56,20S 8.6
Des Molnes 2.421,187 5.5 ....
Spokane. Waah... 2.851.107 21.2 ....
Taeoma ; .. 3.217,996 37.3 ....
Grand Rapids ... ■ 2.C16.073 "40.0 ....
New Havtn 1.932.66S 6.0 ....
-Dayton 1.555.14S .... 1.5
Norfolk 1.W1.593 4.9
Springfield, Mass. • «C9,«S9 9.0
Worcester ' 1.400,316 ■ 37.7 ....
Portland. Me l.«90.44S 13.4 I
Augusta. Ga 1.89S.0S0 "2.7 ....
Topeka 1.CSS.007 . .... 24.6
Sioux City ...... ■■ ' 1.786.SnS -33.9 ....
Syracuse •- 1,372.2'<S „ 9*.5 ...>
Evansvllle 1.641.207 2S.9 ....
Birmir.Kham ..... - 1,429,511 3.1
Wlimingtton, Del. 1.124.W7 .*:.. 10.9
K-^oxville .. -•- 1.219.02O 14.0 ....
.Davenports —.•.... -, -778.274 ..8.9..- ;...
Little Rock ..... 1.123.719 ; 5.9
Wilkesbarre .. .. , 1,105,679 83.4 ;...
Fall River v , 703.831 ,
Macon .....>. CS0.587 30.2
Wheeling. W. Va. R04.4S4 13.3
Wichita .. '. SS0.267 " 3.1 ...'.
Akron «3CO,000 .... B.8
Chattanooga - 1 .8 ■ ....
Springfield. Hi .. 800.S31 34.7
Kalamaioo. Mich. 91R.012 50.9 ....
YoungElown .. ..' ' 557.5IK) 6.3
Helena .. K19.74O 30.1
Lexingtc-n ' 664,757 17.2 ....
Fargo N. D 835.118 14.8
N'ew Bedford ... 494.611 19.1
Canton. Ohio 348. POO 7.1
Jacksonville. Fla.. 1,042.834 31.7 .
Lowell 52l > .,618 18.2
Chester. Pa 442,042 5.1
Oreensburg. Pa... 401.002 9.9
Rockford. III. ... 53I.«14 0.1
Bir.ghamton 447,500 .... 2.8
Sprinnrneld. Ohio. 377. 4S9 .... 4.3
Rloominrton, 111.. 474,534 33.1
Qulncy. 111. 364.013 6.1
Sioux Falls. S.D.. 328.170 .... * 2.3
Mansfield. Ohio.. 257,670 12.7
Decatur. 111. .... 372.816 22.6
Jacksonville. Ill . 242.311 54.1
Fremont, Neb 233.188 62.1 ....
•Houston 14.288. 4.S5 .... 10.0
•Galveston ■ 12.542,000 11.4
♦Charleston S. C. 1,151,520 .... 12.2
Cedar Rapids 476,114
Totals. V. S:.f 3. 175.931,378 ilJTli 7777
Outside N. T. $9Sa.SW.6O8 13.8 ....
CANADA.
Montreal |2CJ43,9S3 24.0 ....
Toronto 19.918,348 25.8 ....
Winnipeg 7.990,150 ,32.4 ....
Ottawa 2.020,276 15.6
Halifax 1.824.065 2.0
Quebec 1. 755.960 27.7' "
Vancouver, B. C. l,*«3.40O 16.3 ....
Hamilton 1.413.4S7 14.5 ....
London. Ont 972.480 9.9
St. John, N. B.. 1.015.1S2 11.6
Victoria, B. C... 673,327 21.6
Totals. Canada 165.481.194 21.3
•Not included In totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
tNot Included In totals because of no , com
parison fcr last year. •
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec 16.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury ehows:. Available cash
balance. (145,458,960; gold. $86,221,335.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. la— Cotton futures
or^ned steady at the decline: December 9.71c-
January. 9.75c; March.. 7.74c: April ■• 7 8*»c*
May, 7.S5c; June. 7.90c; July, 7.9$c; 'August'
7.94c.
Futures closed steady: January. 7.56c; Feb
ruary. T.63c; Mar/h, 7.74c: April, 7.80c; May
7.S6c; June. 7.91<*; July, 7.9ec: August, 7.96c '
October 7.79c. . •' •■-.
Spot closed quiet. 5 points lower; middling
uplands, 7.95c; "middling gulf, 8.20c- sales
300 bales. ■ ■ ■ : - .-^. ; --■
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15,000 barrels; exports,' 10.700 barrels; market
quiet, but steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 43,000 bushels: epot
market Irregular; No. 2 red. .nominal elevator
and $1 17% f. o. b.- afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. SI 23 f. o. b. afloat. Good support
and liberal Northwest buying promoted further
advances to-day. the market closing %c
higher. May closed at $1 12%; July $1 ft-.u- :
December. $117%. , !
HOPS— Steady. ■ V'?
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining 4%c; '
centrifugal. 96 test, 4*^0:' molasses sugar, 4%c;
refined, firm: crushed, 6.35c; powdered, 6.73c:
cranulated. 5.65c.
COFFEE— Steady: No. 7 Rlo.'8%c. Futures
closed steady, 10«15 points higher. Sales
187,000 bags. Including December. 7.30<J7.40c;
January. 7.40c: February, 7.50c; March 7.70c -
May, 7.KCe7.95c; July. 7.95S8.10c; August,'
8.20c: October, B.25igRj30c. .
BUTTER— Unehacred. ,
. CHEESE^ — Unchanged. \ ■
EGGS — Unchanged.
I PETROLEUM— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
DRIED. FRUTTB.
EVAPORATED APPLES—Firm. Common.
3»l(?4c; prime, 4%«T4%c; choice, GS5%c:
fancy. 6(5«%c. --.: >*•?'•
PRUNES— Easy.-. Quotations for California
varieties range from 2c to 6c. accordlns; to
trade. ■ ■- ■"•.■.•.■•.•..■■.
APRICOTS — Are -In light supply and .firm, j
with choice at 10c; extra choice. 10%®ilc'
fancy. ll%®15c. n--: ,
PEACHES — Are reported Increasingly scarce
anil the market seems . to . have • an upward
tendency. Choice, 9%c;. extra choice. 10 «®
lC%c: fancy. -11%©12c. •
"Strxv York Metal Market.
' KBWTORK. Dec 1G.— The London tin
market was rather Irregular,: with the pre
rniujn in spot ehrlnklnc to. some extent and '
final quotations standing;- at £136 ? for* i>pct i
tnd -£131 5s for futures. •.; Locally the price
wa« a little higher, with -spot held at $23 200 i
S9W.;,- ■ • ..'-■■ :■-■::-','■ .: -».y,i\v:.;-.- |
■ Copper was lower In London, with spot at
£C-5 12s 6d and futures i at £60. The local
market is dull ar.d practically nominal. Lake, j
«1J ?n««K» .l«*mlrtln and nastlnv ir*. va. '
rfously quoted, the official range standing from
; 14 75 to J13 for electrolytic, and: from $14 00
io fl4 75 lor casting, ; while- some dealers are
hclum? a little above the outside figures men
tioned. ' ' ■■'-':■:*..
- Luid ruled steady,- but unchanged at $4 t3O@
4 70 in the local market arifl^ilS 15a_ln the
London market. \-* • ' • ' "■•
Spelter .unchanged at £25 in London and at
$5 iO«ji> S~Vi in New York. ..
Iron closed at 62s 3d In Glasgow, and 4Ss In
Middlesbcro." Locally iron was quiet and un
charged. - •
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 1«.— Widespread demand for
ctsh wheat was the main cause of a • strong
market in speculative options here to-day.
At the close May wheat was up %®?ic. Corn
shews a gain of Vi'H'hP- Oats are up, !jgi;c.
Prorisions are practically unchanged. "
Sentiment in the wheat pit at the opening
v.-a* rather bearish as a result of lower cables
and a material increase in shipments from
Argentina. Initial quotations on May' ."• wera
orf \<ifiV*c at ?r 10?»@l 10t$. News from the
■ Ncrthwcet, however, was -or a continued bull
ash tenor.. As a result the, market here soon
developed a stronger tone. ..- One report from
Minneapolis stated that the demand for cash
wheat there was of a roost excellent char
acter. Another report was that sales of low
gr&de wheat to go. to Kansas City had been
made during the day. These -. advices . were
given additional weight by good buying or
ders from Northwestern commission houses.
The market received, additional strength
through a report from St." Louis to the effect
that Indiana and •.Ohio millers are buying
wheat, In the Southwest. A feature of trading
during the latt»r part of the -session was an
urgent demand for ■ December delivery. There
was. a resultant advance of 2i;c in the price
of that option: Shorts were the principal
buyers of December. Meantime May advanced
l%c from" the low point of the day, selling
ur- to $1 ll*i. Part of the gain was subse
quently, lost on profit- takine, tiut the market
closed strong. Final quotations on May were
at $1 11 ',©1 11%.
Influenced by loyer cables and increased
shipments from Argentina an easier tone pre
vailed in the corn market. May closed %c
hither at 45?»c. . ,
Oats were (ixra throughout' the 4ay. May
Closed unchanged at 31^4c
On fair support by packers the provision
market .held firm. Pork closed 2»*g5c higher,
lard 'a shade lower and. ribs unchanged.
The leading futures! ranged as follows: ■
Articles — Open' High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 1 07»; 1 10 1 07ft 1 08J4
May ....■:...>.. 1 10% 1 11»4 1 10% 1 11%
July 83«i 90^ ; &8% S6\
Corn No. 2—
December 46*4 4fJ^ 45% 45%
May 45% . 45% 45 - 45%
July 45% 45% 45% 45%
Oats No. 2 —
December 2S% 29% 29% 29%
May 31% 31% 31% 81%
July. 31% 31% 31% 31i*
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May-. 12 95 13 00 12 90 12 92%
January .......12 50 12 65 12 50 12 55
Le.rd, per 100 lbs— ■
January 6 87% 6 90 6 85 6 85
May 7 15 7 17% 7 12% 7 12%
fhort Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January ....... 6 50 6 52% - ' « 50 « 5O i
May 6 80 6 85 6 77% « 80
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 16. — Cash quotations were
as follows : Flour, steady. No. 2 spring
wheat. ?1 Ooigl 15: No. 3, $1@1 10; No. 2 red.
$1 I29i©M5«: No. 2 corn, 45%®46c; No. 2
yellow. 45U<34Sc; No. 2 oats. 2»%c; No. 2
White.. 31 %c: No. 3 white. 30®31c: No. 2 rye.
73c:- good feeding barley/ 37@S8c; fair to choice
maltinr. 41®4?c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 10%;.No.
1 Northwestern. $1 14%: prime timothy seed,
$2 72%; mess pork, --per bbl. $11 30911 40:
lard, per 100 lbs. ?6 SO; short ribs sides
(loese), *6 2566 50: short clear sides (boxed).
$5 62%®6"5; whisky, ba*!s of high wines.
?1 24; clover, contract . grade, $12 75.'
Artlclef* — ." ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flcur barrels ............ 15.400 " :, 44.500
Wheat, bushels H0.00O" 61.300
Corn, bushels 327.200 27P.900
Oats, bushfls 51.50O 106.400
Ry». . bushels 5.000 . 700
Barley, bushels 61.400 IS, 600 j
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Dec. 16.— On the Produce Ex- j
chanre to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries, 16^2»3c: dairies, 16@22c: eggs,
easy at mark, -19g23%c; cheese, steady, 11@ ;
12o. ■•- ' '
CATTLE, SHEEP ANT> HOGS.
! ' v- -V s Chicago.
j CHICAGO. Dec. 16— CATTLE— Receipts,
• 3000; steady; good to' prime steers, $6@7: poor
i to medium. £$ 75@i> 75; etockers and feeders,
?2 15Q4 15; cows, *l@4-25; heifers. $1 75.^5;
.' canners, $1#2 .30; bulls $£@4 20: calves, $3 50
,-'©7. -.- ".'. --"■>»- V , • '■ ' ■
i.: HOGS^-'Recerpts. 30,000; to-morrow, 20.00O:
! steady; mixed and butchers, ?4 30@4'60: good
'.to choice heavy, $4 5564 65: rough heavy,
1*4 30«?4 42H; light. $4 30@4 5O; bulk of sales.
.^$4 45©4 65. -■*--- •■,•-* - - ',
: SHEEP— Receipts. 8000: sheep and lambs,
! steady: good "to choice wethers. $4 50^5 55;
I fair to choice mixed, ~?3 50@4 75; Western
I sheep, 54g5 76 r native lambs, $5@7;. Westarn
! lambs. f5@6 S5. * i
Omaha. :
OMAHA, Nebr.. Dec 16.—CATTL-E—Re
ceipts. 130O; steady; cows and heifers, $2,509
! 3 80; Western steers, ?3®4 70; Texas steers,
1 .<-" 75^3 75; range cows and heifers, $2 40^
3 50; canners, $1 5O@2 30: stockers and feed
ers. ?2 5Oitf3 85; calves, $2 60@5 50; bulls and
stags, $2@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 6500; active; heavy,
$4 37%@4 42»4: mixed, $4 4C#4 42V4:' light.
: $4 42y.@4 5o; pigs, $4@4 40; bulk of sales,
I $4 40&4 42^.
I SHI3EP — Receipts, 6000; slow to 10c lower:
I Western yearlings. ?4 5O@5 35; wethers. $4 75
! ©5 2T>: ewes, $4 25@4 70; common and stock
ers, $2 5O®4 50; lambs, $5 40«6 30.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. -Dec. IS.— CATTX.I5—
Recfrirts. 4000; steady;,. native steers,- $4 50@
6 50; native cows and heifers, $1 75®5 25;
Btockers and feeders. ?2 50<S4; bulls. $2@4:
calves, $3@8 50": v Western steers, $3@5; West
ern cows. ?1 75® 3 50.
HOGS — Receipts. 9000; slow steady; bulk of
sales. ?4 30#4 55; heavy. $4 50ff4 62^: pack
ers, $4 4iVa4 55; piga and light. $.1 85(g4 45. '
SHEEP — Receipts. 2000: . steady; muttons,
$4@5; lambs, *5@6 65; wethers, $4 25#5 25;
ewe«, $8 7&3'4 40. - v . , . _
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
ForeUrn. Fuf nres.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May. j
Opening 7 3% 7 3% !
Closing .- . . 7 2% -'73
paris:
Wheat — ; ' Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 23 75 24 00
Closing 23 70 24 90
Flour —
Opening ......;... 31 25 52 45
Closing .....3120 32 35
St. Louis Wool . Market. '.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 1C— Wool steady: medium '
grades, combing and clothing, . 23#29c: light.
fine, lS322%c: heavy. , fine. 14glSc;s tub ,
washed, 34340c.
Northern Wheat Market.
- OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 16.— Wheat for export—
Walla Walla,. 81c: bluestem. 85c: for East—.
Walla Walla. S3§85c; bluestem, 90c
7. . WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec 16— Wheat nnchanged;
bluestem, SSc; club, S5c. .
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Dec 18.— Clearings, $553,153;
balances. $80,631. :
TACOMA, Dec 16.— Clearings. 1530,481;
balances. S61.015. . • .-..*■ ......
PORTLAND. Dec 16.— Clearings, ?591.G54;
balances, SC6.287.
SPOKANE, Dec. 16.— Clearings, 1507,397; ;
balances, ?69.C07. . . |
■ ■. ■ • . ■ - . -1
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
' The advance In Mexican dollars continues
and Silver Is also-firmer. Local Sterling Ex
change continues firm. \ but International Is
weak. ' .
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. .$4 84%ff? —
Sterling Exchange, sight ....... 4 S7«i^ —
Sterling Exchar^e. cables 4 87% @ — I
New York Exchange, fight Par 0 — j
N. T; Exchange, telegraphic... 02t4@ ; —
River, per ounce^.'. "...:.^. ..... C0T4@ —
Mexican Dollars ... .'..'.V. ..-.;.... 50 Q SOU
." INTERNATIONAL. - - • • i
Vew York on 'Paris .^.... ...... .....;.5.15 I
New York on. Mexico ..:...*:.:. 203% 1
Paris on London... •'....'.. .23.15%
Berlin on London .. ;. ;20.36»4
s Wheat, and .Other/Grains. •,..
■■ - WHEAT— Foreign futures were weak. Chi
cago was %c -higher on the day. - with the
Northwest buying. . The ' San Francisco cash
market was firm, ivlth sales at . top quotations,
but futures J .wcre lower, . with active selling
of May : by the brokers, who were ' bearish.
Otherwise there was nothing : 'new. -Wheat
freights • arc weak and - dull at IBs 8d,"' usual
European options, with vessels stilt leaving
ln'ballast. seeking business. ■-. ■* -.-
:,CASH'WHEAT.
California -CWb, *l 4Mfl 52% ; California
White Australian. $1 eO®l 62%; Northern
Club $1 50@l 56; Northern Bluestem. SI 60@
$1 C2%; Northern Red, $1 47% per ctl.
FUTURES. . . ':.■■ -
-Session 0 to 11:30 -a. m. .
Open. ' --5 High.' -'• ► Lo-ar. - Clc«e'.
May ......;.«1 -4«% SI 45%. $1 ««4 $1 44%
December — No sales. S" -.■"■-. > *
Dec' (1905k; 1 S2% 32% \ 32 1 32
1 --2 "p. \m. '■-. Sejsion."
* May— $1 44%;bid.:sr44% asked.
December— $1 43%. bid. SI 44 asked.
> BARLEY— The' only pews of Importance i«
Family Ilclall Market.'.- ••■•-. ■ -.-.'
• The best Butter is dearer this week, sup
plies being less liberal than previously. Eggs
are higher -at wholesale, but retail rates have
not been affected as yet. ; .,' ' ,*
Turkeys and some kinds of Game are cheap- :
er, while Chickens stand exactly the same as
•Juoted": last week. Meats and Fish are still
selling- at the-. Ions established' quotations.
Garden vegetables are In light supply and
sever*! kinds are higher." Fruits hare changed
but little since last week. *
COAL. PER TON— V
Wellington .?—S10 00| New
Seattle .?...$—#3 50; Wellington.*—€10 00
Roslyn .... .8—@ 9 C0: Wellington .
Richmond ..$—@1O dOT Nut ... $—G 8 CO
Coos Bay ..$—@ 7 501
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter. choice,sq. —®45J Best Ranch-.. .4O?J45
Do good 35@^0, Common do. .35-03 1%
Do packed, lb. —#251 Storage ...:...3OS35
Cheese. Cal 15020! Eastern 25®30
Cheese. Eastern.20<825! Honey, comb, lb.—4*15
Cheese. Swiss . .25@35| Do extracted .. 8S10
Eggs, per dozen — -j- . •.».■■■
POULTRY AND GAME—
• Hens." large. ea.t&Quui "White ' Geese, ea.20323
Do small* 508t01 Krant. each 25© JO
xouns Roosters. | Rabbits, each . .20**25
each ......y.75cfi$l! Hare each ;....—#20
Old Roosters, ea.5O«»G3i English Snipe, dz—©«4 i
Fryers, each ...600651. Common do,dz$2@2 50
Broilers, each . .4C05OI Wild Ducks, each—
Turkeys, per lb.22326! Mallard ....< ...40£50
Ducks, each . .U5c#Jl; Canvas back .. .5'>SfiO
Oeese. each..—ff*t 50' Sprig ..V. z.ZZ&iO
Goslings .....»2ff2 25| Teal 2CCJ25
Pigeons, pair... —650* Red Heads —**:t5
Pquabe. per palr.30®C0| Widgeon ..:... —<823
Wild Doves. doz.Sl 301 Small Ducks . ...20©:>5
Gray Geese, ea.40050!
MEATS. PER POUND—
Roast Beef: | Mutton Chops . .—015
Choice cuts ..15@20. Pork Chops ....—4*15
Do plain 10©12% Veal Cutlets 1*313
Roast Veal ..12*4015 Corned Beef ....—9 8
Roast Pork ..12%#15 Beef Stew 8010
Foreqtr Lamb.—^12% Mutton Stew ... 5@ 8
Hindqtr Lamb. .—©15! Veal Stew- 10012%
Foreo.tr Mutton.. 8010! Eoup Meat 5*110
Leg Mutton ... .—<J10! Soup Bones .... 4#—
Tndrloin 8teak.l2%C15- Kama :.'...Mei«
Portrhse Steak.. lSgCO 1 Bacon ...........15020
Sirloin Steak.. 12%<$15! Pork Sausage..lZV-fti*
Round Steak..1O012U Chipped Beef ..20®—
Lamb Chops '... 15ff20'Lard 12*40 —
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligtr Pears,ea- —S —I Oranges, doxen—
Almonds ISwCOj Fancy 25/g5o
ADpies 4@ 8| Common 10©2O
Chestnuts, lb. .—ei2%!Pears eooking.lb. 40 5
Cranberries, qt...lO©15| Do eating ...10'gl2%
Pecans —@20| Pineapples. each.255?5O
grmzi] Nuts ....20@-H Persimmons, doz.20©30
Bananas, doz . .25635; Quinces • .. . 3© 5 i
Cocoanuts. each. 5S101 Raisins, lb 10015
Fles dried, lb.. ««1!>. Raspberries, per
Grape Fruit,dx.75c5i$l| drawer 60@75,
Grapes, lb 10@12%| Strawberries. I
Hcklebrries ib.lS^^l.V per drawer 25(575;
I-eraona, doz l5«25!Tanserlnes, doz..lO@20
Limes, dox 10^151 Walnuts, per lb.l5@20
VEGETABLES—
Artichokee.dz 50(g$l 50|Mu6hrooiM, lb..-15S30
Beets, dozen iu@—lOnicas. per lb.... 4@ 5
Beans, white, lb. ■ Sif —i Okra dried lb..2C&— i
Colored, per lb. 5® —I Potatoes, per lb.m/52 |
Dried Lima. lb. 50 6l Parsnips per dr.15^20
Green Lima ..12'/4ei5] Radishes, dz bch.l£@2O
Cabbage, each .. 5®io;Rhubarb, lb —@ 5
Celery, head ... 5@10' Sajre. da bnches.25<6t —
Cres^ dz bunch.l.VTf —I String Beans.lb S@12>4
Cucumbers, ea... —©201Summer Squash
Garlic ...10®12HI P«r lb '.. 8@10
Green Peppers.lb. 50SI Sprouts, per lb.. —'a 8
Dried Pepper* ..lOtg 15!Spinach per lb. —& 3
Egg Plant. ]b.lO@12mSweet Potatoes.lb—@ 2
Green Peas. lb... 6®10!Thyme. dx bnchs.25@30
Lettuce, per doz.l.VSr.OI Turnips, per dox. —©IS
Leeka, dz bnch.l502O[Tomatoes, lb ... —©15
FISH. PER POUND—
Barracouta ..10®12%| Rockcod —®15
Carp —(glwj Sea Bass —<?1-JH
Catfiah ........—©12%| Smelts 10@12H
Codflsh —#12V4; Seles 10<9I5
Flounders 100—( Skates, each 1CH&13
Halibut 15(? — Squid —<j—
Herring .......'. S@10| Tomcod -10#—
Mackerel 15jt—I Turbot ..........200 —
Do horse ...12V13—j Trout "...'.—^075
Kcckfish ......—<?12Hf Whiteflsh ....... 100—
Salmon, fresh.. —@12\4t Clams, gallon . .GC& —
Do smoked .. —@20l Do hardshell, lb S£10
Sardines 8»10 Crawfish, per Ibl2^«l3 |
Shad 103— Crabs each ....2C@25|
Striped' Bass..l2mai5 Mussels, lb .,..12>4<315
Perch :... 10&—\ Oysters Cat:, 100.40050
Pomplno....'. 75c@<l| Do Eastern, dx.20@40
-»-' '" *"
tha't th« December shorts have now practi
cally settled their contracts. Both cash grain
and futures -were steady yesterday at un
changed quotations.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. 41 lCKgl 13%; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 15@1 17 h; Chevalier, $1 15@1 20 per ctL
FUTURES.
' Session 9- to 11:30 a. m.
May— $1 00. . "
December— $1 12<4. • : . • ,
; 2 p. :m.~ Session.'?-"' f ;'..:,;■
May— $l'09Vi asked. " " T ' " '
OATS-!— The. Oriental order 'mentioned yes
terday ha* about cleaned the spot market out
of .Reds., and It. would take but little- io ad
vance, the market. Prices, however, remain
unchanged.
-White. $1 42&Gfl 57tf:-Snrpris«. Jl 55®1 60;
Red for feed. $1 .'"-'Vs'Sil 45 for No 1 and
$1 22Vi<gl 30 for No. t; extra fine for seed.
$1 42',4? 1 CO: Black, $1 30£l 35 for feed and
SI 45'al 62% for seed.
CORN— Sellers are asking $1 45 for yellow
and white, but say thejs cannot get over
$1 42>£. They report a weak and dull market.
Western sacked.- $1 -JO'al 45 for Yellow
White and Mixed; California large Yellow,
: $1 40®1 45; Email round do. $1 65@1 SO; White
$1 4061 45; Egyptian, $1 35©1 37tf for White
and $1 17^@1 20 for Brown.
RYE— $1 4061 45 per ctl.
. BUCKWHEAT— »1 50©l 75 per Ctl. .
Flour and Millstnffg.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 80®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70©5;
Oregon and Washington jobbing at $4@-4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 Ib«;
Rye Flour $3 25r Rye Meal.- $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50: extra cream do. $:; 60;
Oat - Mral. %*: Oat Groats. $4 25; Hominy.
$3 eo@3 S5; Buckwheat Flour |4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 "5: Farina. $4; Whole Wheat
Flour, S3 50; Rolled Oats bbls. ?t> 75@7 50; in
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. S5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100° lbs.
' - Hay and Feedstuffs. ' '
There Is something doing In Hay. First,
there is the Government order for 6S50 tons
for Manila mentioned some days ago. Then
there is the Oriental order for 2000 tons,
filled on Wednesday, mentioned yesterday; and
now it is reported that these Oriental buyers,
whoever they are, have given an option for
S0O0 tons more, the option . to remain open till
Monday and the Hay to be delivered next
Friday. This last order is to two houses, one
calling for 5000 tona and the oth«x for 30C0.
A few more such big orders and the condition
of the Hay market will be materially changed.
There is no further change In Feedstuffs.
BRAN— $20©22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $25©28 per ton." -
SHORTS— *20@22 per ton. ' V r
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley S24024 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. 531 30:332 50;
Jobbing. $33: Cocoanut Cake. ?23®24; Cocoa
nut Meal. -$24625;' Corn Meal. $31 50S32;
Cracked Corn. $S2®32 50; Mixed Feed. $229
23; Horse Beans, $30@40 per' ton; Broom
Corn Feed 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $9@14 50: Wheat and Oat,
$9613 50; Out, $0@12; Barley and Oat. $S®10;
Volunteer Wild Oat. $7®10; ■ stable. $9©10:
stock. $5 5O@7; Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa, $9^12
per ton. . ■■ ■ .
STRAW— 30SG0C per bale.
\ Beans and Seeds.
The market continues neglected ' and of a
holiday character. . ■ --^Sj*te§§A^SSS?*'>
. BEANS— Bayos $2 50®3; Pea, $3S3 50;
Butter, $3@3 25; small White. $3jf3 35;
large White. $2 40®2 60: Pink $2 75@3 60;
Red. $4 25@4 50; Lima. $4 10@4 20; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@4: Blackeyes, $2 50 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 85@2 40.
SEEDS — Brown j Mustard; nominal — no good
lots offering; Yellow Mustard 3Vi©3fic; Flax,
$2®2 75; Canary. 6tfc; Alfalfa. 12H@13c;
Rape, l%@2Hc; Timothy 0%c; Hemp. 3^JS
3 J 4 c per lb: Millet 2^@3^c; Broom Corn
Seed, «20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 75©2 50; Green
Peas, $1 75® 2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
..There was continued firmness ! In the. upper
grades of table Potatoes and the best rlv»r
Burbanks had , another slight advance. ' Some
dealers ■ reported a little better movement In
ordinary river Burbanks. ' but supplies were
still ' excessive and prices • showed no Improve
ment. Two carloads of : Sweets, consisting
chiefly of frost- bitten and otherwise poor
stock, were received and prices had a sharp
decline. Onions "were dull and the top quota
tion was shaded.
Choice offerings, of southern Vegetables con
tinued to find ready sale at good prices. To
matoes were ' very scarce, and. there were no
Lima Beans offering. Receipts ■ of Mushrooms
were heavy and most ■ dealers ■ were selling by
the box. A box of early Asparague. contain
ing about 40 pounds. ■ came in from-Sacra
mento ; and sold . at 40c per pound.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 403
SOc per 'ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 10@l 45 per
ctl- Oregon Burbanks, 75c@l 10 per ctl: River
Reds, 60©70c per ctl : >■ Early Rose. $1 lOtJl 23
per ctl ; Sweet 1 Potatoes. 4O.@75c
■ONIONS — $2 40@2 60 per ctL '.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 4S6c perUb;
String B«ans, 5@8c per lb: Wax Beans, C@Sc;
; Lima Beans, — -per lbr Tomatoes. $1 50 per
! box or crate; Summer Squash, S5c«ISl per bot;
hothouse Cucumbers, * $1 : per dozen; Cab
bage -60c per ctl; Carrot*. 75c per rack:
Garlic 6^©7c per lb: Egg Plant. 54f7c per lb
for ' southern : Dried Peppers.- nominal;- Green
Peppers/; .'■GO75C . per box; Mushrooms.- 10«rl5c
per.lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash." $S©l0
per ton. '
Poultry and Game. ,
Another carload or Western' Poultry was M
hand; and the receipts of domestic stock- were
about 60 coops. The market. was in fair shape
and large ' chickens were gradually cleaning
up. Dressed : Turkeys were plentiful and .ruled
weak at a lower range of prices. Over 100
cafes came In. Game was steady for go^d
fat stock, but the bulk of the receipts oi
Wild Ducks were poor and thtn. and sold
•lowly. Hare and Gray Geese were higher.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. lSg22c per
Ib; Live Turkeys. 15S2uc per lb; Ge*»e. per
pair. *2©2 25: Goslings. $2 25©2 50: Ducks.
JCC5 50 per dozen for old and $6<g6 3O for
young; Hens. $4@4 50 for small and $535 50
for large: young Roosters $5@5 50; eld Roos
ters. $484 50: Fryers. $484 50; Broilers $2 50
$3 50: Pigeons $1 25; Squabs. $232 ."O.
GAME— Mallard Ducks $2 50<g3 per doxen:
Canvasback. $3@4; Teal '$1 25; Sprig, SI 5O@
2: Widgeon, Jl 2591 50; Red Heads. $2;
small Ducks $1 25^1 50; Gray Geese. $2®
3: White Geese flBl 50: Brant. $1©2: Hoak
ers. $365; Snipe. $2 50 for English and $1 90
for common: Doves $1 25: Hare. $1 75: Hab
bits, $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Ecss.
Conditions in- all descriptions remain as be
fore and prices show no change. Butter an£
Eggs are moving eff very well and dealers ex
press themselves as satisfied with trade, hence
are not disposed to disturb the market in any
way, saying. "Let well enough aione.V But
most of them report a firm feeling in Butter.
The demand for Chee*? about balances the
supply, both being moderate.
Receipts were 31.4CO lbs Batter, 478 cases
Eggs and 21.700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 23a
for extras and l!H?22c for lower to medium
grades: dairy. -17©19c; cold storage, nominal:
store Butter. 10©l4c;- Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed. 15@lCc.
CHEESE— ll»ll%c for choice mild new and
9§10c for old; cold storage 10%Qlle; Young
Americas. 12©12%c; Eastern.' l&815c per lb.
EGGS^-Raneh. 3€®40c for gosd to fancy and
30@35c for common; cold storage. 2'tf3 ; Jc;
Eastern. 25©28c for choice. 22@2ic for stand
ards and 194|21c tor seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The cool weather was not conducive to the
•ale of Citrus Frulji and the market contin
ued dull for that line of goods. Receipts of
Oranges were seven cars, and Included one
car of extra fancy Navels from Redlands,
which was firmly held at • the top quotation,
while fancy stock from other sections was
being offered freely at $1 50<6rl 75 per box.
Apples continued steady, with a good demand
reported for medium priced stock. Strawber
ries and Grape* cut but little figure in the
j market, and the quotations for the latter will
| soon be withdrawn. Persimmons and Peara
were in light, but ample supply, and prices
were unchanged. \
STRAWBERRIES— 60c per drawer for
Lbngworth? and $305 for the large varieties.
CRANBERRIES— $9811 per bbl for No 1
and $eg$ for Inferior Eastern and $2 75*83 per
box for- Coos Bay.
APPLES — 90c©$l 23 per box for fancy and
50<?$5c for common to choice; Lady Apples.
$1 75®2 25 per box.
PEARS — Winter Nellls. $1 5O©1 75 per box;
cooking varieties. 50c@$l per box. .
PERSIMMON'S— 50@C5c per box.
GRAPES — $1 per crate. '
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, Navels. $1^2 per
box; Seedlings. 75c$$l; Tangerines. 75c for
small and $1 for large boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, $1@1 25 per box; Lemons. $2 5032 75
for fancy $1 73©2 25 for choice and $1@1 50
for standards; Grape Fruit. $1 73<?2 SO; Mexi
can Limes. $4 per case; Banana?. $2@3 per
bunch for Central American and $192 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $1 5093 per doxen.
f — — — —
Dried Fruits, Xnts, Raisins, Honey.
There Is nothing new to report under this
bead. Trade continues dull and of a holiday
character. . -
Late mall advices from New York say of
Prunes and Raisins: Increasing firmness is
shown by holders of Prunes both here and on
the Pacific Coast, which Is due to the •car
city ot desirable sizes, as heretofore noted.
There. la no indication of Improvement in the
demand from distributors cere. Buying is
regulated by the wants ef the moment, and
as these are unimportant Individual transac
tions in spot goods involve small quantities
only. We hear of little business for forward
shipment. Some inquiry is noted for 30*-40fl
Oregon Italian Prunes on the spot, with eaies
of small lots at 6%(?C%c as to seller and
quantity. There continues a moderate Job
. bing demand for spot Apricots, and Peaches
, at the full quoted prices. California Raisins
on the spot are quiet and we hear of nothing
, doing in shipments from the coast, where the
market Is higher and' firmer than here. For
'• Malagas both bunches and loose there Is re
! ported to be a fair demand and the market
has a steadier tone. - Currants are selling well.
- the demand - being chiefly for cleaned. The
market Is firm."
FRUITS — Apricots, seilc for ■ Royals and
10@12-%c for Moorparks; Nectarines. 6%@7%c
for White and 6%©7c for Red; Peaches. 7*4®
$%c per lb; Pears. 7®12c; Plums, pitted. t>Q
6%c for blacks. 7%@3Hc for red and 7©3%c
for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks. SOc; 3 -crown,
55c; 4-crown. 60c; 6-crown. 65c; bulk white,
2%@3c; black. 2%«5%c; Evaporated Apples,
4%66%c per lb. . • --i.*
i PRUNES— l»s©l»ic perlb for the four sixes
and 2%c basis for the large' sizes.
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters. $2 25Q2 5O; - Debesa, $1 30®
1 35; London Layers. S5c$?$l; Loose MascateU.
4-erown, 53?5Vt«; 3-crown. 4%c; 2-crown 39
3%c; Seeded, 4%i©6c; Thompson's Seedless,
4V4&4%c: Seedless Sultanas. .",©5c per Jb.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell 12#13c; No
2. lO^llc; No.- 1 hardshell. 12e; No. 2. 10c;
Almonds 16@17c for Nonpareils 14@14%c for
I X L. 13%@14%c for Ne Plus Ultra and He
for Languedoc; Peanuts. CS7c for Eastern: Pe
cans, 11013c; Cocoanuu. $4 5083; Chestnuts.
fci&y oer lb for Italian.'
HONEY — ConfS. 11%©13c for white and 10®
lie for amber; wates. white extracted, fi%O6c;
light amber extracted. 5@5%c; dark. 3S4%c.
BEESWAX— 27g29e per Ib.
Provisions.
* Nothing definite can be ascertained concern-
Ing the Oriental order mentioned yesterday,
and the local trade say they know nothing
' about it. The Hay and Grain portions of the
order were filled here, but the Provision order
may have gone East. The market continues
dull and devoid of feature.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy. 10%e for light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Hides, 10c: Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams. 12 to 14 lbs. 12%c; 15 to
16 lbs. 12* 17 to 20 lbs. ll*4c; California.
Hams. ll»ic; Mess Beef. HO'alO BO per bbl;
extra lies* $10 50S11; Family. $12012 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear. $22;
Mess. $16 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9V4c; 10
lb tins. 934c; 5-lb tins. 9?ic; 3-lb tins 10c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8*»c; three
! half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8V*c: five tierces. 8%c per Ib.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKIN?— Culls and brands sell
about %6}c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steera. lie: medium, 10c; light. 9%610c: Cow
Hides. 9%@10c for heavy and. 9%G10c for
light; Stags'. 7@7%c: Salted Kip. 10%c; Salted
Veal. U©ll%e; Salted Calf. 11%®12%c; dry
; Hides. 17%@18c: dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20a;
Sheepskins, shearlings. >25@40c each; short
Wool. 50#75c each; medium. flCcgJl 10: long
; Wool. $1 25®1 75; Horse Hides, salt. $3 for
. large and $2 50 for medium $1 5062 for small
i and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 73 for
! large and $1 50 for medium. $1 for small, 50a
j for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c: dry
salted Mexican. 25c; dry Central American.
3Ce; Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c: extra,
large do $1 23; large. 50c; medium. 83c;
small 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered 484%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c; Grease. 2V>$J3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San" Joaquln and South,
ern. 98 Uc; Southern. S$9c; Southern Moun
tain. 0®llc; Middle Counties, free. 12S14c;
do defective. 10®12c; Northern free. 12£14c.
do defective. 10@12c; . Humboldt and Mendo
dno. 16@13c per lb.
HOPS— 19C4 crop 26829c per lb: 1905 crop.
17%ffllSc, with- most- growers holding out
for 20c.
Meat 3farket.
: The demand continues light and prices enow
no change.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates <rom slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 6®7c for Steers and 4%96c per lb
for Cows. . . .. .
VEAL— Large,' 6% «J9c : small. 8®9c per 16.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©Sc; Ewes. 6%©7%c
per lb. -
LAMB— 8%©9%c per lb. • •
; PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6%©8%e v«r lb. .
LIVESTOCK - MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San " Francisco, less 400
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7ti©7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%&O%c: thin Cows' 4g5c per lb.
CALVES — i@4%c per lb (gross weight).
- SHEEP— Wethers. 3%e3*£c; Ewes H^Z^c
per lb (gross weight). -
LAMBS— $2 50©2 73 per head.
'HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 to 230 lbs. 4-*;S4"*e:
130 to 200 lbs, 565 lie :S0 to 130 lbs. 4%i*4$»e :
soft Hogs, not wanted: Sows. .20 per' cent oft;
Boars. .50 per cent off. 'and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations. •
■ - ■ *
'..'"; ' " General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. ■ S%@5Hc spot aid 69
6%e for next year; Wool Bags. 30Q32c; Fleee*
Twine. 7%c
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $8 50; Bryant. , IS 50:
Beaver Hill. $3 50: Roslyn. $7; , Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond/ $8; Cumberland. $13 In -bulk
and $14 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14; .Welsh Anthracite Egg $13; Welsh
Lump, $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Cok». $11 $>
{213 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rockfcr
Mountain descriptions. $S 50 per 'short ton. . .
'OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c;- Linseed, -55c per gallon for boiled and
53o for raw:' Castor OH. In cases. Not. 1. 70e:
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 lCffll-12; • - LucoL,
50c • for • ■ boiled - and -4Sc for ■ • ' raw;
China Nut. cases, 65680c per gallon; Cocoanjt
Oil, In "- barrels. SSc for ' Ceylon and 33c for
Australian;' 1 extra, bleached winter Sperm Oil.
58a u natural winter Sperm Oil. (Ec; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural ■ Wha>
Oil- 62c; extra winter strained Lard Oil.- 75c:
No 1 Lard Oil ' 65c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No' 1 Neatsfoot OH. 63c; light Herrin* ou.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
OF THOROUGHBRED RACE HORSES.
Bred by HON. THEODORE WINTER3.
W»*hoe. Nevada.
To E* Sold at PUBLIC AUCTION.
MONDAY. December lf». 1904. at S !>- m..
At SALESYARD COR. VAN NESS AVE. and
MAUKET ST.
In New FavlITcn — by Electric Light.
Scnu tcr Catalogues
FRED H. CHAt»S A CO.. Livestock Auc-
tioaeen»,
Saccersors to Ki!l:;. A CaV ?
1732. Market street. Saa - Francisco. C«U
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday,' and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after o
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
I 42c: dark Herrinsr Oil. 40c; Salmon CHI. 34«:
( boiled Pish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint Oil, 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
[ COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH In buTk.
| 13c; Pearl Oil. in cases 19%c: Astra'. 19%c:
Star. 19%c; Extra Star. 22%c; Eiaine. 2Uc:
( Eocene. 21 %c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, la
i bulk. 16c; In cases, 22%c: Ii*nzlne In bulk.
■ 13c; In cases. 19 %c; 86- degree Gasoline, la
! bulk. 25c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 75c per gallon In cases and
; 63c in drums and iron barrels.
I RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%i»
7%c per lb: White Lead. 7%e7%c. according
! to quantity.'
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb In ICO-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine' Crushed 6J5e;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated 6.10c- Dry
i Granulated, line, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse
j 6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
i (lOO-lb bags only) 5 0Oc; Confectioners' A «c;
I Magnolia A 5.60c; Extra C. 3.50c; Golden C
j 3.40c; "D." 5.30c; barrels. 10c more; balf
I barrels, 25c more; bcxes. 5Oc more: 3O-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrel*.
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c; H. it E. Crystal Domino*.
9c per lb. So orders taken for less thaa w
enty-flve barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce. /
FOR FRIDAY. DECEMBER IS.
Flour, qr sks... 7.O4O Pelts, bdta ...... 200
Wh«at. ctls 2.14S, Paper, rolls 4«
Barley, ctls 7.4081 Wine gals 43.000
Corn (W*»t> ctls 5«XV Beans s!ca 2.246
Tallow, ctls 217. Potatoes, sks 6.288
Sugar, ctls 1.00"!onioiM. sks 40t
Quicksilver, flsks 230* Bran. s>* 1.433
Chicory. bbU ... 5.-i-MiddlIng». sks ... KS
Lime, bbls 364' Hay. tons SSI
Leather, rolls .. 383' Straw, tons 29
Hides. No .. 807! Wool bales 67
OREGON'
Flour, qr sks... 9.<,91|Onions. sks M3
Wheat, ctls 10.4Ort Oat Groats, sks. 20
Potatoes sks ... 2*2
STOCK MARKET.
Tonopahs SUI1 Active, but the Others
"^ Qniet.
On the Stock and Bond Exchange there was
more doing in bonds than In stocks, but
neither was very active. Quotations showed
no change worthy of comment. .
In -nin!ns ktocks there was active trading
in tr>» Tonopah ' and Goldfield shares, with
several higher. The Comstocks were generally
weaker. There was nothing new In th« Oil
stock *.
The San Francisco Union Salt Company has
levied an assessment of 3c, delinquent Janu
ary 7.
Th-» San Francisco Savings Union has de
clared a semi-annual dividend at the rate of
3 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits and
3% d*t cent on term deposits, payable Janu
ary 3. *- . . .
The Germr.n Savings and Loan Society has
declared a semi-annual dividend at the rat*
of 3% per cent per annum on all deposits, pay
able January 3.
The General Electric Company has declared
a regular quarterly dividend of 2 per cent,
payable January 14.
The Central Light and Power Con-.pa.ay has
declared a dividend of 3c r*er \Sare, payabl*
December 20.
The California Street Cable R. R. Company
has increased its monthly dividends from 73a
to 90c.
Tht North Star Mines Company of Grass
Valley district has declared a dividend of 35a
per share, payable December 23.
The International Silver Company has de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of 1 per
cent oa the preferred stock, payable Janu
ary 3.
A resolution was adopted at the last regular
meeting of the directors of the Daly West Min
ing Company of Utah that in future the divi
dend payments, which for some tlm« past bava
been at the rate of 40c per share monthly,
shall be made quarterly. The rats to b« paid
at these quarterly distributions was not stated,
but It Is understood it will be 73c, against
$1 20 now being paid.
The president of the Rey del Oro Mlr.In*
Company announces that the property has been
sold for $1,000,000 to the Green* Consolidated
Copper Company.
The Canadian Bank of Commerc* win lssu*
the balance of th~ authorised shar* capital of
26.000 shares, par value $50 each, giving $1,
300,000 additional capital, making the total
pali up capital of the bank $10,000,000 In 200,
0C0 shares. The 26.000 shares now to b* tssaao)
will be allotted to shareholders of record In
t*vs proportion of one new share for every six
€9-100 of old stock, the pric* being fixed at
$7C. For th»" year ending November 30 tb*
bank shows net profits, after providing for all
bad and doubtful debts, amounting to $1.
124,973 66. against $1,004,217 81 for O»* prev
ious year.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES BOTDa
FRIDAT. D«o. 1»— 3 p.m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s ox coup..lO8H106S'4s qr et» n«w.l31 1SH4
4s ar reg .10S%105Ti;3« <jr coup.. — 104^4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al« A W 5s. - - I Do 6. ....M3 114H
Arso OU Bs. 84 88 1 Do con Cs.104 ; —
Bar CPC 6«.1O1 — ; O. W C gd Cs. — 100
Cal C G 5S.103 — (Oceanic S Bs. «S 7^^
Cal G & E g lOm Cable «s. — 1^4
mftct5s.S5 — IPG Imp 4s. - - -' •
Cal st C 5s. 114 — P B Ry Bs.105 fOS*,
C C Wat 3s. — 99 !P « C H 6s.lO4 —
EdL 4Pte- 1M iPiOBfa- —
F A C H Cs.115% — !PoweIl-st 6s. — —
G^ary-st 5s. — 85 ISao EO*R5^100<4 —
H C*3 6H»105 — .SF A. SJV5s.ll9«4 —
Do 5s 101U — ISierra R 6». — —
HonR T Cs.lO6H — IS P of A to
I. A Elec 5s.lO4*4 — (l»09> ....V»% —
L A Ry Bs..ll6i5 — <191O 110^4 —
L A L Co «s — — S P of C «•
Do gtd «s. — — (lOCS)Sr AlOt lOtt*
Do gtd 5S.104U — <150S)3r B. — l(»H
LAP lem os.101 — O»0e> 1O4»4 —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll« — (1912) ....114\i —
Do lem 5sll« — SPC 1 eg 5a. — —
MV& MtTT>s.lC5 110 Do stamp.. 1 08 HN**4
NRR of Ces.lO«t;iO«*i 3 P B R «s.l33 138
Do Ss ..-.. — I — S V Wat fs.lO4ti —
N P C R Ss.lCS^ — 1 Do 4a 2dm.lOOV» —
N C H 5s. .. — — I Do 4s 3dm. 9O\ —
X C P C 5s. — — I Do g mtc4s »7»% —
V S R R 5s. 90 108 ISHkn GAE«s. OT —
OO LAH 5«. — 110 fU G A E 5s-lC2t4 —
Oak T Co Cs.120 — |UR of SF 4s. 87% —
WATER STOCKS.
Con Costa ..23 — I Port Coeta. . — —
Marln Co .. - 50T,l3 V Wat Co. 39% ®*
OAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent LAP. 3* 41$|8 F G A B. M WJj
Mutual EL..— llJ^'Stkn G A E. — S^
Pae L Co... — WTVU O A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fni — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.129 — IL P A A .1132 —
Anglo-Cal . W 9° |Mer Trust .. — CO
Bark of Cal. 420 423 IM«reh Ex ..50 —
Cal. Safe Dpl52 — IS F National. — —
First Natonl. — — I
1 ._ SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.t33» — Sa» A L So. — .100
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sav Bk. — 424
Mutual Sar. — IPO Union T Co. — , 33C0
S F Sar U.810 «75
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — I Presidio .... — 41
Geary — '■ 40-1
POWDER.
Giant -. «2*i QHIVlgortt S 4t;
C SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73% 74U!Makaweli S C — —
Honokaa S C 17^ 1» (Otwjmea 3 C. 32% 32*i
Hutch SPC 14% 15 IPaauhaa S C. 20% 21
Kllauea S C. l\% « f v
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska A. W 85 iOceanii S Co. 4% ■ «H
Cal F C A. — 90i;-Pac Aux FA. 4%~ —
Cal Wine A. R2 S5 I Pac C Borx. — 157%
MV& MtTm 05 ,1C2 I Pac S Tel Co. 107- ica
SALES.
Morr.ln.i Session. '
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 9H 73
Continued on Paze Fourteen.
1516
INVEST CAPITAL
IN YUBA LANDS
San Francisco and Eastern
Men 3Iake Large Purchases
Near City of Marysville
PK0PERTY PKOSPECTED
Dredgers TVill Be Installed
and Operated by Corpora
tion Now Being Formed
MARYSYILLE, Dec. 16.— Some time
mgo it was announced that R. E.
Cranston and others had closed a deal
lor 10SS acres of James O'Brien's hold-
Ings along the Tuba River. A
deal was closed here to-day whereby
Cranston obtains 207 acres of the Duf
flcy tract, making a total of 1295 acres
la all. Deeds for a portion of these
holdings have been placed in escrow
and a part payment of one-third of the
pia-ohase r>rice has been made. ! The
tleeds are made out to John Martin
auid Ku_rer.e de Sabla and associates,
of whom Cranston is one.
The- lard has been prospected and,
thf returns proving highly satisfactory,
'.as soon as they can be built two
ltrge dredsrers will be put in opera
tion. Five more are to be constructed
without delay. A company with a cap
italization of $1,000,000 is now being or
(pajiized by San Francisco and Eastern
capitalists.
The price paid for the propertr has
not been made public, but it is under
stood it will average about $300 an acre.
■ ♦ «
• In innnj rates of Aathms Pi«o'» Cure
Ctre* relief that Is a'.mcst equal' to a cure. •
The fciiow who invites trouble gen
erally gets an acceptance.
ADVEKTISE3IEXTS.
BAY CITY
1132-38 Market St. 25-27-29 Turk St.
SPECIAf~TO=DAY
PRIME RIB ROAST BEEF— Per lb.
12%c
CHOICE ROAST BEEF— Per lb...
Sc and 10c
All Selected Stall Fed Steers.
GENUINE SPRING LAMB— Per lb.
5c, Tc and lOc
: AI1 Choice South Down Lambs, the I
Finest in the City.
The Best CORNED BEEF— Per lb.
;..Gc
SWEET PICKLED PORK SPARE-
RTBS— Per lb ,8c
ROAST PORK (Corn Fed)— Per lb.
; Oc
_______ _ - i
EASTERN SUGAR CURED HAMS
—Per lb v 12i_c!
EASTERN SUGAR CURED
BACON— Per lb 16c
Don't Miss Our Grand Christmas
Display. '
Big Cut in Prices of All Other Meats. '
i-—--—— — — — — _ _______________
ILundstrom |
Hats |
Combine quality with t'yl*.
The reveet block* are h«"re at
T^pular pric*». f2 50 and $3 50.
We have ebaolutely the larc-«t j
■Kortment of brown hats in
Prisco.
PACIFIC COAST
; HAT WORKS
"The Bir Buy Eat Shop."
14 8 arket S*.
Opp. Central Theater.
and 605 Kcarny St.
• — ' j
MOTORl- CYCLES
Are Becoxainir
Popnlar
Especially the 3 H.P.
fg g^g> CALIFORNIA
>WJHr_5?S^ Kcae So Economical
->¥&$M Price 6I85
!ftmW/#- New Bicycles at
■^ I^K^n'ibs Beduced Price».
grtf 817^0. S30. 822.50.
yyt ST\§ Send lor z>i>t ot
<i«. -^ 2nd-Kanl Bicycles.
i^i^qfnr&BiJUL/
S07-3OTLARKW -f'u n n n
REDEMPTION OF BONDS,
■Notice is hereby srivm that In accordance
«-!th the terms of the bonds istued by the
Kevada County Narrow-Gau_e Railroad Com-
pany the directors determined by lot the num-
bers to be redeemed at Welle.- Fargo & Co 'a
Bank, in the city of San Francisco. Cal.. on
the 2d day of January, A. D. 1905. with the
following result: Kos. 143, 125. 236 123 3fi.
which bonds will.be paid In United Elates rold
coin on said "d day of January, 1905, upon
•iirrender of same, with coupons attached, and
Interest thereon will cease from and after that
date. • F. O. BEATTT.
Secretary the Nevada County Narrow-Gauge
Railroad Company, office Grass Vall«y.
Cal.
Grans Valley. Dec. 13. 1904.
_#^BXOEWEy.STR0NG &C0._#»gy
(1 .^PATENTS. 3
r _^_P___g__n________MB_a~__^V*r«&_r
MARKET ST. Sl.^Sm^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES:
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
LEAZT BOOFSAirS EETtIOHT9.
All kind* repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works,
1170-1176 Mission st. Phone Main 5461.
OILS. -
tUERlCATING OILS: LEONARD ic ELLIS. .
Front at.. S. F.y Phone Main 1719.
. ' PRIKTIHO.
LC HITRRPC' PRINTER,
t. DljUfl£>, til Eansome st.. S. F.
FINE BUILDING FOR
TELEPHONE COMPANY
It Is •■■Planned for Operating Only
FINE NEW MODERN BUILDING WHICH 18 BEING ERECTED ON BUSH
STREET BY THE PACIFIC STATES TELEPHONE AXD TELEGRAPH COM->
PANY AND WHICH WILL BE DEVOTED TO OPERATING PURPOSES. '
The main cfP.ce building of the Pa
cific Stat<?3 Telephone, and Telegraph
Company, to be used for operating pur
poses onlv, is now under construction
at Bush Btreet and Mary place, oppo
site the California Hotel. The,struc
ture wtll occupy the full • size of the
lot. 40x120 feet, with frontages on Bush
street and on alleys at side
and rear. The i plans • call for
a building eight stories high,
JAMES \V. COFFROTH ;^: - v
■ "WILL- RESIGN . OFFICE
Secretary of Superior Court Finds
Outside Vrntnres Demand Too
Much of His Time. •
The friends of James ■ \V. Coffroth,
for many years secretary ,of the Su«
perior Court, will be surprised to hear
that he intends to resign his position
at the ' end of the month. Coffroth
finds that his outside business ventures
demand much of .his time. Further
more he. contemplates an extended
tour of Europe and will leave the city
about the middle of February. . .
In May. 1889.' Coffroth . was ap
pointed to the • secretaryship by.- the'
Board of Supervisors and his work has
ben so well appreciated that, he has
retained the office ever since. In 1885
Ccffroth. with the assistance of his
friends, was Instrumental in having the
Legislature make the" position of sec
retary a statutory appointment within
the gift of the twelve Superior Judges.
Besides, having the "respect of his
friends in' public life, Coffroth is a so
cial favorite in many clubs and has de
vcted a great dealof his time to sports
and athletics. In speaking last night
of his proposed resignation, ■_ hie said:
"I. have been in the position so ions
that I shall be extremely sorry to leave
mj friends. Still I feel that I cannot
conscientiously attend to _ my official
duties and pursue profitable outside
ventures. One or the other would
have to be neglected, and. as my out
side affairs are more profitable, I. find
it necessary to. resign, as much as I
dislike to leave the. court." ' -
Search out all impurities and expel
them from the sygtem through the.nat
ural channels; by using Lash's Bitters. *
ARRESTS FOR FEDERAL OFFENSES.—
Paul Greenin*.' third officer ■ of ■ the - steamship
Minnesota, and John Duffy of the vessel's
crew were arrested yesterday by United States
Marshal Shine on complaint of Thomas ■ Lar-
Ren. a sailor. ■• who . charges .them with beatlnsc
him on the -high .seas. Harry B. • R»dd was
fumed over yesterday to the United State*
Marshal on tt chartre of stealing' a $50 overcoat
from Fred P. Reynolds. . .
AJDVERTISEjIeNTS. ., r
I Oriental Goods I
I At Wholesale Prices ' v|
I We Offer Onr Entire Extra Fine |
| . . -Collection of." ; ,i|
| ORIENTAL RUGS! I
1 and Curtains I
O i JXT i ■ '- O
1 25% pISGOUIMT |
g From Regular Retail Prices .g:
w We are. Sole; Agents for John 8
| Crossley &. Son's Celebrated w
S: Entflsh Carpets. v ■ / " •§
|Ghas;|l;Plflffli&;Gb; |
§ Cor. Ninth' and Market ? Sts.;;; §
THE SAN , FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, DECEMBER 17.. 1904.
with basement, of class A construction,
with steel frame, concrete fireproof
floors and fireproof material through
out, to the entire exclusion of wood as
a building material.
The stories will be exceptionally high,
fourteen feet in the clear. The height
of the building will therefore equal that
of an ordinary eleven-story structure.
Two fast elevators are provided for.
The front will be built of pressed brick,
terra cotta and stone. The 'cost of the
building will be $150,000.
HOMELESS BOYS TRAINED V v
TO. BE AGRICULTURISTS
St. Joseph's Institute at Ruthci-rord,
Napa. County, Is Accomplishing
Commendable Work.
St. Joseph's Agricultural Institute at
Rutherford, which. is now starting on
its third year, has already proved that
it is an indispensable adjunct of the
Youths' Directory. Untold good is be
ing done by the institution. There, the
useful and healthy, work of the farm is
taught to' boys, who might otherwise
swell the ranks of the unemployed ana
vicious in the • cities. Father . D. O.
Crowley of the Youths' Directory real
ized the necessity of a. place of this
sort several years ' ago and it was
through. his efforts that the big^Ruth
erford farm Was bought. He saw that
there were opportunities outside of
the- trades and professions for the
homeless lads taken in by the Youths'
Directory. .■
At Rutherford hundreds of boys are
being trained to be .'agriculturists. As
The Callsaid editorially when the pro
ject was 'first started: "The movement
to carry boys back to the . land and
give them ; a training for scientific
farming, is in line with the trend of
thought of the most earnest men and
women of our time." That the State
needs scientific agriculturists is ad
mitted generally. - St. Joseph's . Agri
cultural School is preparing to supply
that want.' • The Xavierian Brothers
have charge of the education of the
embryo farmers.
Ball! by IIla;h Masons.
One of the most delightful social
functions given. this season by a Ma
sonic body was that held in/Native
Sons' Hall last. night by Mission Chap
ter, Royal Arch Masons. , The color
effect; in the decoration, the' deep . red
of : the 'chapter, was relieved by artis
tically arranged white lanterns, while
the stage was a bower of potted plants
and flowers. This, the first ball given
by this chapter, was attended by more
than 400,:- dancers and many non
dancers.-who filled the, galleries. ., The
well arranged programme of dances
was made ur> of twelve numbers -and
four extras. Between 9:30 and; 11:30
o'clock^ a "special committee served re
freshments in the banquet hall.
"..The committee In charge was Dewey
Coffin, M. E. H". P.: Robert D. Burness.
Kdward ' F. - Crossett, > George . "W.' ; "Lunt.
Frank -E.Shafer, Henry W. Thorp and
John R.' Hillman, who was the floor
manager. . ' : : :''■:'■ .•'■.;.."•.' ?
• A • vlforous .'growth ■ and. the original color
given to the hair, by 'Parker's Hair. Balsam.
- Parker'* Ginger Tonic 'the beet cough cure. •
Music In South Park.
'.'. The settlement , "committee, r ,of . five
members - of ; the Association of .Ccil
legiate;' .Alumnae, gave a : special and
attractive', musical .programme '^last
night at the South Park Settlement for
the entertainment of- residents' of- the
neighborhood. 'Among the special fea
tures of the evening iwere violin selec
tions, by; Helma . Hirshberg, vocal solos
by Miriam ' Meyerfeld/ ; flute ''solos: by.
David Hirscheller and piano selections
by Helen- Livingston. ~ .) .
' \ The . Murine ; Eye Remedy Co.; ; Chicago,
Send Home ; Eye -Book free. '\,Write. them
about. your Eyes./. -' . v . •
' CHRI5TMA8 KXERCISES AT BCHOOLS.-
Chiistmaa exercises were ' held m yesterday v in
the '■: deaf and dumb clasg - at the Harrison
Primary : School,' the .Jefferson School and . the
fifth trade of the Emerson School. At the
latter ' fchool a short cantata. "StranBe Vis
itors," was: 1 presented by the -pupils.'- ' .
j -'A ; dreamSif ; pleasure, '-. the '. new, two ' for
quarter size 'American, $2 75 box 1 25/ ' ' •
POOR TO FEAST
ON CHRISTMAS
Salvation Army Is Preparing
Its Annual Dinner for
San Francisco's Needy
GENEROSITY A-PLENTY
Children :of Public Schools
Bring Contributions to
Aid in Charity's 7 Cause
The Salvation Army in San Fran
cisco, as in all other parts of the world
where it is quartered, is again busy at
this season, arranging to give its an
nual public Christmas dinner. This. will
take place in the banquet room of the
Odd Fellows 1 builldng, Seventh and
Market streets. The number in this
city which has usually, taken ad
vantage of the. philanthropic, ottering
has been in the neighborhood of 1500,
and preparations are making to enter
tain that many this year. '
Six years ago 20,000 of the poor of the
United States were invited to the
Christmas I feast and 50,000 accepted.
The result on that occasion led the
army to increase the invitations the
folio wing year to 100.000. A year' later
200,000 .were invited. Last "**ar P the
total reached about 300,000. ■ '. %
The dinners are given by two meth
ods. First, by the distribution of well
lilled baskets of uncooked food, con
taining ample provisions of great va
riety for a family of five; second, by
the gathering or the invited poor about
a well-loaded table, as will be the case
on Christmas «lay at Odd Fellows' Hall.
Ii: many cities where the climate is
particularly severe the poor are further
benefited by' receiving gifts of warm
clothing.
The basket dinner meet.? those cases
\there the 'unfortunate ones, known to
to be. thoroughly deserving, are un
willing to take part in a public dinner,
where they would be regarded as ob
jects of charity.. Recipients of the bas
ket dinners are selected by means of
careful canvass, the families being vis
ited in their' homes and recommended
either 'by, the army's officers or by
some religious or philanthropic organ
ization*. '
The army's Christmas dinner is now
an established Institution, which com
mands I the sympathy of the generous
public. All classes have been generous
in response to the appeals of the Sal
vation Army, and it has been found
that v even of the public schools
have taken. so deep an interest in the
' MARKS BROS.
t ■ < ■ ' '
TO=DAvi~SALE
HANDKERCHIEFS
ARE APPROPRIATE
HOLIDAKGIFTS
We have »o many special loti that
we can't tesrln to tell all about them.
TWO BIO LEADERS for TO-DAY
LEADER I — >' '-'.■
i/*| jja] -Linen embroidered
At «P1.VU L Handkerchiefs. Vt doz.;
FnfRftYAf-T put in .'" Holiday 1 . .Box;
rOrDOAOI GJ S eii s elsewhere lor $1.75.
LEADSK II— ,
I . . (P| J c") 6 elegant linen Hand-
At n)lt4f)L kerchiefs; fancy box;
C-.D».«(A'. tne kind that sells else-
.ForBoxof6j v> . bere at , 2 . 25 . ,
Lisle and Wool Mixed Vests
, $1.00 Kind, To-Day 69c
Pants to match — Color * Gray or
Cream. . .
We Rave Lota of
Xm5S Neckwear for Ladies
A Wide and Artistic Ransre of .
I Silk Stocks and Ties
' Uarked at Special Price-. v
15c, 25c, 35c, 5§c, 65, 98c
::'/■■' Up tO $3.50
Hand Bags
$2.00 Kind, ••■To-Day $1.20
The variety I- Immense In nhape, color
and leather, with card case, coin purse and
i mirror. ■ , ...... . ,,
BLACK SILK MUFFLERS
Double Width and Fall Length ,
SPECIALLY PHICLD FOR TC-DAY
At 98c, $1.25, $1.45 and $1.95
Warner's Rust Proof Corsets
-$1.25 Kind, ?May;98c
•- ; Wtth Hose Supporters attached.- .'..
Point Venise Lace Cape Collars
$2.50 Kind, To«Day$l. 45
', ' ! Come Jn cream and white only." ' ;'
Women's Hose]
Tk '■'■'•'n '• -■ > Be Hs elsewhere
GIRLS' GOATS
$5.00 Kind, To-Day; $3.25
' -FuIl-iength'-Meiton-. Coat.-. In blue, tan
.andibrown;: sizes 6, to 14.. - • \
RUNABOUT SKIRTS
$5.00:Kind, WDay;;$3:40;
. < A -.host of]«tyles; colors'' and materials to
select from. ' t' ■'/•'•■ " f -.,; ■; :■
The; Home of Honest Values
122l rt2Z4JMARi(Ef STREET
~~~ — — : — : TT ••■■'■ •'- • , . HALE'S.
______• HAI_E'S. ' . - ■-..'■" |. : /! ~ - *- > "
One More Saturday: Then Christinas
Lots of gifts will be bought'to-day andthis evening-making varieties better now. _;
Though Hale's will be open every business evening now till Christmas, bring the children
to-day. " ' r • •• - . ■-•';/■ ■ • ■• - ] __,
»V.':V ",. ' . -o The Third and Fourth Floors Are Bubbling Over With
Hale's Will Make Wholesale TOV EntnUSiaSlTl fl
Prices to Churches and Charita- . ': .. n_. re Trt .Hav in __t_P
blc Organizations on candies, toys The Christmas spirit overtlows to-aay i« .^^Lr^Jj&f
HL'Z'ttZy %iSL 0Z£ ™™ of the best news yet. U^M
'"""■ A Doll Go-Cart at 45c SsSRS*,.
Pu n r d ch^s W i'i,o D u^ 5%/S , . «• ol r«d. Bta the one reproduced in «he pic.ure
or more to any railroad or boat lts nicely varnished and enameled. It s a magnmccm »>o/ x *-*'
shipping- point within 100 miles value at 45c.
from. San Francisco, whether pur- Marie -lantern 95c— It's made of »on Buxeao, 79c— Regular J1.25vaJue.
as.? -»**.?"* *■ EiC~Si" s - :-wS«
0 -—. O Archarena, bomtlnatlcn Game Board. knobs.
lOc Japanese Crepe f|£?^ fcSSS^ >g
To-Day at . 7c Yard ' ]^&^™JZ^A*'A?%"%i ZS&tXb. I _? te SS". t g~_-W k J3
Second floor; 26 inches wide, in value at $2.95 • to-day. slippers.
pink, blue or green colorings. Why ■''■•>.*: ■ . — -
not fill -a screen with some of it and ' _., , v .
make a gift any one will appreciate? The little girl will be pleased with Values suggestive of dozens of gtft
ioc quality at 7c yard; second floor. one of these opportunities in glittering cut
Black Silks ' Lamb's Wool Sets at glass- third floor-are
for Meiers at 75c $1.50 Bonbon Dishes, 61.25^
suKuk^r^^^^ W^^^m^ Zd
for reefers. - . arpund her neck. Scarf to match, useful and economical at once.
' Th.r« ie->* „ k»* ♦ _.*'*• i »» Or •. ' • Pieces In still more elaborate de-
it vrn^ SrJ Ji h l l t °°i, m u < l h time l eft showing even more skinful
fs a /oXm Tr= k » e ™h E »w A Gray Xrnmm.r Set. $2.50— A fine workmanship, at $1.75, $2.65, $2J5 and
buv-thf^Sllk to rtai St%£?^«.w? o? larse mufr - Hned. with satin, with $3_23.
ouy me silk to-day at 75c yard. 21 fancv oorrf and n qrirf with nrettv
inches wide. At Sl.OO. 22. inches wide. rancy corcu and a scan wnn pretty
At $1.25. 23 inches wide. clafep. $2^0.
Japanesse Silks, 35c yard — 20 inches You'll be pleased with the prices. _-, ■-.'_.--.*
wide, in the new art shades. 27 DUV Best PefllimeS
inches wide at 50c. ' — — — *
Prench Sersre at 50c— It's a regular 75c fnr Chrf«!tm51« fiiftc
quality. 42 to 50 inches wide. ru-l fJ,« IT^,U««11«« WnribtmaS VJIIIS
1^^*/ 1 -/ 5 , 0 -: 11^" 1 ,^ J1 ; 5 ,? Umbrellas Buy the new odors and the most
K t s y hades and ° 4 lnCheS Wide - AH ; at Economy Prices lasting. -Buy them in fancy bottles
_____ 31 economy trices or in bulk and buy them where you
Crocheted Slippers $2.15 and $2.50; that are can be sure that what you buy is
I h Sjzes for every one.. v^th SjOO. ff 2^ J ?S_S^SSS?S?
50c,^tor girls, at 65c, for women, at a aIlk cast , tlght ro ,,. lvory and pearl « At 8 1.25— 8 ounces of Kirk's perfume.
09c to $1.15; for men, at $i.l«J pair. handles, trimmed with sterling silver. white rose, jockey club, apple blos-
Htw Silk Draw Braid* are here in They make an opportunity to buy gifts som. peau d'Espagrae.
white, cream. Arabian and Persian, and save to-day. $2.15 and $2.50. At $1.25—1% -ounce bottle of Bradley*s
3}_c. 5c, 6V«c and 7 i.e. ' . *\yi > best perfume In a sUk-llned and sllk-
: — — — — — ; . ' , covered box, with painted figure on
Best Gifts for. "Him" Give a Hale Go c Order and At 35c— Wicker basket containing 2
- First suggestion-A house coat. "Don't Worry"-she can choose her KSS'.Sk rtSfflKSw* "n^vlr. W " h
patterns that won t tire, of material own gift. : : \ ; At 75c— A hand-painted satin box. with
that will wear, prices that aren't ex- a 1-ounce bottle of Bradley** best
travagant. $3.75 to $12. At Hale's. * perfume, in all the popular odors.
,.„ nf Tr_-*v_--i,«_#« -,-«--# snv i.'V.' . Other perfumes in fancy Christmas
box ox HanaKercnieis. pair of Silk y-v< «r • _. hnxm from asr tnisno
Su-penfler., a Eeefer-My the men's Order Your Christ ITiaS t> ° X "' * T ° m 8SC tO SS * 00 *
goods store is full of gifts for him. • - ; ____________
including to-day— ■ Candies Now
Men's Shir's .at 51.00 . ♦ order at Haie's. They win be An Eiderdown Comfort —
• A new. pretty line of golf and stiff fresh on the day you want them de- qc C_«-.l r*»«*
bosom shirts, new patterns. Splendid Hvcred and delivered when and *P° a Ullt
for Christmas gifts; all sIzestH to 17. . . . . - .....'
Percales. Madras, cloth and Oxfords wnere you want. And,tO-day a Splendid day to buy
the materials. Every shirt has sepa- splendid French Mixed Candies at 35c one, and Hale's the place.
EiJFil 1 - "^ iS MSi -_rs*. "- Kag5Sii ,u B ar. sa^u* ase-u ssa &? "-■
.... • • coated ones.
~ ■ ■ ■ _^ f? Q
Bring the children to talk to .^ ■ jjt j*gi Tisit the
Santa Claus Santa Claus
. on the Four h Foar WM^^f^^ Art Gallery
Mornings 10 to 12. afternoons 2:30 to .^^tf.^!?* 1 Second floor; nearly 6000 original
4:30. evenings 7:30 to 9. No candy. . " , 1< l t ' a _ l P, f ?, ant , a Claus. arranged al-
, so you won't be hurried by the crowd Market Street, Near Sixth. Q phnbetlcally. interesting.
generous movement as to bring dona
tions of fruit, vegetables and groceries
for the family baskets.
KINDLY FOLKS MAY NOT
; FORGET SUFFERING MITES
Christmas Donations of All Descrip
tions Will Bo Acceptable for
Hospital for Children.
• The' Hospital for Children and
/Training School for Nurses, 3700 Cali
femia street, one of the most deserv
ing of. the charitable organizations of
San Francisco, has done splendid. work
during the year, having cared for an
average of 150 sick and helpless chil
dren each month. . Fully one-half of
the patients receiving attention at the
hcspital are absolutely free cases and
the expenses: of the institution aver
age nearly $n000 monthly. The in
come from the small endowment is
barely, enough to meet the taxes and
for a large portion of the outlay the
institution is dependent upon the char
itably inclined of San Francisco.
It is a non-sectarian institution and
no child is ever refused admission
while there is a bed vacant, no mat
ter what its 'nationality, creed or color.
Now that the seSson of generous giv
ing has come around once more the
women directing the Hospital for Chil
dren and Training School for Nurses
are ready to receive money, clothing,
groceries, fuel and supplies "of all
kinds that good cheer may come to
the little ones,, whose suffering In
many cases is hard to. bear.
From Thursday, December 22. to
Saturday, December. 24, a committee
of the following ladies will be at W.
&, J. Sloane & Co.'s, 114 Post street,
to receive gifts: Mrs. L. L. Dunbar.
chairman; Mrs. T. N. Walter, Mrs. John
F. Merrill, Mrs. Henry Payot, Mrs. H.
E. Bothin. Mrs. M. F. McGurn, Mrs.
Wendell Easton, Mrs. Bertha Lillen
thal. l<J-g->BBffltW_iaffflnTl
RELIEF, SOCIETY GIVES
MANY CHRISTMAS BOXES
Ladies of Benevolent Organization De
i, light the Hearts" of Little Ones
/With Gifts.
The Francesca Relief Society held
its annual - Christmas festival yester
day, afternoon in one of the halld of
St. Ignatius Church. . The festival of
this society means the giving of toys
and^ clothing to children of the poor
with well- stocked baskets of gro
ceries and good things that make up
the Important part of a Yuletide din
ner. -*>:■'.':' " ' ■ " . ■ ' \ - ■
There was a great crowd of young
sters at the . festival 'and besides' all
the Christmas boxes ; there was a. huge
Christmas tree laden with glittering
articles,', boxes of candles and dolls of
all complexions. ,
. .The Rev. Father Frieden, S.J.. ad
dressed the children. -An , excelisnt
musicali programme performed by St-
Ignatius. College and several ladies of
the society and, children, from-. -the
home'ofthe-Sisters/of the ;Holy Fam
ily delighted ) youths •: a/Jd . adults a I'ke.
The clergymen; presejit .' were -trie
Fathers Frieden, • ( C.\Raram, Sasia.
Henry ■■:!., Stark, C. S.'" P.; • McQuade,
Tobin; H. Woods,. S..J.; Whittle, Ma
honey, and Allen," S.'J. . ',
'.The officers of 4he society, who gave
valuable aid to; the; affair, -were Mrs.
Andrew Welch, the^founder; : Mrs,' Eu
gene v Leht,' " president: Mrs. : Margaret
Zeiglerjand ' Miss Mathilde David; .vice
presidents: Miss Marie i Gaillard,* treas
urer, and" Miss Margaret Lacey, secre
tary. :.v^r — ; . .:■ , -
GRANT; PRIMARY SCHOOL.
■Pupils Regaled .With ; Good Things by
. '..* -Santa Claus."
1. Christmas; exercises '.were held, yes
terday ". at Grant Primary. School, rPa-
cific avenue., between Broderick and
Baker streets. Miss Ida E. Shaw is
the principal and her young scholars
revealed an abundance of intelligence
throughout the exercises. They .were
regaled with bonbons' and other del
icacies by good Santa Claus, who, was
impersonated by a friend of the
school.
Following took part*in the pro
gramme:
The , following programme was ren
' "America." «one.-by the school. !
, "Merry Christmas," none, claat of Mrs.
Reynolds and Miss A. Sullivan.
"Mammy's Plcknlnnles," recitation. Mildred
Plerson. - •. . •-•'.'
"Ye Shepherd," son?, class of Miss Camp
bell.
"The Golden Rule," recitation. Ruth Ghlra
delll.
"Rose-bu«h." song, class of Mlas E. Sullivan.
"Looking Into the Future." recitation, Ella
Walter-tern.
•'Little Playmate," song, class of Miss Cook
son.
"The Next President," recitation, Elizabeth
Stone.
"Music of the Wav?." sons, class of Miss
Kincaid and Miss Hart.
Operatic selection, piano duet. Masters Ros
enblatts.
"Hark, the Christmas Bells." piece, school.
Lullaby, class cf Mrs. Reynold.*.
Patriotic recitations, Albert Bull.
"Just As the; Stars Are Shining." Wander
Kennedy.
"A New Santa Claus." piece by class of
Miss Cookson.
"Jingle- Bells," song by Miss . Emma Sul
livan.
"Stay In Your Own Backyard. iong by
Ruth Howe. ■■"••;
"Light of Love." song. Margaret Murdock
"We'll Clap Our Hands," song. Miss Dan
iels.
"Buds or Santa Claus," recitation by clas3
Of Mls3 Campbell.
"Maryland. 1 * song by class of Mls.« Sullivan.
"Jolly Old St. Nicholas,", class of Miss Cook
son. ■ ' '
"Merry Merry Chrlstma.«." song by school.
"Night" Before Christmas," recitation by
Vivian Guroey.
"Fairy Story." Mlw> Campbell.
A Christmas tree and Santa Claus concludes
the evening's entertainment.
PUPILS END TEI^M WITH .
DIVKUSIFIKD PROGRAMME
The Clement Grammar School yes
terday had a very, pleasant ending to
" " AD VCTLTISEtfEXTS.
OHIRARDELLI'$
Mi\lm\W^mJ^^^\ thIng mora
■ ". JMMmmS^r antl than tbi
' WBi/wiB orilnapy sweetmeat.
II Ill'liiSj^^^a^-^' " At Confectioners' and
TO ADVERTISEKS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that . edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after o
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
the school term. All grades had ex«r
cises In the afternoon.
The little tots got through their
exercises early, then marched over into
Miss McFarland's room. She is the
new principal. This room had been
elaborately decorated with Japanese
lanterns, a lighted Christmas tree. flag3
and evergreens.
Mini Lewis' room rras also very lav
isly decorated.
The proRrnmme in Miss Lewis' room
was 83 follows:
Song. "Fairy Dance." by class; mamlolin
*olo. Lucille Beaa: recitation, Leone Poesner
son*. May 'Wanek: recitation. Miriam Ken
nedy; son*. "Battle Prayer." clams; recltatlrn.
Gladys F.wintc: piano . solo. Louts Len*feltr
■election <readinK>. Minnie Beckett: Joke* U n4
Joshes. fron» the Clement Annual; refreshment!
"Home, Sweet Hcme." Edwin C.- Voor'iU*.
chairman; Kumie B. Jcselyn. secretary. Com
mittee — Arleen Cam^rnn. I^^ster Moodv Mar
tha Tweedy. X. S. Pond. Bernard Docker and
Minnie Beckett.
The Clement Literary Society recent
ly issued a little magazine as a Christ
mas souvenir. This literary venture
netted the society about $40. "This
rf-at little sum is to >»« donated to the
teachers' pension fund.